Government officials were held accountable for actions that were usually beyond the reach of the law , ranging from brutal beatings of journalists , to illegal confinement for `` national security . ''
But reference to `` talks '' makes the West uncomfortable .
An amicable resolution of the Kashmir conflict will only help improve peace prospects in South Asia .
In the long-term , however , what really matters is whether the Muslims of South Asia will be able to roll back the spread of Talibanization altogether .
Outsiders watching these shifts , and the Pakistani government 's handling of them , have been unable to discern a consistent pattern that would explain Pakistani policy .
Pakistan must be able to focus internally on its future .
`` The US and Britain will not be able to control Iraq , '' Assad claimed .
The Syrian intelligence apparatus has provided much valuable information on the activities of Muhammad Atta and others suspected of involvement in those attacks , as well as information about other al-Qaeda activities .
Considering the evidence on display in Iraq , Syrian leaders must be wondering whether the Bush administration is capable of thinking in these terms .
At the same time , will Syria 's new rulers prove capable of striking the kind of Machiavellian bargain for which the late Syrian president , Hafiz Al-Assad , was famous ?
Many are charities and often include on their advisory boards one or two members with clear government connections -LRB- the daughter of a minister or an army general , or , in a couple of notable instances , the President 's wife -RRB- .
Advocates of dialogue with the Iranians and their Syrian allies , like former United States Secretary of State James Baker , labor under the delusion that they can actually reach an understanding that can enable a graceful US exit from Iraq and help stabilize that wounded country .
In these cirumstances , neither Syria nor Iran seems capable of delivering anything but mayhem in Iraq .
Instead of enjoying expanding horizons , they are trapped in a virtual prison , where things that every child should be able to take for granted are instead being taken away : the right to play , to go to school , to have enough to eat , to have light to study by at night , and to feel safe in their own homes .
Palestinian and Israeli children deserve to grow up in peace . And leaders on both sides , supported by the international community , must join in the kind of honest dialogue that is the only viable path toward achieving it .
NEW YORK -- The Greek debt crisis has prompted questions about whether the euro can survive without a nearly unimaginable centralization of fiscal policy .
Only governments that are chronically unable to finance their outlays with domestic taxes or domestic debt must keep borrowing large sums abroad .
But the power to tax has practical limits , and governments ' moral or legal right to bind future generations of citizens to repay foreign creditors is questionable .
Lending to states thus involves unfathomable risks that ought to be borne by specialized players who are willing to live with the consequences .
But , while the debt was highly rated , how could anyone objectively assess unsecured and virtually unenforceable obligations ?
Some European countries apparently believe that they can maintain an EU consensus in support of Ahtisaari 's plan but allow Russian foot-dragging on the grounds that delay is not unreasonable and something better may turn up with additional negotiations .
Instead of repeatedly making clear that Kosovo independence is an indispensable requirement for EU membership -- so important to Serbia 's modernization and Balkan stability -- EU leaders like Javier Solana laud Kostunica as a great democratic leader .
Europe is vulnerable on many fronts , particularly in view of its dependence on Russian energy , while America 's weakened presidency has diminished US influence in Russia .
Many claimed that the Kremlin was delaying the inevitable but ultimately would not block independence .
Indeed , any reasonable reading of the resolution -- especially in the context of the conflict-ridden Balkans over the past two decades -- would acknowledge that independence would satisfy the resolution 's intent and the purpose of sustaining UN supervision of the province for the past eight years .
The world must make clear that Russian military involvement in Abkhazia is unacceptable , while also restraining Georgia 's government from reacting militarily to any provocation .
So the question is this : who will Palestinians , in particular the Hamas constituency , think is better able to secure these goals , Abbas or Barghouti ?
But can he translate this achievement into an extended ceasefire , peaceful elections , and consolidated PA rule in Gaza and the northern West Bank ? Failure to do so will lead to yet another defeat for the legitimate Palestinian aim of attaining a viable state .
Will Hamas be able to root out corruption and incompetence , and deliver services fairly and efficiently ?
But it is clear that Hamas is now vulnerable to public opinion and , as a governing authority , will have to deal with the international response to its victory .
The United States , Israel , and some Arab governments plan to arm and train forces loyal to Abbas , especially his presidential guard . They want to prepare Abbas 's forces in Gaza for a confrontation with Hamas , which they believe is inevitable .
Israel , meanwhile , is worried that Hamas has strengthened its military grip on Gaza , in terms of both fortifications and networks capable of launching Qassam rockets into neighboring Israeli towns .
If Fatah is to become a viable partner for peace and regain its grassroots support , it must reform itself and end the widespread corruption that has undermined its reputation .
In a recent declaration , the group made favorable mention of al-Qaeda leaders Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri .
But , with their government unable to do anything about the expansion of Israeli settlements , including in East Jerusalem , as well as continued conflicts over holy sites in Hebron , Bethlehem , and the Al-Aksa mosque , West Bank Palestinians are extremely frustrated .
But this can only happen with considerable investment .
Upping the ante could turn the tables .
This enables continued economic growth with high oil prices .
Confronted with the spread of missile technology , and unpredictable regimes and leaders , we owe it to our populations to complement our deterrence capabilities with an effective missile-defense capability .
Since taking office last summer , I have invested considerable time and effort in revitalizing the NATO-Russia relationship , with progress made in several areas , including a joint review of common threats and challenges .
We would have to make our systems interoperable , share intelligence assessments , and link sensitive technologies .
In a bellicose world , a credible voice in the international arena requires a creditable military capability and high-tech military technology .
America 's irritation with some of its European allies - Tony Blair 's UK being the noticeable exception - is understandable .
Lacking comparable technology , they lost tens of thousands of men and were eventually defeated .
He should not be duplicating what Argentina 's President and Foreign Minister are capable of doing .
But if it is implemented , in 3-5 years Argentina will look exactly like the country we have always known : a largely closed economy that remains dangerously vulnerable to external shocks .
Teach young people some basic marketing skills and then send them out to Argentina 's embassies . They will work wonders , unlike the cheap talk of Ambassador Amadeo at Washington dinner tables .
Having taxpayers cover the costs of university education is indeed redistributive , but in the wrong direction -- the beneficiaries are most often the children of comfortable European families .
In turn , the high tax rates needed to support the old discourage the young from working , creating a vicious cycle : ever increasing tax rates on a disappearing labor force , lower growth rates , and fewer resources available to support those that retire at 60 and live into their 90 's .
Even more remarkable is not the level of savings among the old , but how it changes over time .
But technology spreads rapidly : the same Windows or SAP programs are available in all countries , including Europe .
Indeed , at one European newspaper , articles that arrived via e-mail were re-typed by typographers : the technology for transferring them electronically was available , but not the work rules to allow the paper to apply it .
The European poor view inequality as an insurmountable social obstacle .
A famous academic paper about 20 years ago showed that a random walk was better at predicting short-run exchange rate movements than any fancy mathematical model based on selected economic variables .
If an exporting firm is only profitable when the Euro falls to $ 0.80 or $ 0.90 , it better start increasing productivity fast if it is to survive with the Euro back up at $ 1.17 .
It was innovation , and high productivity , not a weak currency , that enabled German and Japanese goods to conquer the world .
Similar moves are afoot throughout Europe , where the generosity of state-sponsored pension plans has become unsustainable , but reforming the system is almost impossible politically .
The EU does not have a common foreign policy and it will not have one in the foreseeable future , but this is no reason to continue to provide a preference to France and Britain .
But how much power they really wield in the G7 is debatable : America 's President , Secretaries of State and Treasury , and the Chairman of the US Federal Reserve almost certainly get their way more easily in a large , unwieldy group than they would in a smaller meeting where Europe spoke with a single voice .
It will not be long before even Europe 's more respectable conservative parties reach for rhetoric about `` foreigners coming here to feast off of our taxes . ''
Not to worry : the European welfare state will remain more generous than the stingy American one , but it may become more manageable and less intrusive .
This is a politically understandable but flawed policy .
Indeed , this is precisely what happened with the Russians : the most qualified have already gone to the US . Europe has been unable to attract much more than a few disreputable oligarchs , who migrated to the French Riviera , and a handful of lively street singers .
It was and remains much more profitable to retire earlier in Europe than in the US .
Inequality can be accepted , but not if it is the fruit of corruption , and this remains China 's foremost social problem , which the Party has been unable to eradicate , despite Caijng 's exposés and the death penalty .
There is a more mundane reason why many , even within the Party , think that a democratic transition has become inevitable : the Party is simply losing control of the country .
Only the Baltic countries seem able to maintain sound fiscal policies .
So , after all the celebrations of European enlargement , we are left with a predictable set of problems : a `` union '' of countries with very different views on everything -LRB- from foreign policy to labor market policies -RRB- and different economic interests ; widespread disillusionment among voters in the new member states ; a constitutional process whose future is uncertain ; and all the usual political wrangling in Brussels between countries seeking to get as much power as possible .
Most of its reasonable proposals will soon become another example of forgotten good intentions .
Even without reforms , they will be able to afford a civilized form of life for many years to come .
Statistical evidence shows that a hypothetical former colony of France , following hideous policies , with dictatorial and objectionable regimes , would receive much more aid from France than a non-former colony struggling and trying to adopt decent polices .
Reasonable ways to measure corruption do exist ; we know which countries are more corrupt than others .
With this , tax receipts grow while debt remains stable . But over time , people learn to live with high inflation and insulate the economy from its effects , thus reducing the revenues gained by the `` inflation tax . ''
Across South America there is an almost perfect correlation between the revenue gained from the inflation tax and various measures of poverty , because the poor are the least able to protect themselves from the inflation tax .
The real issue in Brazil today is not whether a 3.8 % primary surplus is sufficient to keep the debt stable , but whether the economy can survive its burden of distortionary taxes .
The problem of Latin America lies in its high level of government spending , the lack of a solid upper and middle class ready to pay taxes to support it , and the inability to produce politicians able to use tax revenues prudently and so break the cycle of populist demagoguery .
We plan to store this column carefully . Sadly , we will be able to use it again , with no change , at the next round of Latin American crises .
In the Airtours\/First Choice case , the Court ruled that the Commission failed to prove that the three leading tour operators , if merged , `` would have an incentive to cease competing with each other . '' The Court rejected the Commission 's conclusion that the merger would enable them `` to interpret each other 's business strategies more easily and to adopt those strategies themselves . ''
We are confident that Monti 's office could answer the Court 's criticisms and that reasonable people can disagree on the subtleties of whether these mergers threaten competition enough to be rejected .
In most European cities , taxi drivers are protected by limits on the number of licenses ; the number of notary publics in many countries is similarly restricted , and the price of their services-which are typically of little economic value , but inescapable under existing administrative procedures -- correspondingly high .
Such agreements , which often dismantle not only tariffs but other regulatory barriers , may appear unassailable .
The most important lesson of APEC 's failure is a recognition of the enormous difficulty found in constructing a broad enough , and yet politically acceptable , package when trade negotiations are limited to particular beneficiaries .
Through months of bilateral contact and negotiation among ministers , we have succeeded in whittling down the outstanding issues to a point where a fair and balanced overall package is achievable .
I believe that we can settle this most difficult question in an equitable way .
Personally , Blix is amiable and has a sense of humor ; politically he is weak and easily fooled .
I can think of few European officials less suitable for a showdown with Saddam Hussein .
The dictator could use these arms himself or make them available to terrorist organizations .
Up to a point , this is understandable .
In Budapest , Wallenberg exploited every available contact , resorting to shady tricks , bribes , and other stratagems to save as many people as possible from the Holocaust .
But if the EU ever begins to offer China extensive exports of powerful and offensive weapons systems , the military power of the People 's Liberation Army would be able to defeat Taiwan 's defense forces .
It is inconceivable that multilateral negotiations could result in a breakthrough toward a diplomatic solution while North Korea is actively engaged in pursuing its nuclear weapons program .
South Korea and Japan need to have their views taken into serious account if this now inevitable withdrawal is to succeed .
Finally , significant assistance and investment in research and development from wealthy countries is needed , so that free TB treatment is truly available and accessible to all .
The Cyprus problem has reached a critical turning point , following a peace proposal put on the table by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan with a deadline impending at the end of February .
By the 1970 's , however , advertising campaigns targeted `` liberated '' women , telling them that smoking was not only acceptable , but desirable .
Overall military pay is relatively flat -- that is , it does not go up and down depending on performance , and it is also lower than for comparable positions in civilian firms .
If we focus on training teachers in how to inspire their students to identify with their school -- rather than teaching students to take standardized tests -- we just might be able to reproduce these schools ' great results .
Back then , it was called `` Uzbekistan '' and was nothing more than an obligatory culinary demonstration of the supposedly unbreakable union of the USSR 's fifteen fraternal republics .
Yet the pogrom at the Sakharov museum provoked a chain reaction of similar attacks on contemporary art by Orthodox fundamentalists whom the church has been unable to control .
The Turkish state has kept the Halki Seminary , the only institution able to train Orthodox priests , closed since 1971 .
Carbon monoxide levels have reached crisis levels , at six times the maximum allowable concentration .
In many towns and villages , there was no electricity , so water pumps were not operable . `` No one even tried to save us , '' they wailed to Putin , who was accompanied by the regional governor , Valery Shantsev .
The Globalization of Science SAN FRANCISCO -- Science provides an invaluable source of guidance to individuals and governments .
The IAC 's most recent effort , entitled Lighting the Way : Toward a Sustainable Energy Future , presents an ambitious science-based agenda for meeting the world 's enormously challenging energy requirements .
Many have traveled abroad , and all have seen foreign films , from which they have learned that people of their social status in the West have a far more comfortable life than they do .
A struggle for the restitution of constitutional rights in Russia first became noticeable in 2009 .
Most recently , the Internet has become a means of public control over civil-rights violations by the authorities , as images taken with mobile phones become available instantaneously to all .
Today 's EU diverges enormously from these principles -LRB- see table -RRB- , as is demonstrated by the fact that agriculture , which represents 2 % of European GDP , accounts for 40 % of EU expenditures . Activities of EU Institutions -LRB- percent of total -RRB- Source of Table : `` What Does the European Union do ? ''
But they can succeed by displaying comparable wisdom and foresight .
High prices also enabled the Coalition Provisional Authority to add even more private security personnel to protect refineries and pipelines .
Under even the best circumstances for Iraq , with oil prices remaining high , the funds available to maintain and modernize the oil industry are limited .
Theoretically , international loans could be an alternative , but who would lend to an unstable government , let alone a government whose legitimacy has not been fully established ?
For the foreseeable future , one of the principal outcomes of the invasion of Iraq will be greater volatility and thus higher prices .
An energy crisis in this case is almost certain if those who press for energy independence fail to provide a workable alternative in a timely manner .
Of course , these efforts will almost surely fail to replace oil within a reasonable time , as they are not market-driven and require heavy subsidies .
Thus , if alternative energy technologies did not come on-line by the time oil production started to fall , global shortages would become inevitable , while closing the investment deficit would take years , even in the face of rising oil prices .
Major oil exporters could then seek to use their now less-valuable oil at home as cheap fuel for an expanded heavy industrial sector .
Only long-term , market-oriented , economically viable , and sustainable energy options can ensure economic growth in both producing and consuming countries .
No matter how energy independence is pursued , it will never amount to anything other than an unattainable -- and potentially dangerous -- fantasy .
Iran 's natural gas resources , if developed , would not be a substitute for cheap nuclear power , because gas is more profitable in other uses than in power generation .
Ironically , an Iranian civilian nuclear program would enhance US and world energy security by making more oil and gas available in the global market .
In the long run , however , statistical analysis of various oil industry variables indicates that a weaker dollar affects supply by reducing production , regardless of whether oil is owned and produced by national or international oil companies .
Such brazen corruption would be laughable if its effects were not so debilitating to the country .
Among its avowed priorities , UNESCO lists gender equality , universal education , sustainable development , and ethics .
Given the mountain of evidence of corruption and money-laundering by Obiang , his family , and his associates , as well as the deplorable living conditions that people in Equatorial Guinea endure , how is it possible that UNESCO agreed to accept Obiang 's money and name a prize in life sciences after him ?
Three years later , Operation Artemis , a comparable EU mission in the eastern province of Ituri , again demonstrated Europe 's resolve to use its military capability to underpin a long-term peace process .
Some African countries are comparatively stable and prosperous , and the Continent possesses a youthful population that will soon top one billion people , abundant mineral reserves , and an inherent dynamism .
Moreover , when a crisis is winding down and there are openings for moderating influences , outside intervention can prove instrumental in enforcing peace and bringing warring factions to the negotiating table .
Just by virtue of being there , the force shows the goodwill and commitment of the nations that sent it , and , by projecting a sense of law and order , it provides valuable leverage for honest brokers trying to mediate a peace deal .
Europe 's policy toward Africa may suffer shortcomings , but at least there is a policy , which is based on supporting African states and regional organizations like the African Union whenever practicable , necessary and , above all , requested .
Yet , taken together , the EU countries possess a considerable array of assets , including the military capability needed to conduct decisive operations .
Yet their most valuable asset is cultural : soldiers who are willing and able to interact with the local population , who are cautious in their use of lethal force , and who are ready to accept the many shades of gray that exist between conflicting parties .
Key military figures ' tacit backing for the Turkish Parliament 's refusal to endorse the March 2003 US-led invasion of Iraq suggests that Turkish nationalism could unite the AKP 's rank-and-file MPs with their otherwise implacable foes in the secular camp .
Israel 's two most irreconcilable enemies , Iran and Syria , are in fact among the most vocal supporters of Turkey 's hard-line stance towards the Kurds .
The benefits of a monetary union based on a stable macroeconomic framework and governed by an independent central bank are manifest : the euro area has enjoyed low inflation and low interest rates for much of the last decade , a boost in trade and investment , and rapid integration of financial markets .
First , the euro has eliminated the possibility of exchange-rate turbulence and speculative currency attacks that more vulnerable economies could have expected in the current turmoil .
As a stable and strong world currency , the euro is also limiting exchange-rate instability globally .
Such rapid , coordinated steps by 16 national central banks would have been unthinkable .
Thanks to an environment favorable to export-oriented firms and , most notably , to wage discipline , Germany began to post significant balance-of-payment surpluses .
The `` PIIGS '' -LRB- Portugal , Italy , Ireland , Greece , and Spain -RRB- greatly benefited from the euro , thanks not only to the removal of currency-related trade barriers , but also because their interest rates suddenly fell to levels unthinkable in pre-euro times .
Before the euro , a country facing a public-finance crisis would have been forced into a predictable , hopeless sequence : devaluation of its currency , followed by inflation , which alleviated the public-debt burden .
They already have shown remarkable determination , providing grounds to be optimistic that this time things will , indeed , be different .
-LRB- The developing world has been largely absent in this debate , with notable exceptions in the form of indignation about unfairness built into the status quo , peppered with obstructionism . -RRB-
Current and probable future levels of global connectivity and interdependence enable and require us to commence this conversation .
Whether or not we realize it , we have comparable conversations every day .
A slight move of the steering wheel in the wrong direction would wreak havoc , but we cruise carefree , because we have reasonable expectations about the behavior of other drivers .
In some African countries , fewer than 15 % of cancer patients survive for five years following diagnosis of cervical and breast cancer , diseases that are highly curable elsewhere in the world .
Vaccines against hepatitis B and human papillomaviruses , if made available at affordable prices , could contribute significantly to the prevention of liver and cervical cancers , respectively .
The United Nations General Assembly 's Summit on Non-Communicable Diseases in September provides an opportunity to focus the world 's attention on cancer in developing countries .
America would benefit not less than Europe from an effective system of global governance in the achievement of its goals -- be it freer trade , a viable non-proliferation regime , containment and prevention of regional conflicts , or better regulated financial markets .
It should therefore do away with the traditional ambivalence of demanding a more mature and active Europe on one hand , all the time feeling uncomfortable with it on the other .
A sober assessment of this process leads me to assert that a more capable and united Europe will usher in a more effective Atlantic Alliance and not , as some believe , in American disengagement from European commitments .
The concept of Europe is not immutable , and rightly so .
A new and functional division of labor between Europeans and Americans is thus conceivable , provided it retains the framework of common political commitments and shared responsibilities .
This would be unhealthy and make the transatlantic compound unsustainable .
A stable Euro makes stronger cooperation possible and desirable : not only to prevent global financial instability but to avoid the risk of conflicting currency blocs arising .
Provided that the Bush Administration pragmatically pushes for more trade liberalization , we will be able to deepen transatlantic market integration , which will act as a boost for our economies .
The WTO , but also the IMF and World Bank , must understand the evolving needs of those societies most vulnerable to the impact of globalization .
The December 11-12 European Council should signal clearly the timetable envisaged for re-opening the Lisbon Treaty 's ratification process . Failure to do so would bring the risk of still greater political problems after next June 's European elections .
The global nature of the current crisis makes it plain that Europe must be able to decide quickly and coherently , or suffer adverse consequences .
The sovereign right of the Irish people to decide their own future is unchallengeable .
One push is for governments to provide for their people ; the other calls for governments to stop restricting their people 's freedom , particularly their economic liberty . The first type of reform will likely only exacerbate the Arab world 's grave problems ; the second offers hope for positive and sustainable change .
The dominant `` handout approach '' is not sustainable , and , if continued , would likely exacerbate the Arab world 's current economic malaise .
In international law , debt that is incurred without the consent of the people , and that is not used to their benefit , is referred to as `` odious '' ; as such , it is not considered transferable to successor regimes .
But , by delivering exports directly to Germany , Russia will be able to cut off gas to Ukraine , Poland , and the Baltic states without directly affecting West European supplies -- and Russia 's recent behavior indicates that this is a real threat .
For believers in a more united Europe , closer cooperation on defense is self-evidently desirable .
Supporters of a common EU foreign\/defense policy see a Europe capable of looking after its own defense as a better partner for the US .
The Rapid Reaction Force , it is said , should be capable of fulfilling the so-called `` Petersberg '' tasks .
Because all EU governments know that , for the foreseeable future , Europe will be capable of only modest military operations there is no great value in defining now how the Rapid Reaction Force will be used .
Unfortunately , at this moment , none is prepared for these unenviable , yet inevitable , tasks .
Europe 's Financial Vulnerability VIENNA -- The most notable innovations of the past two decades have been financial .
But the yield on such reserves is small , so economizing on them is profitable .
Moreover , increasing a bank 's leverage can be very profitable when returns on investments exceed the cost of funding .
Perhaps the most tragic aspect of this story is the exploitation of low-income families involved in the so-called sub-prime mortgage crisis , whereby variable-rate mortgages were offered to customers with a low credit rating .
In fact , `` variable rate '' is a misnomer , since these mortgages ' artificially low initial interest rates were pre-programmed to include a big rate hike after a couple of years .
The banker did not question a bonus system that favors one year of super profits , followed by bankruptcy , over two years of moderate , but stable , results .
Any fund manager who claims to have been deluded by the apparently favorable risk-yield characteristics of CMOs or related credit instruments can be accused of having fallen for Milton Friedman 's `` free lunch . ''
Rising labor costs are inevitable .
Although Chinese exports have begun to recover in 2010 , the impact of the financial crisis remains palpable .
Larger firms are more capable of pooling resources for research and development , which is the key to China 's aspirations to climb the value ladder .
Compared to many developing countries , China 's government is stable and embraces foreign investment .
Further , as low-end , low-cost labor jobs morph towards higher-end , higher-cost jobs , China will move not only into more valuable manufactured goods , but also into the service industries , such as design .
One of the major principles upon which this vision is based is the idea of `` partnerships '' -- a major prerequisite for the achievement of dynamic , efficient , and sustainable development .
Genuine partnership is difficult to achieve when resource-rich countries view foreign mining and drilling companies only as adversaries , seeking unfair and inequitable contracting agreements .
By contrast , partnerships are strengthened if companies and governments recognize their shared interest in durable , mutually beneficial contracts that ensure stable revenue streams from projects .
This requires a framework that takes into account , among other things , developmental possibilities , environmental concerns , labor conditions , and community interests , and that is adaptable to changing circumstances .
For governments , contracts are more likely to be durable if they are negotiated in a way that enables countries to receive fair and predictable long-term revenues .
For companies , contracts are more likely to be durable if they are negotiated in a way that continuously rewards firms for risky and capital-intensive investment in terms of the net present value of their earnings .
As a result , the contracts that are negotiated often do not meet the criteria described above -- to the disadvantage not only of governments , but also of firms interested in durable contracts .
In the absence of conditions for equitable negotiations , governments often deem the resulting contracts unfair -- thus dooming them to be breached at some point .
But some vulnerable countries are still struggling to finance countercyclical investment and expanded social protection services .
An equitable and fair global architecture means not only giving a greater say to the major emerging economies .
But the pace of change needs to be speeded up , ensuring that the IMF in particular is able to adapt to post-crisis challenges .
Architectural and institutional reform has to be complemented by a third achievement : agreement on a timetable for tackling the variety of biased trade rules , bloated subsidy regimes , intellectual property rules and other forms of market distortion which heavily disadvantage the developing world .
We also have to find a way to provide funding for adaptation and mitigation -- to protect people from the impact of climate change and enable economies to grow while holding down pollution levels -- while guarding against trade protection in the name of climate change mitigation .
Sceptics fear that now that the collective financial threat is perceived , rightly or wrongly , to be manageable , the Pittsburgh Summit will result in a weak compromise that reflects divergent national interests rather than a sense of urgency about tackling climate change , chronic poverty and ineffective global governance .
We tried to change our flights and return to Nigeria , but there were no flights available .
It is faring very well -- and is set to become increasingly profitable .
Turkey 's reform process shows that the latter is not an unavoidable destiny for the countries of the region .
Turkey , of course , did not join the US-led occupation forces in Iraq , but it has put enormous effort into mobilizing regional support for a stable Iraqi state .
During the recent years of abundant global liquidity , the real grew stronger and the central bank was able to pile up foreign reserves , creating a cushion that totaled roughly $ 185 billion in late January , an amount sufficient to cover the entire foreign debt for the first time in history .
Indeed , should the global economy deteriorate further , outward portfolio investment could accelerate , reducing the financing available to Brazilian corporations and eventually affecting their ability to invest .
The positive growth outlook , following an estimated 5.1 % GDP gain in 2007 , is presented as a reliable defense against external contagion .
She knows that Brazil 's progress under Lula was supported by stable economic growth , higher social transfers to poor households through programs such as Bolsa Familia , and democracy .
Without a structural transformation , Brazil will not be able to maintain its growth for long .
So the main challenge for the new president will be to continue Lula 's effort to build a new relationship between the public and private sectors -- a model capable of combining transparency and proactive measures that neither devolves into centralizing statism nor surrenders to the markets .
Brazilian politics has n't always been admirable .
Sixty years ago , the Universal Declaration of Human Rights recognized that both freedom from want and freedom from fear are indispensable preconditions for a dignified life . The Declaration unequivocally linked destitution and exclusion with discrimination and unequal access to resources and opportunities . Its framers understood that social and cultural stigmatization precludes full participation in public life and the ability to influence policies and obtain justice .
Today -- sometimes across borders , sometimes within them -- once-unthinkable wealth exists alongside extreme poverty and all its social ills .
Costa Rica is the region 's most stable democracy , a place where peace , nature , and education are valued above all .
There is undeniable wisdom in those words , but it is time to reevaluate what `` good fences '' really are .
Change seems just as inevitable .
For that reason , it is demonstrating a degree of fragility that is comparable to the Shah 's regime in the latter part of the 1970 's .
Earlier this month , Ezattolah Sahabi , who was a member of the revolutionary provisional government in 1979 , issued a statement in Tehran stating categorically that `` a revolution in today 's Iran is neither possible nor desirable . ''
Although such incidents reveal a troubling level of mistrust between the Chinese and Japanese that is not merely a product of media coverage , it is noteworthy that both governments have worked consistently , diligently , and with considerable success to resolve such problems and contain their political fallout .
Few organizations in Chile have been as capable or as successful as those dedicated to human rights .
To the extent that Chileans do so , they will create the conditions for a more dignified and honorable society .
One and a half million Egyptians and many other foreign nationals , including British citizens , are in Libya and now are in an extremely vulnerable position .
The problem is that the Libyan army has not been able to act cohesively since the protests began , in contrast to the Egyptian and Tunisian armed forces .
Arab authoritarian regimes , unlike others that have given way to democracy , are incapable of self-reform ; they have , however , mastered the tactics needed to prolong the life spans of their aging despotisms .
Abimael Guzmán , the leader of the Maoist Shining Path in Peru , and Abdullah Ocalan , the leader of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party -LRB- PKK -RRB- in Turkey , are notable examples of this .
Che Guevera was far more valuable to leftist militancy after his death than he was while alive .
And , like guerrilla movements of yore , Al Qaeda partakes of `` ideological front '' tactics : small urban cells and\/or vulnerable individuals subscribe to the ideology and self-recruit or self-start an affiliated cell .
Albania , Mongolia , and India successfully passed more complicated tests -- and offer some useful lessons in democratic transitions under unfavourable conditions .
Of the many factors that have decreased the share of consumption in China 's economy , declining household disposable income has been central .
Larger dividends paid to the budget from the highly profitable state-enterprise sector could also provide an alternative source of funds .
In addition , a comprehensive nationwide housing policy is urgently needed to ensure that housing remains affordable , particularly for those on limited incomes .
Similarly , broadening the range of available savings instruments could raise household disposable income and increase consumption .
Together with the former Communists and the Greens , the left held a comfortable 12-15 % lead over the four non-socialist parties .
This margin shrank dramatically during the campaign , and the left retained power by the skin of its teeth , but the lead ultimately proved insurmountable .
But he has done nothing remarkable since winning again in 1998 .
In one stroke , Putin has jeopardized his considerable accomplishments .
Putin is too jealous of power to delegate . Because he wants to make all decisions , he replaced a strong prime minister and chief of staff with two men unable to make decisions .
The question is no longer whether Putin will really leave office when his term ends in 2008 , but whether he will be able to save himself that long .
The role of business is palpable on both sides .
The not very profitable state-owned Vneshtorgbank , for example , is on a buying spree , aggravating the quality of Russian banking .
Initially , he acted as an able diplomat and accommodator , but since his Munich speech , Putin has begun uniting the West against Russia .
Russia 's leaders have earned a reputation for being unreliable , quixotic , and unpredictable , but markets like trustworthiness , stability , and predictability .
A reasonable guess would be that Moscow 's astronomic real-estate prices will fall by at least two-thirds .
High-level corruption is so rampant that Russia appears unable to build major public infrastructure projects .
Most remarkable was the victory of Latvian Prime Minister Valdis Dombrovskis on October 2 .
However rare changes in reserve currencies have been historically , the current situation is no longer tenable ; but a switch could further destabilize the world economy .
Relative US military power is not likely to be this great ever again , and China 's military rise looks as inevitable as its economic success .
The predicament of the West remains lamentable .
For the first time , a country in the region is matching its aspirations with the concrete steps needed to become a viable candidate for eventual membership in Euro-Atlantic institutions .
If the EU and NATO decide to launch a bold outreach strategy for the region , they will be able to draw on existing tools , conceptual talent , and practical experience .
There is no stable solution in sight for Abkhazia and South Ossetia .
As welcome as Clinton 's recent clear words were on the need to defend the right of countries to decide their own fate , you do n't have to go very far in Europe to hear whispers that some kind of new `` Finlandization '' might be a reasonable compromise for countries like Ukraine and Georgia .
In Syria , it seems inevitable that protest may soon crack the regime 's brittle political immobility .
However the WikiLeaks cables show that the Syrian leadership told the Iranian regime not to count on it in any war with Israel because it is too weak .
On the contrary , with a young , well-educated population unable to find suitable work , the regime has created its own cadre of potential protestors , who are aware that it is using empty slogans to keep the state of emergency and stay in power .
Syria is particularly vulnerable in this regard , as extremists incite violence against minority religious groups by using , for example , television stations in Saudi Arabia and Egypt .
If it did - and if it met those demands - Islamists would not be able to hijack the demonstrations .
A big slice of President Barack Obama 's $ 825 billion stimulus package for the United States includes a boost to renewable energy , `` weatherizing '' a million homes , and upgrading the country 's inefficient electricity grid .
In South Africa , the government-backed Working for Water initiative -- which employs more than 30,000 people , including women , youth , and the disabled -- also sees opportunity in crisis .
Others may be unsure about the potential returns from investing in ecosystem services such as forest carbon storage or in renewable energy for the 80 % of Africans who have no access to electricity .
Spent wisely , however , these stimulus packages could trigger far-reaching and transformational trends , setting the stage for a more sustainable , urgently needed Green Economy for the twenty-first century .
The trillions of dollars that have been mobilized to address current woes , together with the trillions of investors ' dollars waiting in the wings , represent an opportunity that was unthinkable only 12 months ago : the chance to steer a more resource-efficient and intelligent course that can address problems ranging from climate change and natural-resource scarcity to water shortages and biodiversity loss .
Instead , political leaders must use these windfalls to invest in innovation , promote sustainable businesses , and encourage new patterns of decent , long-lasting employment .
Black carbon , which absorbs heat from the sun , also accounts for anywhere from 10 % to more than 45 % of the contribution to global warming , and is also linked to accelerated losses of glaciers in Asia , because the soot deposits darken , ice making it more vulnerable to melting .
The international community 's over-arching concern must be to seal a serious and significant deal at the United Nations climate summit in Copenhagen in December to curtail C02 emissions and assist vulnerable countries to adapt .
If the world also is to deploy all available means to combat climate change , emissions of all substances that contribute to it must be scientifically evaluated and urgently addressed .
MEXICO CITY -- The recent killing of Ignacio Coronel Villarreal , a boss of the Sinaloa drug gang , by Mexican special forces is but the latest high profile killing in an increasingly violent campaign . But is a strategy of killing off Mexico 's drug kingpins really viable ?
Only two are advisable , but they are not easy to apply and success is not guaranteed .
Calderón is trying to check the gangs ' capacity for violence and diminish their economic resources , but he still has not been able to implement a plan that is both successful and minimizes the cost in lives .
Both alternatives are unpalatable .
Arab countries , already questionable allies in the war against fellow Muslims in Afghanistan , will be even less reliable in a war against fellow Arabs .
With the current much more open regime in Teheran , Riyadh can also be convinced that the dangers from an Iranian-controlled Shi'a entity in southern Iraq are less formidable now than they were in 1991 .
America 's mounting difficulties in setting up a coherent form of government in Iraq , let alone a democratic one , inspire a question that most statesmen consider unthinkable : is it possible that there is no way to re-constitute Iraq as one state , and that alternative options must be considered , unpalatable as they may appear ?
There is no doubt today that Croatia and Serbia -- despite their difficulties -- stand a better chance of becoming more or less stable democracies than if they were still fighting for mastery among themselves within the Procrustean bed of the former Yugoslavia .
Even the pacific Czechs and Slovaks found it easier to develop their respective democratic structures through a velvet divorce rather than be joined in an unworkable marriage .
The time has come to think the unthinkable , about creating a Kurdish state in the north , an Arab Sunni one in the center around Baghdad , and an Arab Shi'ite state in the south around Basra .
In the Kurdish region of northern Iraq , however , the situation is completely different : in the last ten years , under the protection of the Allies ' no-fly zone , and even more so since the toppling of Saddam , the Kurdish regional government has been able to establish and sustain a relatively orderly administration .
Equally commendable has been the Greek Cypriot strategic decision to follow a Gandhi-like policy of non-violence : while there is deep bitterness about the Turkish occupation , and the fact that Turkish settlers were implanted in the North , the Greek Cypriot community decided not to use violence against the occupation .
But then again , the Republic of Cyprus is a democracy , while the Palestinians have not been able to emancipate themselves from the violent militarized option that has brought them such misery .
First , there was strong external pressure : confronted and exasperated by Arafat 's deviousness and autocratic style , the United States and the European Union clearly told the Palestinians that any future support for their quest for independence would depend on their going through a reasonably acceptable democratic process .
Finally , Palestinians have been exposed not only to the obvious hardships of occupation while living under Israeli rule for the better part of four decades ; they were also able to experience , at close range , a liberal democracy at work - a free press , an independent judiciary , and political pluralism .
That withdrawal was based on the conviction that the gaps between the Israeli and Palestinian positions are too wide to enable meaningful negotiations .
These look like reasonable conditions to any outside observer .
On the contrary , the text legitimizes continuing attacks against Israeli civilians in the West Bank , making it unacceptable to Israel -- and to the international community .
How could a small militia , numbering less than a few thousand combatants , survive the onslaught of the Middle East 's most formidable military machine ?
Precisely because Israelis are aware of the constant security threat facing their country , they have always believed that their leaders should be able to lead Israel in war -- but also to ask the military tough questions when diplomacy may fail .
Peretz was unable to gauge the strategic implications of his decisions .
Will Olmert and Peretz be able to stay on ?
Their coalition government enjoys a comfortable parliamentary majority ; nor does the political arithmetic imply a viable parliamentary alternative .
The Palestinians , however , never created similar embryonic state structures : an Arab Higher Committee was established , made up of regional and tribal notables , but no elections ever took place .
But what sometimes gets lost in this narrative is that , while practically all sectors of Palestinian Arab society rejected the UN plan , Palestinians were unable to devise coherent political institutions and a unified military command with which to confront the much smaller Jewish community .
By contrast , the besieged Jewish community , under David Ben-Gurion and the Jewish self-defense force -LRB- the Hagannah -RRB- was able to mobilize , through its democratic institutions and with only marginal dissent , the resources needed for a successful military campaign .
Disunity made the Arab defeat almost inevitable .
Arafat and his Fatah-based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services -- sometimes indistinguishable from clan-based militias -- which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authority 's budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation .
They now stand again at a crossroads , and whether they will be able to transcend their tragic heritage depends on them .
A few tough messages from President Richard Nixon stopped the Israelis in their tracks and enabled the Americans to start a lengthy process of de-escalation that led to a number of interim agreements .
In all these cases , American involvement was swift and focused on a clear aim , and compliance was verifiable within days , if not hours .
With Palestinians unable to agree among themselves on a minimal national consensus , how can peace be established between them and Israel ?
Second , with Likud 's Benjamin Netanyahu as prime minister , Israel now has a government which is far less likely to be willing -- or able -- to make major concessions and evacuate hundreds of thousands of Israeli settlers from the West Bank .
Instead , the consequence was a corrupt , militarized Palestinian Authority , with competing security services proved incapable of providing security .
After all the breakdowns in efforts to create a Palestinian state from the top down , only the old-fashioned way -- from the bottom up -- remains viable .
The Palestine National Authority is preparing to issue a unilateral declaration of independence , and it is taking concrete steps on the ground to make any such declaration viable .
But , after 15 months on the job , and innumerable visits to the region , all Mitchell has to show for his efforts is an agreement between Israel and the Palestinian Authority to start indirect `` proximity talks '' -- which it is hoped will lead to direct talks in due course .
Walking off the stage at Davos during a round-table debate with Israel 's President Shimon Peres might have gained Erdogan points in the Arab world , which has historically viewed Turkey with the suspicion owed to the old imperial ruler .
Whether these exaggerated hopes should be traced to Obama 's inexperience or to hubris -- or both -- is a moot point : what is clear is that , after 18 months and numerous visits to the region , Mitchell was able to achieve only an agreement in principle by Israel and the Palestinians to start talking to each other .
To bring them to the negotiating table again is not a breakthrough , but rather an attempt at damage control .
A stop to settlement activities in Palestinian territories is a reasonable demand , and the Palestinians could naturally insist on it in the negotiations .
But making a settlement freeze a precondition for negotiations was obviously unacceptable to the Israeli government , which maintained that no preconditions for negotiations should be set .
The reasons are more immediate than the intractable character of Middle East peace-making .
This was the most moderate Israeli government conceivable , and the same can be said about the Fatah movement controlling the Palestinian Authority .
Notwithstanding these failures , Turkey 's strategic stature did not suffer , partly because the diminution of US engagement under President Barack Obama enabled Turkey to fill the ensuing regional power vacuum .
Erdo?an 's policy re-orientation vis-à-vis Israel can be understood as an attempt not only to overcome traditional Arab suspicion of Turkey , given its imperial past , but also to present a more moderate Islamic alternative to theocratic Iran and its unpredictable president .
Only through this process will Serbia be able to rejoin the ranks of free and healthy European nations .
The international hue and cry for Milosevic to be brought to The Hague , regardless of political consequences , is understandable .
Is it really worth the risk of destabilizing Yugoslavia 's infant democracy to carry out trials that Yugoslavia 's government shows every sign of being able to carry out ?
Afghans ' fears and concerns are focused on what legacy will be left behind , and whether the Afghan state can provide security , justice , and good governance , which it has so far been unable to deliver in the face of an insurgency whose strength is not significantly weakened .
For this reason , perpetrators of serious human-rights violations on all sides should be held accountable , a demand that has been pointedly ignored since 2001 .
Afghans are demanding a political settlement to the conflict , which is the only means to stop the violence that disrupts their lives , promote political inclusion and accountability , and enable better governance .
Nothing is more fundamental to human security than health , which permits human choice , enables human freedom , and underpins human development .
Even as the disease burden in emerging-market cities shifts from infectious to chronic illnesses , urban populations remain vulnerable to epidemic disease , childhood diseases born of malnutrition , HIV\/AIDS , malaria , tuberculosis , and mental disorders rooted in unemployment and poverty .
They are also vulnerable to death and injury from natural disasters and traffic accidents -- and to the health consequences of social disorder and breakdown .
The speed of urban growth and the resulting concentration of poverty have overwhelmed the capacity of some national and municipal governments to provide services -- sustainable and affordable housing , clean water and sanitation , and education -- essential to urban public health .
But the concentration of people and economic activity in emerging-market cities and megacities does offer invaluable opportunities of scale for building health-related infrastructure and delivering health-care services .
This includes new and affordable technologies , such as low-cost mobile telephony for use by community-health workers .
Mobile telephones can help deliver affordable urban health care by serving as diagnostic tools for taking pictures , and by their usefulness for writing prescriptions and monitoring the condition of patients in low-income areas .
Estimates from the European Commission indicate that the dollar 's share in world trade fell from 56 % in 1980 to 52 % in 1995 -LRB- the latest year for which statistics are available -RRB- .
This would enable it to identify macroeconomic threats to stability and encourage best practices for supervisors and regulators .
More concessional finance will be available for low-income countries , and international liquidity will be increased by a hand-out of $ 250 billion in special drawing rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- .
First , the US saving deficit will need to be addressed in a sustainable manner .
These reserves are put to better use by assisting the IMF in maintaining an open and stable financial system and prevent crises like these from recurring
I believe that early adoption of the euro is not only possible , but preferable to delay .
As with structural convergence , EU candidates already outperform Spain , Portugal , and Greece at a comparable time before their EMU debut .
The culprit in this pessimistic view is the so-called `` Balassa-Samuelson '' effect : rapid productivity growth in the accession candidates ' tradable sectors - export manufacturing , for example - is pushing up real wages throughout their economies , including in non-tradable sectors like services .
But is early admission to EMU preferable to postponing membership ?
Together with Edmund Phelps -- this year 's Nobel Prize laureate -- he proved that there is no stable tradeoff between unemployment and inflation .
In his Newsweek columns published between 1966 and 1983 , and in his books Capitalism and Freedom , Free to Choose , and The Tyranny of the Status Quo -LRB- written with his wife , Rose -RRB- , Friedman offered a vision of liberty that was both appealing and achievable .
With remarkable clarity , his popular writings advanced a compelling political philosophy , together with concrete policy proposals .
Likewise , he expended considerable effort agitating against America 's military draft .
Interestingly , all the available measures of actual corruption were already declining before the Kaczy?ski twins were elected .
It is clear that there is no scope in the foreseeable future to extend the EU budget in order to increase fiscal transfers to eurozone members affected by sharp declines in consumption .
Meanwhile , the Stability and Growth Pact should be strictly enforced , which implies using and strengthening the available sanctions .
Gaining useful knowledge from animal research requires robust experimental findings : different scientists should be able to reproduce them in different locations .
Stress is generally defined as the state that results when the brain instructs the body to make changes in order to adapt to a new or excessive demand and the individual perceives that the demand will exceed the personal resources which he or she has available .
Although the environments of laboratory animals are usually well controlled in terms of lighting , temperature , and humidity , there are many uncontrolled sources of noise in animal facilities , most of which derive from human activities . These include high-pressure hoses , cage cleaners , and air-conditioners\/heaters ; squeaking doors , carts , and movable chairs ; and jangling keys .
Apart from noise problems , research animals are often housed in small cages with no source of enrichment , such as wheels , shelves , or tubes . Such devices enable animals to exert some control over their environment , such as escaping an attack from a cage-mate by moving to another level in the cage or hiding .
These uncontrolled variables make the animals unsuitable subjects for scientific studies .
Normal and aberrant behaviors for each species could be agreed upon institutionally and a list made available to all investigators .
Designing an environment to suit animals ' psychological and physiological needs would be far preferable to the minimalism , otherwise known as `` standardization , '' that is currently employed .
Nobody has ever accomplished this , but ITER may be able to try around 2030 -- that is , if it solves the previous problem .
In France , the contribution to ITER is more than all the available funding for research projects in all our physics laboratories .
At the same time , the international community should support research on energy saving and storage , and accelerate the development of fourth-generation nuclear reactors , which will use fission and be both clean and durable .
Today , we are paying the price for not attending to Europe 's shared values and common mission . Until Europeans know precisely what Europe stands for , what inspires and motivates us , the Union will not be able to take joint action in the world .
These shared values are the glue that binds governments together in the recognition that clinging to pure self-interest is no longer reasonable when common concerns call for a common strategy .
The EU 's objectives are precisely those that countries are unable to achieve on their own , for example , a stronger economy and greater security .
National parliaments will be able to call a time-out if Brussels makes proposals that seem to interfere unnecessarily .
As a result , European citizens ' elected representatives will be better able to scrutinize the work of the Commission .
Peace , security , and prosperity are as vulnerable as they are valuable .
The new lifestyle is no longer sustainable .
Elsewhere , prisons in Rwanda are using their 30,000 inmates ' sewage to provide biogas for cooking and compost for growing vegetables .
Sunlabob , a private company in Laos , is renting solar lanterns to poor villagers , who find them more affordable than candles .
Singapore is using Newater , a treated form of wastewater that is potable .
Asia must leapfrog the unsustainable stage of development .
The Hague Tribunal is often blamed for burdening fragile reform governments in Croatia and Serbia with unreasonable requests that play into the hands of nationalist politicians .
For example , the pre-trial release of Biljana Plavsic , one of the most culpable of Bosnian Serb leaders , in exchange for her evidently ample testimony would make more sense had the Tribunal been equally accommodating on less culpable non-Serb defendants .
Other key steps include bringing into force the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty ; negotiating a verifiable treaty to end production of fissile material for use in weapons ; radically improving the physical security of nuclear and radioactive materials , which is vital to prevent them from falling into the hands of terrorists ; and strengthening the IAEA .
This would give countries confidence that they can count on reliable supplies of fuel to run their nuclear power plants , and therefore do not need to develop their own uranium-enrichment or plutonium-reprocessing capability .
The LEU would be available to countries in need on the basis of non-political and non-discriminatory criteria . It would be accessible at market prices to all states in compliance with their nuclear safeguards obligations .
Restoring stability and a fair democratic system to Moldova is important , first and foremost , because Moldovans deserve a government that is accountable .
A vocal minority of Moldova 's people believe that merging their country with Romania would put the country into the express lane to EU membership , with its generous financial perks and , perhaps most enticing of all , passports that would enable them to escape a no-hope economy to build lives elsewhere .
The last thing impoverished Moldovans need is an autocratic , unaccountable government that lacks sufficient imagination to find a way to revive the country .
In manufacturing and services -LRB- particularly software , business processing , etc. -RRB- , respectively , China and India have made huge strides internationally , and their acquisition of global companies has attracted considerable attention .
Similarly , while India 's information technology-enabled services have gained an international reputation , the total number of people employed in this sector is less than 0.5 % of India 's workforce . As such , it can not , by itself , transform the Indian economy .
This is attributable largely to public investment in rural infrastructure , and , in the initial period , to institutional changes in agrarian production organization and an egalitarian distribution of land-cultivation rights .
Feeling sympathy for Norway is hard . Thanks to its massive North Sea oil reserves , the country has achieved a level of wealth unimaginable only a generation ago - and which has allowed it to cold-shoulder the European Union since 1994 .
When a country 's newly discovered natural resource abundance leads to windfall wealth , investment in the rest of its economy shifts away from the tradeables sector -LRB- mainly manufactured exports -RRB- and into the nontradeables sector -LRB- mainly consumer goods and services -RRB- .
This has helped cause the exchange rate to strengthen by nearly 10 % over the last year against the currencies of Norway 's main trading partners , making the tradeables sector even less competitive .
The cycle thus takes another vicious turn : higher interest rates , continuing currency appreciation , further decimation of the tradeables sector , and the risk of more unemployment .
If Norway is to avoid succumbing to the Dutch disease , there can be only one solution . With the importance of the tradeables sector dwindling away , the nontradeables sector must increase its productivity and output .
With just 10-15 years of estimated oil reserves remaining , the United Arab Emirates last year dropped visa requirements for most Westerners in an effort to accelerate the development of a viable tourist trade .
The Shia focus on political reforms that would reflect their majority status . Aggrieved Sunnis , however , want socio-economic changes , such as affordable housing . And , whereas Egyptian protesters of all types found common ground in insisting that President Hosni Mubarak resign , Bahrainis will find it almost impossible to agree on a rallying cry .
Moreover , whereas in Egypt , historically a stable country , 18 days of chaos were enough to convince the military to restore order by ousting Mubarak , Bahrainis have greater experience with social unrest than Egyptians or Tunisians do .
Instead , they clung to hard-line positions , leaving Mubarak unable to find a solution to the impasse .
According to a US diplomatic cable released by WikiLeaks , Yemeni officials gave the Saudis the coordinates for al-Ahmar 's command center , telling them that it was a Houthi camp .
But if rebel troops are unable to advance toward the capital of Tripoli , and instead remain deadlocked with Qaddafi 's forces between the towns of Ajdabiyya and Brega , the opposition will face a serious dilemma .
Without a large influx of instructors and weapons , the rebels will not be able to advance toward the capital , Tripoli , in the coming months . Such a stalemate is likely to leave Libyans frustrated with the council .
In a few short weeks , the Libyan opposition has been able to win the support of the population in the east without accomplishing much more than forming a provisional political body .
This may be because mosques and Islamic associations find it difficult to compete with the promises of solace available through the Internet , where voices can address political issues , feed off injustices around the world , and launch calls to arms that can ultimately be murderous .
But such class-struggle terminology reminds people of the Cultural Revolution and , since such language would be unimaginable in inland China today , only makes Tibet seem more separate .
He was almost certainly referring to life during the Maoist years rather than the present , but his remarks enabled China to issue more media attacks and raise the political temperature further .
But foreign concerns about the status of China 's mandate in Tibet are understandable : Tibet is the strategic high ground between the two most important nuclear powers in Asia .
China could help to lessen growing tensions by recognizing these concerns as reasonable .
Western observers could accept the exiles ' assurances that their proposals on autonomy are negotiable and not bottom-line demands , rather than damning them before talks start .
The younger brother , Chime Namgyal , 38 , who is disabled , has been hospitalized since June 11 for serious injuries received whilst in custody .
These three cases are doubly inexplicable , because none of the three brothers has been accused of actually criticizing China , opposing the Communist Party , or even talking about politics .
If it is true , the case against Karma suggests that officials stationed in Tibetan areas may be gaining more power , able to reach out beyond their jurisdictions to pursue what appear to be little more than personal grievances .
But there is more to finding a solution than simply identifying those nations that are capable of feeding the rest of the world .
But , in a world where productivity differentials can be as great as one to 1,000 , it would be unwise to rely on markets alone to enable the poorest countries to expand their economies .
This is a sizeable commitment , but it may not be enough -- more needs to be done to increase agricultural production , to free up the potential of trade to address food insecurity , and to deal with the increasing impact of climate change on agriculture .
Biodiversity is essential for reliable and stable long-term food production .
Asia 's dynamic economies supply the world , and its remarkable economic growth has lifted millions out of poverty and created major new opportunities for investment and prosperity .
Global pandemics can spread faster ; a lack of secure and sustainable energy could push us into a worldwide recession ; and climate change , beyond its environmental consequences , could have serious geopolitical and social repercussions .
Building a sustainable European economy will help to ensure our peoples ' prosperity .
Remarkable growth in the emerging economies has lifted millions out of poverty and created major new opportunities for investment and prosperity .
Global pandemics can spread faster ; a lack of secure and sustainable energy could push us into a world-wide recession ; and climate change , beyond its environmental consequences , could have serious geopolitical and social repercussions .
Building a sustainable European economy will help to ensure our peoples ' prosperity .
To be sure , this is a dangerous product , and it did cause many families to fall into an unsustainable debt trap .
Such entities would be able to make investments that would not be possible otherwise .
The risk created by many of the regulatory measures under consideration in today 's crisis-scarred world is that they may end up over-regulating our markets to the point of blocking the emergence of valuable new products .
Instead of banning or freely allowing all dangerous products , we need to identify products that are valuable to some customers but not all -- call them `` prescription financial products '' -- and create a body of registered finance professionals -LRB- RFPs -RRB- who are empowered to certify the purchase of these products by individuals .
Without encumbering him with any prescription , I told him somewhat sheepishly that I was going on an extended foreign trip and wanted to keep a precautionary strip of antibiotic tablets with me .
State-guided economies can continue their rapid growth path , but ultimately they will need to make a transition to a suitable blend of the other two forms of `` good capitalism '' if they want to continue rapid growth .
They propose that the available scientific evidence suggests that fever is a universal , ancient , and usually beneficial response to infection , and that its suppression under most circumstances has few if any demonstrable benefits .
The increased focus on improving corporate governance has produced a demand for reliable standards for evaluating governance in publicly traded companies worldwide .
World Bank officials , shareholder advisers , and financial economists have all made considerable efforts to develop such standards .
RiskMetrics ' system , which is used by institutional investors around the world , attaches considerable weight to the arrangements governing contests for control .
In controlled firms , where the concern is diversion from minority shareholders , making directors even more responsive to the controller will likely make minority investors still more vulnerable .
To address such problems , arrangements that enable a minority of shareholders to veto related party transactions -- arrangements which are not warranted in widely held firms -- could well be valuable .
Finally , when assessing controlled companies , the independence of directors should not be judged largely by looking at the extent to which they are independent of the company on whose board they serve . Rather , considerable attention should be given to their independence from the controlling shareholder .
But , because publicly traded companies usually have a large amount of capital in place , lax rules would enable insiders to use this capital to their advantage .
Countries that are more developed , and have political systems that are more accountable to voters and less vulnerable to corporate lobbying , may lead to better corporate governance and investor protection rules .
Most importantly , the firms ' top executives regularly unloaded shares and options , and thus were able to cash out a lot of their equity before the stock price of their firm plummeted .
But the firms ' pay arrangements did not contain any `` claw-back '' provisions that would have enabled the firms to recoup the bonuses that had already been paid .
Executives should not be able to pocket and retain large amounts of bonus compensation even when the performance on which the bonuses are based is subsequently sharply reversed .
Had such compensation structures been in place at Bear Stearns and Lehman , their top executives would not have been able to derive such large amounts of performance-based compensation for managing the firms in the years leading up to their collapse .
Many investors are unable to examine the extent to which a bond fund 's high yield is due to risk-taking , and would thus benefit from a rating of the fund 's holdings .
Given past experience , we can not rely on market reputation to ensure that such ratings will be reliable .
On this view , if investors were able to take raters to court , raters ' incentives would improve .
But , while such judicial scrutiny may be effective in eliminating some egregious cases , it can not ensure that raters do the right thing when courts are not expected to be able to tell after the fact what the right thing was .
Such measures should focus on what makes ratings valuable for the investors who use them -- their accuracy in forecasting financial health .
Well , such a mechanism would indeed reduce raters ' negative incentives to compete with one another to please issuers of securities , and to pursue innovations and improvements that enable raters to serve issuers better .
But it would strengthen raters ' positive incentives to compete with one another to produce accurate ratings , and to pursue innovations and improvements that enable raters to achieve that far more socially beneficial goal .
While the targets of these organizations ' spending are disclosed , there is no public disclosure that enables investors in any public corporation to know whether their corporation contributes to such organizations and how much .
But , if the results of such tests are to be reliable , they should avoid the US tests ' fundamental flaw .
But does n't the banks ' ability to raise new equity capital indicate that , regardless of whether the stress tests are reliable , investors believe that their assets ' value does significantly exceed their liabilities ?
If in two years the bank 's assets have a 50-50 chance of appreciating to $ 1.2 billion or declining to $ 0.8 billion , the bank will be able to raise new equity capital : new investors will be willing to pay for the prospect of sharing in the excess of the value of assets over obligations if things turn out well .
To get a good picture of banks ' financial health , estimating the value of their toxic assets is unavoidable .
Although the financial sector lost more than half of its stock-market value during the last five years , executives were still able to cash out , prior to the stock market implosion , large amounts of equity compensation and bonus compensation .
But pay in financial firms also raises a second important source of concern : even if compensation structures are designed in the interests of shareholders , they may produce incentives for excessive risk-taking that are socially undesirable .
Are we to believe that those consequences are preferable to the unintended consequences of pay regulation ?
Political impediments often enable lax arrangements to linger even after they are recognized as inefficient .
By contrast , interest groups with big stakes in the rules follow corporate governance issues closely , and they lobby politicians to get favorable regulations .
Such discretion is both unnecessary and undesirable .
The freedom to time the moment they cash out enables executives to use the special knowledge they have about their companies to sell before a stock-price decline .
Indeed , it is a well documented fact that executives make considerable `` abnormal '' profits -- that is , above-market returns -- when trading in their own firms ' stock .
So , to be able to sell 100,000 shares from July to December of a given year and receive the average stock price during that period , an executive might , for example , have to announce the sale before the year begins .
Management then began to quietly spread word that the paper needed people able to `` negotiate '' with the sensibilities of the Communist Party .
They are China 's last pristine rivers , but are now slated for sacrifice to satisfy the country 's insatiable thirst for power .
The World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg is , as expected , contemplating numerous bold promises , but the meeting itself is doomed to be an exercise in futility .
For if we mean by ` development ' human development in its widest sense , the only development that is sustainable is one that enables people to live together in peace and with respect for basic human rights .
This is a retreat from the usual fixations of the earlier sustainable development pressure groups , such the supposed exhaustion of raw materials for growth , or the sheer technical inability of the world to feed its expanding population , or biodiversity .
Greater respect for human rights is not , of course , merely a desirable means towards the ends of poverty reduction and environmental protection . It also happens to be an important - often the most important - item of human welfare and development .
But heroic rescue efforts will not be able to help the government forever , so it is worth asking what can provide long-term political legitimacy .
But there is another answer , which takes the form of the old and venerable tradition of Confucianism , which is being revived by government officials , critical intellectuals , and ordinary citizens .
Indeed , left Confucianism 's departure from the status quo is precisely the point : it is meant to provide a moral standard for social critics and to inspire visions of a more desirable political future .
Today , the most viable alternative to China 's political status quo is left Confucianism .
Admittedly , Israeli governments have never liked the idea of negotiating peace with all enemies simultaneously , if only because the political costs of the required concessions would be unbearable .
With the Americans still refraining from engaging in a Clinton-like level of committed mediation , the parties look to be incapable of meeting each other 's minimal requirements for a settlement .
The muted response of the Arab states to Israel 's recent mysterious air raid on its territory reflects its isolation within the Arab world -- an isolation with which the Syrians are extremely uncomfortable .
It was clear to him that Israel was a nuclear power that , in October 1973 , had once again proven itself to be unbeatable in a conventional war -- a war Sadat himself had never expected to win when he launched it .
Perhaps Sadat might have opted to secure the American alliance without making peace with Israel if he had been able to do so . But he could not , and he knew it .
One lesson of Sadat 's initiative is that in protracted conflicts where deep emotions and historical hatreds are involved , when almost every conceivable diplomatic formula has been tried and failed , the shock of a visionary , generous , and imaginative step can open new paths .
Sadat gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment he fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
That Begin was able to rise to the occasion had much to do with the psychological impact of Sadat 's astonishing initiative .
But Britain 's military contribution to the war effort was not indispensable , so Bush did not have to heed Blair 's advice .
Now incapable of intimidating anyone , Britain has opted for developing its potential to inspire .
Notwithstanding its many setbacks in recent years , the US remains the only power capable of leading a global strategy that consists in balancing soft and hard power .
A loose and somewhat confused project , the Alliance of Civilizations aims to heal the wounds of conflict between Islam and the West through education , viable integration policies , and a better-informed dialogue with the media .
Nor is the claim that Islam is intrinsically inimical to innovation viable , because Muslim civilization has contributed mightily to science and art throughout history .
The `` surge '' will end sooner or later , and the Iraqis , crippled by violence and corruption , will still be incapable of uniting their polity , and , with their military still unable to take over from the Americans , jihadi and inter-ethnic violence is bound to erupt again .
The chances that the Bush administration might be able to rally America 's Sunni `` moderate '' allies in the region to help salvage an Israeli-Palestinian peace are now hostage to an Iranian-led regional axis that includes Hamas , Hezbollah , and Syria .
All are united in their rejection of a Pax Americana in the Middle East , and all have so far shown remarkable resilience in ignoring America 's pre-conditions for a dialogue .
Forty-one years later , Israel is still incapable of extricating itself from the corrupting occupation of Palestinian lands , and from the folly of settlements .
Zionism 's unique combination of democracy and utopianism enabled the Jews to recover their birthright and gave them a key to the future .
In that case , Syria would likely seize the opportunity to break the deadlock over the Golan Heights through a military move that could develop into a massive war of missiles targeting Israel 's vulnerable home front .
Nevertheless , peace with Syria could be a major building block in a wider Israeli-Arab settlement , and consequently of a more stable Middle East , though it is unrealistic to expect that Syria would automatically sever its special relationship with Iran in exchange for the Golan Heights .
Aside from the Annapolis talks , which seem to be going nowhere because of the parties ' irreconcilable differences over the core issues , all the other peace efforts are more tactical than strategic .
Lebanon is too vulnerable to pressure from Syria and Iran , neither of which wants to see their local clients relieve the Israelis of the burden of a `` Lebanese front '' before their own grievances are addressed .
Nor is Hezbollah keen to see the end of Israel 's occupation of the Sheba Farms on the Lebanon border undermine its claim to the formidable independent military force that it has built with Iranian and Syrian help .
The concept of interim agreements has now become utterly obsolete , if only because the parties are incapable of paying the political price inherent in an open-ended , piecemeal process .
For both Israelis and Palestinians , achieving internal peace might prove as formidable a challenge as establishing peace with each other .
But there is no need to reinvent the wheel , because the solution to the Arab-Israeli conflict is embodied in the main peace plans that are already on the table : the Clinton peace parameters , and the all-Arab peace initiative .
Fifteen years after the Madrid Conference began a formal peace process between Israelis and Palestinians , the parties are wiser as to what is inevitable if this tortuous process is to lead to a permanent settlement .
Their policies are about more than spreading terror and revolution ; they are about promoting negotiable interests .
Europe , dependent as it is on Russian energy supplies , is not prepared for a new Cold War , and its alternative to Russian oil -- Iran -- is not palatable to the Americans .
Indeed , it affects the entire Arab world , particularly the vulnerable Gulf countries , and even Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Nor is the presence of America 's formidable might in today 's Iraq comforting to them .
The looming end of President Hosni Mubarak 's long rule in Egypt might lead to the emergence of a formidable bid by the Muslim Brotherhood for power in Cairo , possibly forcing Mubarak 's successor either to reach a modus vivendi or to wage a fight to the death .
Obama may soon learn that his timetable for withdrawal from Iraq is unrealistic .
As a government , Hamas is to be judged by its capacity to provide security and decent governance to Gaza 's population , but as a movement it is incapable of betraying its unyielding commitment to fight the Israeli occupier to the death .
But Hamas 's brinkmanship is a dangerous exercise , for a low-intensity conflict can easily degenerate into an all-out flare-up if its rockets cause a politically unbearable number of casualties on the Israeli side .
Are some Europeans , many Israelis ask , attempting to use Israel as a means to rid themselves of guilt over the Jewish question , and with it the Jews ' unbearable claim to moral superiority , by lightheartedly equating them with the perpetrators of the Shoah ?
Israel should not , however , rejoice at being so far away from Europe , because Europe 's way is not far-fetched ; the world can not be allowed to operate for long outside a reasonable international system of rules and laws .
Instability is a threat to those interests , and with Europe becoming a cosmopolitan continent with a huge Muslim population , the Arab-Israeli conflict has , for Europeans , an undeniable domestic dimension as well .
The vigorous and equitable reaction of European leaders to the Gaza war , and the visit of five of them to Jerusalem to help seal the ceasefire can , now that President Obama has launched his `` aggressive '' quest for peace in the region , launch a promising era of American-European partnership in Middle East peacemaking .
Donald Rumsfeld 's dogma of military `` transformation '' -- the technological upgrading of an army 's capacity to enable decisive victory with fewer troops -- failed resoundingly in Iraq .
Indeed , while wars from the time of Hannibal 's defeat of the Romans in 216 B.C. to the Gulf War of 1991 had this center of gravity , with a massive concentration of force capable of bringing an enemy to its knees , such industrial inter-state wars have now become an historical anachronism .
The insurgents in Iraq , as the British admit , were able in just three years to cope with their enemies ' technological superiority in a way that the IRA in Northern Ireland was unable to do in 30 years .
Only better-informed foreign policies that can address the genuine anxieties of civilizations in crisis will yield more sustainable results .
Even a revolutionary president will not depart from America 's core commitments to an Israel that fights for reasonable and morally defensible positions .
It is because Netanyahu is driven by an almost Messianic determination to prevent Iran from acquiring the means to destroy Israel , that he might be amenable to a fundamental change in his position on Palestine , provided Obama makes visible headway in his drive to stop Iran 's nuclear program .
His secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , underscored this tendency during her first visit to China , where her unmistakeable message was that order and stability take priority over liberty and human rights .
He maintained a constitution , and held elections , but this did not make him a democratic ruler , nor was he able to extricate his country from appalling backwardness despite its tremendous potential for economic development .
What is remarkable is that it has lasted so long . ''
By abandoning ambiguity and taking its own bomb out of the `` basement , '' Israel might be able to affirm its capacity for nuclear deterrence more convincingly , and , more importantly , enhance a serious debate about the urgency of a nuclear-free zone in the Middle East .
The restitution of lands occupied in 1967 will obviously continue to be indispensable to resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , but it is the legacy of the 1948 war that both parties to the conflict have now put at the center of the debate .
The Palestinians must align their national conversation with what is realizable , while Israel must resolve its own contradictions and address the refugee problem in a way that secures the legitimacy and durability of a future peace agreement with the Palestinians .
Only an acceptable deal on the refugees can definitely close the 1948 file -- and only then can the conflict in Palestine end .
Nor is it conceivable that the US or Britain would have been called to account by the Geneva Commission , itself composed by some of the most brutal abusers in the world , for the massive casualties they inflicted on civilians in Iraq and Afghanistan .
But , however understandable Israel 's sense of being wrongfully treated might be , it should hold itself to higher standards , and avoid entrenching itself behind the walls of its own convictions .
A show of devastating force , with limited Israeli casualties at the price of an unlimited number of Palestinian civilian casualties , is no longer internationally sustainable .
A stable and secular Afghanistan is therefore a vital strategic necessity for India .
The Istanbul Cooperation Initiative of 2004 , triggered by the trauma of the 9\/11 attacks , holds far greater potential , for it transforms NATO 's relations with friendly states in the Middle East from dialogue to partnership -- a level comparable to the Partnership for Peace program used to promote Central and Eastern European countries to full membership .
The Unbearable Lightness of Change
The Unbearable Lightness of Change MADRID -- Barack Obama 's first year in office has been a sobering exercise in the limits of presidential power .
But creating a structure of international relations that will make a more stable and enduring world order is not a task to be completed within one year .
Likewise , America 's `` reset button '' policy with Russia has certainly improved relations with the Kremlin , but it remains highly improbable that the Russians would endanger their privileged relations with Iran by joining an economic siege .
`` This is as intractable a problem as you get , '' he admitted after a wasted year of more error than trial .
The Middle East 's Hair Trigger TEL AVIV -- Across the Middle East , a fatalistic conventional wisdom is taking hold : war is unavoidable .
Some see war as a way of resolving an increasingly deadlocked situation , shaking up a dysfunctional regional order whose main actors are not only at loggerheads , but are also incapable of resolving the legitimacy deficits of their respective regimes .
Nor has he been able to rein in Iran 's relentless drive for regional hegemony , or convince it to abandon its quest for nuclear arms .
The rise of Islamists throughout the region as the sole power capable of exploiting the opportunities of free elections -- Hamas ' victory in Palestine and the Muslim Brotherhood 's spectacular gains in the 2005 Egyptian elections are but the most noteworthy -- the ascendancy to regional hegemony of Shiite Iran , and the sense among Arab rulers that the embattled Bush administration is running out of steam have all combined to stall the promising drive to political reform in the region .
Netanyahu seals the image of Israel as a nation totally incapable of breaking out of the prison of its past .
Such a resounding collapse of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty would pose a formidable challenge to the world community , particularly to the Middle East .
Viewing the current conflict between such formidable military powers as Israel and Iran through a similar lens can only breed untold catastrophe .
The question , however , is not only one of money ; it is about whether Haiti 's agony is to be addressed as just one more humanitarian crisis or as a structural problem of state building -- a long-term quest for institutional stability and sustainable development .
For Dominicans , helping Haiti develop and become politically stable is the best way to safeguard their own stability .
Haiti 's transition to effective and sustainable statehood is therefore also vital for establishing a prosperous border regime .
Conspicuously , notable figures on the Israeli right -- among them Former Defense and Foreign Minister Moshe Arens , who is also a political mentor of Netanyahu , and Knesset Speaker Rubi Rivlin -- mirror the Jordanians 's position .
But maximal security -- for example , an insufferably long timetable for withdrawal , unreasonable territorial demands wrapped up as security needs , an Israeli presence in the Jordan valley , and full control of Palestinian airspace and the electromagnetic spectrum -- would inevitably clash with Palestinians ' view of what sovereignty entails .
Arafat set the standard as to what is acceptable and what is not , and Abbas can not allow himself the luxury of deviating from it .
Israel wants an end to the conflict but is incapable of paying the price , whereas Hamas can better reconcile its ideology with a peace agreement with Israel if it is not defined as final .
Meanwhile , Iran 's unstoppable rush to develop nuclear weapons could prove to be a monument to the international community 's failure to stem the atomic tide in the region .
But the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is nonetheless sui generis : either the parties ' six-decade mutual deadlock is not unbearable enough , or they prefer to pay the price of conflict rather than compromise their national ethos .
Likewise , the failure of Chechnya , Biafra , Tibet , or the Kurdish areas of the Middle East to reach independent statehood is attributable entirely to their military impotence .
Conspicuously , Bashir 's regime has been disqualified in the eyes of its neighbors in Africa and the Arab world to a degree that makes the South 's secession a more acceptable option to the main regional stakeholders than ever before .
United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton rightly defined the upcoming referendum as a `` ticking time bomb . '' She also made it clear , however , that the outcome , independence for the South , is `` inevitable . ''
Left to our own devices , we have proven ourselves tragically incapable of breaking the genetic code of our dispute .
He expects that a unilateral yet internationally recognized declaration of a Palestinian state along the 1967 borders would put unbearable pressure on an Israel haunted by the specter of worldwide de-legitimization .
If pushed to the wall , Israel might try to extricate itself from an internationally untenable position by unilaterally disengaging from the West Bank up to its `` security fence . ''
Indeed , some on the Israeli side argue that , instead of fighting a Palestinian declaration of statehood , Israel should seize the opportunity to turn the conflict into a manageable state-to-state territorial dispute .
A plan that almost certainly would have to satisfy Israel 's security concerns and lean toward acknowledging its Jewishness -- in a way that might entirely neutralize the Palestinian ethos of return -- would be especially unpalatable to them .
Nor is it improbable that a protracted war in Libya would end by vindicating the warning of the region 's authoritarian rulers that the Arab Awakening is but a prelude to chaos .
Monarchies -- in Morocco , Saudi Arabia , Jordan , and most of the Gulf dynasties -- still appear to their subjects to be more acceptable than secular autocracies .
But , because their legitimacy stems from a religious or even divine source , rather than on a fiction of democratic support , as was the case of the Arab presidents , their rule is less questionable .
It has become fashionable to lay the blame for the vicissitudes of Arab democratization on the West .
In their admirable march to civil liberty , the Arab peoples must face a preliminary test of any democracy , however incipient : assuming responsibility for the consequences of one 's decisions .
It is inconceivable , for example , that an Egyptian democracy , in which the Muslim Brotherhood would be a legitimate political force , would persist in Mubarak 's complicity with Israel 's siege of Hamas-controlled Gaza .
Nor is Egypt 's political discourse likely to be especially palatable to Israelis .
Any Egyptian democracy that was truly accountable to its popular base would have to address the country 's colossal domestic problems , and a state of war with Israel would hardly advance that goal .
If such a tripwire is really necessary , why should n't a reliable international force carry out that task ?
Let us not avert our eyes lest our arms weaken ... This is the fate of our generation , this is our life choice , to be prepared and armed , strong and determined , lest the sword be stricken from our fist and our lives cut down ... We are a generation of settlers , and , without the steel helmet and the cannon 's fire , we will not be able to plant a tree and build a home . ''
Politically and economically exhausted , and attentive to electorates clamoring for a shift of priorities to urgent domestic concerns , Europe and America are no longer very capable of imposing their values and interests through costly military interventions in faraway lands .
The authors call for a shift from outdated Cold War strategies of `` power and control '' to one of civic engagement and sustainable prosperity .
Moreover , with the West focused on the formidable challenges posed by the Arab revolts , Iran finds it easier to divert the world 's attention from its nuclear program , and to circumvent the international sanctions regime designed to curtail its efforts to acquire nuclear weapons .
Turkey 's foreign policy , unlike Iran 's , needs a stable environment to prosper .
Turkey has practically resigned itself to the inevitable demise of Syria 's repressive Baath regime .
A democratic Egypt would certainly be a more reliable partner .
But , more importantly , the speeches at the UN General Assembly by the two rivals , Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , showed that any initiative to bring the parties back to the negotiating table might turn out to be futile .
Both leaders exhibited utter indifference to the other 's core concerns , and catered to their constituencies , Hamas and Israeli settlers included , making it clear , urbi et orbi , that the gaps separating their positions are as unbridgeable as ever .
Indeed , Netanyahu 's call for peace will remain hollow so long as he continues to view the solution to Israel 's legitimate security concerns as requiring continuous occupation of sizable portions of the future Palestinian state .
As the UN debate showed , what is at stake is a clash of irreconcilable national narratives .
If not for his bold initiative at the UN , the Quartet -LRB- the UN , the US , the European Union , and Russia -RRB- would not have become so suddenly hyperactive in searching for a formula to bring the parties back to the negotiating table .
Thus , the current conflict is essentially a pre-emptive war by Hamas -- aggravated by lawlessness and banditry , clashing free-lance militias , tribes , and families , and a spiral of senseless massacres -- to prevent Fatah from being turned by the international community into a formidable challenger to its democratic right to govern .
However vibrant , Israel 's democracy is not exactly manageable or predictable , either .
For the building blocks of a renewed peace process to be sustainable , an international force must be deployed along Gaza 's border with Egypt to prevent the constant smuggling of weapons and isolate the conflict .
Notwithstanding Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's commendable gestures at Sharm el-Sheikh in 2007 , the summit 's achievements are bound to be short-lived .
Hamas 's emergence as a formidable military force also reflects the Egyptians ' inept performance in preventing the smuggling of weapons into Gaza .
The current American initiative sounds reasonable , but it is essentially unrealistic .
More an enemy of Israeli-Arab reconciliation than of Israel as such , the Mullahs ' resort to an incendiary anti-Jewish , pan-Islamic discourse is aimed at ending Iran 's isolation and presenting its regional ambitions in a light palatable to the Sunni masses .
And , when US forces overran Saddam Hussein 's army in the spring of 2003 , the encircled Iranians proposed a grand bargain that would put all contentious issues on the table , from the nuclear issue to Israel , from Hezbollah to Hamas .
Iran 's mood changed by the time America 's entire Middle East strategy had gone adrift , but the grand bargain remains the only viable way out of the impasse .
For example , given its member states ' current resources , the EU , acting alone , would be unable to ensure a Western commitment in Afghanistan .
The recent creation in Brussels of the Civilian Planning Conduct Capability , based on a system comparable to that of a military chain of command , demonstrates -- and , above all , guarantees -- cohesive action .
Being able to act militarily requires capable , flexible forces that are suited to their mission .
Finally , as all of the EU 's 27 member states are now trying to reduce public spending in sustainable ways , financing for military operations , without which nothing is possible , requires a new approach .
Yet access to justice remains tightly constrained , courts are still controlled by the Communist Party of China -LRB- CPC -RRB- , and lawyers involved in litigation against local state agencies remain highly vulnerable to retaliation by state and non-state actors .
But as China 's society progressively emancipated itself from direct state control -- with the notable exception of sectors viewed by the CPC as crucial to maintaining its monopoly on power -- citizens increasingly appealed to the law for protection against arbitrary administrative interference and to limit the bureaucracy 's discretionary powers .
With little oversight from the central government , and no independent judiciary or a free press to hold them accountable , local authorities in rural areas are often a law unto themselves .
And comparable Orthodox ideas about communal solidarity -LRB- Russian sobornost -RRB- make it difficult to accept capitalism , because competition and individual entrepreneurship are seen as a morally repulsive expression of ruthlessness and greed .
But it has also left these countries vulnerable to the twists and turns of global financial markets .
In the absence of effective regulation , financial integration has made the region vulnerable to a sudden and massive contraction of capital inflows .
The options currently on the table leave the home-regulator principle largely intact .
Given how deeply integrated the region has become with the rest of the world , this is remarkable .
Moreover , significant sector-specific reforms are needed even in some Central European and Baltic countries , particularly in sustainable energy and energy efficiency , transport , and the financial sector , where regulatory and supervisory regimes require strengthening , financing of small and medium-sized firms needs to be improved , and local capital markets must be developed .
It was clear that they had become more vulnerable due to loss of competitiveness , weak governance , and lack of transparency .
The region needs to find its way back not only to rapid growth , but also to safer , more sustainable growth .
As a result , the exchange-rate risk was passed on to those least able to manage it : households .
Within the eurozone , any recapitalization , guarantees , and other funds offered to parent banks should be made available to subsidiaries in equal measure .
Subsidiaries ' host countries , for their part , must reassure parent banks that financial regulation will remain predictable .
Any sustainable solution to the crisis must ensure the integrity of the bank groups and respect the interests of these banks ' home and host countries .
The European Union 's highly touted `` Lisbon Declaration '' of a few years ago , which proclaimed that Europe would become the world 's most competitive region by 2010 , appears laughable to Americans , whose productivity gains seem to scale new heights constantly .
The Search for Quality on the Web NEW YORK -- In the not-so-distant future , students will be able to graduate from high school without ever touching a book .
Therefore , new publications and dynamic pages that change their content frequently are already beyond the scope of the popularity methods , and searching this material is vulnerable to rudimentary techniques of manipulation .
If you have enough money , your Web page can be ranked higher than many others that are more credible or higher quality . Since the emergence of Google , quality information has never been so vulnerable to the power of commercialism .
Building an ontology encapsulating the world 's knowledge may be an immense task , requiring an effort comparable to compiling a large encyclopedia and the expertise to build it , but it is feasible .
Given humans ' limited reading speed -LRB- 200-300 words per minute -RRB- and the enormous volume of available information , effective decision-making today calls for semantic technology in every aspect of knowledge refinement .
By contrast , the EU Constitution is written with the unspoken understanding that the institutions it is setting up are transitory , that they are far from optimal , and that it would be desirable to change them right now if political realities allowed it .
A great opportunity to segregate what is permanent and durable -LRB- i.e. , `` constitutional '' -RRB- about the Union from what is impermanent and changeable -LRB- i.e. , `` political '' -RRB- was missed .
This will be considered tragic only for those who see a stable European federation as Europe 's manifest destiny .
The recent collective sense across Europe of the urgency of being able to speak with one voice in external affairs may provide the next breeze , and enough glue , to keep the enterprise afloat .
But postponement is not a viable option , for the following reasons :
But each will require considerable early efforts to reduce their fall-out .
The Kyoto Protocol on climate change has been declared unacceptable to the US .
International covenants , the Bush Administration conveyed , are maybe all right for lesser powers - but they are an unacceptable restriction on the freedom of action of the world 's only superpower .
At first , US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld declared this international agreement inapplicable .
Were the US to opt out of international law , the strongest symbol for a more equitable international system , it would progressively lose influence .
Merely to insist , as some legal purists want , on the sanctity of existing agreements , is not enough ; if they were adequate for past international requirements , this does not mean they are viable in a time when non-state actors are muscling into an arena hitherto monopolized by states .
That danger was foreseeable ; failing to avoid it a costly mistake .
Yet even the most enthusiastic advocates of military action against Iraq have to admit that such steps carry considerable risks , and no expert on the region I know shares the view , popular among arm-chair orientologists , that a change of regime in Baghdad will usher in a period of peace and stability all over the Middle East .
France and Germany , acting together , were able for many years to provide this sort of leadership , and this should be recalled .
True , the Istanbul summit in late June produced a veneer of harmony , and NATO headquarters is , as usual , busying itself with frequent meetings of now 26 national delegations , innumerable committees , and the mountains of printed paper it churns out .
Even where members have committed themselves to a joint operation , as in Afghanistan , NATO 's able new Secretary General , former Dutch foreign minister Jaap de Hoop Scheffer , has to plead for a few helicopters here , a few hundred men there , like the manager of an impoverished football association trying to put together a team .
Moreover , it is the only organization capable of generating international military operations for the many stability-building tasks that lie ahead .
But it would make an immense difference for Germany 's chances if the US actively supported what is , after all , a reasonable objective of one of its most important allies .
Future misunderstandings and misgivings are thus inevitable .
His support for international crisis missions in Kosovo , Bosnia , or Afghanistan required considerable political courage and made Germany one of the major contributors to international stability efforts .
Unilateral occupation without commitment to a viable Palestinian state has produced only the intifada and suicide bombers .
So the prior condition for setting up and joining an international force for Southern Lebanon must be that Israel renews its commitment to the `` road map '' and negotiations with the Palestinians for a viable Palestinian state .
At the height of America 's power , Russia had resigned itself to the apparently unstoppable encroachment of NATO on the Soviet Union 's former sphere of influence .
America , eager to bring both Ukraine and Georgia into NATO , felt scant need to consider Russian concerns , convinced that the Kremlin would have no choice but to bow to the inevitable .
LONDON -- Speaking in the happier economic times of 2005 , Mervyn King -- then , as now , Governor of the Bank of England -- stressed the importance of entrenching public expectations of stable , low inflation .
Thus , compared to the Bank of England , the all-important credibility of the monetary authority seems less vulnerable in the case of the Fed .
The thinking is clear -LRB- if rarely spelled out clearly by politicians -RRB- : whereas a loss of market confidence in the British state 's solvency would most likely trigger a depression , above-target inflation can be rectified at a relatively tolerable cost to living standards -LRB- though higher than it should have been -RRB- .
Moreover , a higher inflation target -- and the restoration of credibility that it would imply -- would enable central banks to return to a lower inflation target without creating a recession once debt levels had been reduced and aggregate demand had recovered .
Ignorant of the extensive `` deindustrialization '' debate in 1960 's Great Britain , two Berkeley academics , Stephen Cohen and John Zysman , started a similar debate in the US in 1987 with their book Manufacturing Matters , which claimed that , without manufactures , a viable service sector is untenable .
Diesel engines and turbines are not the only alternatives ; many services , like professional therapy , nursing , and teaching are available .
But he gained clout with the onset of the current crisis , and concern over intractable unemployment numbers is enabling politicians to justify all sorts of superficially attractive remedies .
India would be the chief loser relative to US firms , and , with several sizeable firms , such as Infosys and Wipro , adversely affected by the measure , it would also be the chief loser vis-à-vis smaller outsourcing firms from other countries .
Unfortunately , major US media , including The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal , have endorsed this deplorable assault on whatever non-discrimination remains in the world trading system .
She answered : it depends on whether Mao dies first or Zhao dies first -- her point being that in a top-heavy system , growth paths can become unpredictable , and thus subject to volatility .
Finally , China 's growth must continue to depend on its exploitation of external markets , which makes it vulnerable in a world that is increasingly making democracy and human rights a central preoccupation .
China was clearly able for many years to exploit a `` reserve army of the unemployed '' à la Karl Marx -- to grow rapidly without facing a labor-supply constraint , so that capital accumulation would not run into diminishing returns .
By contrast , India has a far more abundant supply of labor , as well as a more favorable demographic profile , so that , as India 's investment rate increases , labor will not be a constraint .
For example , on trade , there has been a remarkable commitment to efforts -- largely successful -- to avoid significant backsliding into protectionism .
In fact , the financial statements of mega-banks are impenetrable works of fiction or wishful thinking .
The global banking system and economy was thus vulnerable to the mistakes of the three main rating agencies and their flawed risk models .
oblige unpredictable countries to become responsible ;
A massive increase in European Commission spending power to achieve greater pan-European social cohesion would be politically unacceptable to the richer members , who would have to pay for it .
Studies have shown that there is a significant positive association between a higher intake of fruits and vegetables and reduced risk of chronic disease .
Fruits and vegetables are sources of numerous micronutrients , and some , including b-carotene -LRB- a precursor of vitamin A -RRB- , vitamin C , vitamin E , and selenium , have potential as antioxidants .
But what specifically makes fruits and vegetables so beneficial is not clear .
More than one-third of adults in developed countries now ingest antioxidant pills , which is much easier than eating fruits and vegetables .
In short , we should stop taking pills and eat more fruits and vegetables .
Advocates of nuclear energy have made considerable political headway around the world in recent years , touting it as a safe , clean , and reliable alternative to fossil fuels .
China is setting ambitious targets for reducing energy intensity and making massive investments in renewable energy .
The good news is that if we focus on clear , practical , and achievable goals , major reductions can be made in order to ensure that , whatever the precise interim target , the world will fashion a radical new approach within a manageable timeframe .
A new report from the `` Breaking the Climate Deadlock '' project , a strategic partnership between my office and The Climate Group , shows how major reductions even by 2020 are achievable if we focus action on certain key technologies , deploy policies that have been proven to work , and invest now in developing those future technologies that will take time to mature .
Perhaps the most interesting fact to emerge is that fully 70 % of the reductions needed by 2020 can be achieved by investing in three areas : increasing energy efficiency , reducing deforestation , and use of lower-carbon energy sources , including nuclear and renewables .
Smart grid systems can enable big savings in emissions , but require a plan for putting them into effect .
Developed countries will be able to commit to reducing their emissions by 80 % versus 1990 by mid-century , as many have already done , and provide the necessary financial and technology support for developing countries ' adaptation and mitigation efforts .
The worldwide outpouring of support demonstrated what humanity is capable of at its best .
Recognizing that the death of a child from a mosquito bite is unacceptable in the twenty-first century , ALMA leaders understand that the most effective way to ensure that recent gains are sustained is to assume leadership and ownership of the challenge .
The Tony Blair Faith Foundation has been in consultation with the country 's religious leaders and inter-faith association to develop a national program with the Ministry of Health that would promote the government 's key public-health messages , participate in education for bed-net use , and use available health assets and faith community networks .
There are still land mines , from unknowable credit default swap -LRB- CDS -RRB- positions to hidden losses on balance sheets , but the worst days of frozen money markets and obscene risk spreads are probably over .
One may reasonably worry that the available funds will be depleted before the crisis is over .
Recessions of the first type are , almost by definition , largely unpredictable .
Households would be behaving in a totally irresponsible manner . The exterior imbalance would be unjustifiable , indeed , unsustainable .
High stock market valuations would reflect a radiant future , households would be behaving in a reasonable way , and America would be wise to run a trade deficit in order to invest .
More intense competition , within and across countries , has decreased the available rents .
And yet both available strategies -- doing nothing or attempting to modernize -- have obvious pitfalls .
And the means , however `` boring . '' must be appropriate to realizing this commitment : a combination of sustainable retirement systems , better designed unemployment benefit systems , negative income taxes , training programs , and the like . Only by employing the rhetoric of commitment to mobilize the troops while devoting careful attention to the center 's concern with methods can the left hope to return to power .
It will take more than what we have seen so far to return the US current account deficit to reasonable proportions .
If elected , she would be South Korea 's first woman president , and , for her rivals , her dominant position in the race is an uncomfortable but unassailable fact .
No candidate on the horizon seems able to stop her .
And today , after two turbulent decades , they seem to be converging toward a more unified and sustainable framework .
This , together with external shocks and severe recessions , made fixed exchange-rate regimes untenable , first in Mexico , later in Brazil , and then , spectacularly , in Argentina .
BUENOS AIRES -- Today 's global currency war resembles real war in two important respects : a face-off over the structural imbalances between two large opponents -- China and the United States -- has forced uncomfortable smaller allies to take one side or the other , and third parties that may not be directly engaged are suffering collateral damage from both sides of the dispute .
Latin America 's rapidly growing economies are particularly vulnerable , as they are forced to confront both China 's exchange-rate inflexibility and the impact of dollar devaluation arising from the US Federal Reserve 's expansionary monetary policy .
They surely have a right to defend themselves , whether through foreign-exchange intervention and the consequent accumulation of reserves -LRB- a potentially profitable option if capital flows are indeed temporary -RRB- , imposition of capital controls , or other currency-related macro-prudential policies aimed at countercyclical exchange-rate smoothing .
In short , while Latin America 's economies were helped by high commodity prices , it is indisputable that the significant economic reforms adopted in most countries enabled them to have a `` good crisis . ''
Second , although countries have laid the groundwork for sustainable growth in a number of areas , the reform agenda remains vast , and most countries are not yet able to avoid the boom-and-bust cycles that have long plagued them .
Without it , the region will not be able to overcome its low levels of productivity and competitiveness .
Nonetheless , we are at both the end and beginning of something remarkable .
But the revolution is not only for the elite ; it also offers a realistic -LRB- non-utopian -RRB- promise of dramatically improved lives for many people around the entire globe - not in 100 years , but in the foreseeable future .
Such obstacles include the absence of an informed and capable workforce , instinctive mistrust and rejection of new ideas and technologies just because they come from the West , lack of respect for those who acquire new knowledge , and endemic discrimination against women .
The issues surrounding reform remain controversial and unsettled , but this time , the ministers laid their cards on the table .
Otherwise , the rules become unenforceable .
Some of the rules that it proposes are unenforceable -- and thus merely a source of red tape for migrants and their employers that would require huge public bureaucracies to administer .
Short-term contracts become a self-fulfilling prophecy , insofar as training is not provided on the job , and hence such workers are less productive and more vulnerable to shocks .
The current recession will be truly over only when new cohorts of workers are able to enter the labor market quickly and through the main door .
The 2012 Kyoto targets are attainable .
The natural response to all this is to ask whether happiness research is really reliable enough to be used by policymakers .
Such findings will surely stimulate useful public discussion while yielding valuable data for investigators to use .
Further research will doubtless provide more detailed and reliable information about the kinds of policies that add to people 's happiness .
These unsettled areas have become infiltrated by a multinational anti-state terror network -LRB- Al Qaeda , Taliban , the Haqqani network , and roughly 14 definable anti-state elements operating in the FATA alone -RRB- , which the US government calls `` anti-coalition militias '' and are far more sinister and interconnected than the West imagines .
The Secretary of State wrote to Queen Victoria , `` The pacification of border tribes by preserving in the exercise of humanizing influences is more likely to be permanent than their subjection by military force ... -LRB- and would -RRB- afford a reasonable prospect of rendering the people on the frontier line between our territories and Afghanistan peaceful and friendly neighbors . ''
In a single instant of unfathomable fury , his moment of glory was transformed into one of madness and a curse .
Yet , according to the polls , she is the only left-leaning candidate who looks able to defeat Nicolas Sarkozy , the current Interior Minister and odds-on favorite to be the center-right 's standard bearer in the presidential election next May .
Each of them has strengths and weaknesses , but none seems able to challenge Sarkozy .
Royal 's chief virtue is that she has not taken part in the numerous internal battles that infuriate socialist militants and voters , and her lack of direct association with the party 's leadership has enabled her to avoid blame for its mistakes .
Some Socialists fear that , once nominated , she would not be able to confront Sarkozy in direct debates .
Disabled soldiers also will cost a lot of money , even if the Pentagon wo n't automatically pay everything for them .
But fulfilling the ostensible rationale for this seemingly interminable spending orgy -- success in the so-called `` war on terror '' -- does not seem anywhere within reach .
But all these commendable efforts have failed to counter the phenomenon .
Prohibition created a pretext for authoritarian regimes to resist the abolition of death penalty ; yet even states that execute people for drug-related crimes have not been able to stem the tide .
But to be a genuine locus of international legitimacy , the UN must become a different organization -- one secure in its own legitimacy and able to function without the endless delays , vetoes , indecisiveness , and unwillingness to ensure respect for its decisions .
Today 's UN , which entrusts the protection of fundamental human rights to countries that are themselves among the prime violators of these rights , is no longer acceptable .
Establishing a system of justice that protects these rights is indispensable ; otherwise , there will never be a durable and lasting peace in Iraq .
No less remarkable than the latest discoveries was the timing of their announcement , which came on the eve of a vote in the United States Congress to expand federal funding for research on embryonic stem cells created during in vitro fertilization -LRB- but never implanted in a womb -RRB- .
And , in order to enable the full enjoyment of our freedoms -- be they of worship or scientific research -- the state must reassert its secular nature .
Governments , international organizations and individuals that participate in the London conference must not dismiss the call made by the European Parliament , for it offers a far more workable strategy to promote Afghanistan 's future than the current counter-narcotics policies permit .
To be honest , I am not sure that all of the world 's governments have accepted the inevitable , or that even the most inflexible will now agree to the moratorium .
We believe instead that a `` Federation Lite , '' with a budget limited to about 5 % of Europe 's GDP -LRB- compared to almost half of GDP in most EU member countries -RRB- , would enable a realistic political union .
But when some of these functions are assigned to a federal level of government , one has the additional tool of being able to transfer resources to pay for these tasks .
The words e pluribus unum need not be included on euro notes and coins to recognize that the principle for which they stand -- the political unification of Europe , no less than that of the US -- is indispensable to the euro 's survival .
Whether this investment is sustainable in the long term , and how it might affect macroeconomic performance , should be analyzed technically rather than ideologically .
In this sense , these three cases -- and Venezuela in particular -- are a clear reflection of the Cuban model , which , despite substantially reducing poverty and providing basic health and education services , seems less sustainable than it did in the past .
Social objectives and the deepening of democracy in these countries -- with the probable exception of Chile -- have been sacrificed for higher levels of security .
It is worth pausing to commemorate this remarkable event , and the effect the euro 's existence has had on the current global crisis .
Most of world trade is still invoiced in dollars , but the euro has gradually emerged as a viable alternative -- a strong currency backed by the hard-earned inflation credibility of the European Central Bank .
The two economic powers ' similarities and differences , particularly with respect to internal labor mobility , productivity , and fiscal policies , suggest why -- and provide clues about whether the eurozone can weather the crises on its periphery and evolve into a stable single-currency area .
From Mississippi to Maine , and from New York to New Orleans , America 's written language is the same and the spoken language is understandable to all .
Nevertheless , much tighter constraints , with serious and enforceable penalties , must be placed on permissible budget positions and their transparency if the euro is to survive .
Whether monetary union was necessary to accomplish that aim is debatable .
Despite the considerable advantages of a common currency -LRB- price transparency , lower transaction costs , and inflation credibility , to name a few -RRB- , the difficulty of macroeconomic management of such diverse economies looms larger than ever .
The political economy of California 's budget has taken the progressive tax-and-spend experiment to the breaking point , threatening the state 's ability to fund basic services , from prisons and parks to education and health care , even those aimed at helping its most vulnerable citizens .
STANFORD -- Canada 's Prime Minister Stephen Harper , by winning an outright majority of seats in his country 's parliament for the first time since assuming office , continues a remarkable series of national election victories , backed by voters demanding at least a pause , and perhaps some reversal , of the growth of the welfare state .
· In each country , there has been a sizeable increase in public spending in the last few years , particularly in the US and the UK ;
Calls are rampant for surrendering fiscal sovereignty ; for dramatic recapitalization of the financially vulnerable banking system ; and\/or for Greece and possibly other distressed eurozone members to quit the euro -LRB- or for establishing an interim two-tier monetary union -RRB- .
Despite stress tests , bailout funds , and continual meetings , a permanent workable fix has so far eluded European policymakers .
But letting questionable banks gradually recapitalize themselves and resolving the bad debt later -- perhaps with European Brady Bonds -LRB- zero-coupon bonds which in the 1990 's enabled US banks and Latin American countries to agree to partial write-downs -RRB- -- wo n't work if the losses are too large or the recovery is too fragile .
Private capital , of course , is preferable , but , given the risk that it will be wiped out by future public intervention , investors will be wary .
As for fiscal measures , the empirical evidence suggests that three-quarters of consumption is based on longer-term economic prospects , not short-run disposable income .
Determining the size of likely losses is necessary to decide whether banks ' retained earnings from profitable ongoing operations and their ability to raise private capital will allow them to work down their toxic assets over time .
From 2002-2007 , trillions of dollars were loaned for sub-prime and prime mortgages , autos , credit cards , commercial real estate , private equity , and more , on the assumption by -LRB- most -RRB- borrowers and lenders that strong global growth , rising home prices and cheap , readily available short-term credit would continue for the foreseeable future .
The final tab on the toxic mortgage bailout and other assets is likely to be a larger percentage of a larger amount , but still far less than the face value of the loans , because the underlying assets will in many cases retain considerable value .
This year 's projected deficits -LRB- as a share of GDP -RRB- are estimated to be a remarkable 13.5 % for the United States , twice the previous record at the depth of the horrific early 1980 's recession .
Politicians from political parties out of power denounce the deficits and debt as a horrific legacy for our children and an insurmountable burden on the economy .
But when are deficits desirable , and when are they damaging ?
It is also more efficient to keep tax rates stable over time , and thus to finance with debt temporary large spending needs such as military buildups during war -LRB- or to prevent war -RRB- , while reversing the debt buildup thereafter .
Such debt finance is both equitable and efficient .
For basic scientific research , the potential return will be broadly available to any and all , whether or not they paid for it and bore the risk of failure .
Because private investors are unable to appropriate the returns , private markets invest too little in basic science .
President George W. Bush spent years and billions of dollars pushing a hydrogen car . It got nowhere , and , while hydrogen may eventually become commercially viable for stationery sources , its use for transportation must still overcome some serious obstacles -LRB- including flammability and combustibility that is an order of magnitude greater than that of gasoline -RRB- .
While firms and investors take the funds , private financing for commercial alternative-energy projects is widely available ; an immense number of venture-capital funds worldwide are devoted to alternative and clean energy .
It should fund basic scientific and technological research applicable to these issues .
There is remarkable variability in the role of sub-national governments relative to central governments .
If people are able to migrate , they will move to jurisdictions with the mix of taxes and services -LRB- e.g. , quality schools -RRB- that they prefer .
Ironically , California 's progressive tax and spending policies create such volatility that they destroy the state 's ability to fund everything , even basic services from education to health for its most vulnerable citizens .
The bailout is no solution to the fundamental problems that the eurozone confronts ; at best , it buys time to spread the inevitable wrenching adjustments over time and across people .
The fundamental problem for Greece is its bloated fiscal commitments , enabled by lower borrowing costs when it joined the euro .
And the higher-tax economies did not even have smaller budget deficits than the lower-tax US ; rather , higher taxes merely enabled higher spending .
Assisting a person who has explicitly asked to die is increasingly being seen as a justifiable action , especially in the context of a terminal illness .
Or even any serious and incurable illness or disability ?
Doctors have pointed out that , whilst recognizing that an increasing majority of the population wants such a service to be available , to hasten death intentionally is still inherently incompatible with the basic objectives of medicine .
Recent developments in the Netherlands have also shown that euthanasia is discussed more in the context of autonomy , control , and rational choice rather than of uncontrollable medical symptoms .
What is happening at the moment could be described as a power struggle over who should be responsible for a service that more and more people wish to be available but where no amount of professional expertise can fully safeguard the right decision .
Can Europe promote fair play in international affairs , or must it accept a new game of great power rivalry as inevitable and throw itself into the fray ?
Indeed , for the EU some issues are non-negotiable , because they are pillars of the European model that we seek to share with the world .
Indeed , every member state can be expected to cling to its right to pursue an independent foreign policy for the foreseeable future .
Indeed , sustainable development is a challenge for both China and Europe .
If necessary , it must use its influence even more assertively to bring Pyongyang back to the negotiating table .
A structured dialogue -- including the private sector , which is so intimately involved in China 's development -- is needed on energy , sustainable development , and the environment .
Some issues are non-negotiable , because they are pillars of the European model that we seek to share with the world .
They must learn that critical thought is valuable , and that doubt is healthy .
However , given current European and American law , these claims require a novel legal underpinning in order to be valid and enforceable .
Donors would transfer their tissue to a charitable trust , and would collectively appoint a trustee , who would have legal fiduciary duties to use the tissue for the benefit of the public .
Contract model . Tissue can be removed only with donors ' prior consent . Thus , prior to giving their consent , tissue donors can negotiate acceptable compensation .
The answer to that question is likely to be no , which is why Iraq probably will be a much less stable place a year from now .
It is the lifeblood of Iraq 's economy and the source of the money that the central government will need to build durable institutions .
Indeed , with Shiite-Sunni violence already intensifying , the Iraqi government may not be able to maintain even the appearance of effectiveness for very long .
The central government 's weakness , continued insurgent violence , growing Iranian influence in Baghdad and with Shiite powerbrokers in the south , and the natural progression of sectarian politics suggest that the new Iraq will be markedly less stable as the year draws to a close .
Television coverage of athletes gasping for breath will hardly provide Beijing with the signature Olympic image it had in mind , and growing international anxiety over climate change and other environmental hazards will ensure that such issues receive considerable media coverage .
Even if police are able to maintain order in Beijing , can they extend that control across the country ?
International criticism is sure to follow if something , anything , goes wrong during the Games , especially if it involves the suppression of dissent and is vectored around the world via 24-hour cable television and the Internet .
Recent global financial turmoil has only added to Africa 's allure , because its frontier markets are less vulnerable to international volatility than are most of the world 's more familiar emerging economies .
But , while both of these positive trends are likely to continue , a third positive factor may not prove as durable .
At the same time , though Africa 's frontier economies are less vulnerable than other emerging markets to global financial turbulence , they are highly vulnerable to political turmoil closer to home .
Regional blocs like the Economic Community of West African States -LRB- ECOWAS -RRB- , the Southern African Customs Union -LRB- SACU -RRB- , and the East African Community -LRB- EAC -RRB- will eventually assume larger roles in helping resolve the continent 's most intractable diplomatic and economic problems .
Attacks on pipelines have recently intensified ahead of a planned summit meeting between the government and various militia leaders , as small groups of militants stage attacks on oil infrastructure in the Delta to establish their relevance and win a potentially lucrative seat at the negotiating table .
Political leaders in dozens of countries are making decisions that will drive the performance of local -LRB- and global -RRB- markets for the foreseeable future .
While the April G-20 summit in London produced more economic-policy agreement than expected , this was largely because the most divisive issue -- the US and British demand for more global stimulus spending -- was removed from the table beforehand .
For the foreseeable future , they will depend on local manufacturers to create the jobs that protect both China 's development goals and the Communist Party 's monopoly on domestic political power .
To be sure , an eventual US recovery is inevitable , but job growth usually takes longer to recover .
The absence of a stable framework will force investors to re-think asset-allocation decisions and risk pricing .
These shifts will be gradual , persistent , and less predictable than what investors had come to expect during the deceptive calm of the euro 's first decade , when the currency union 's establishment , together with EU enlargement and liberalization , appeared to create a stable and benign environment .
Finally , remarkable and lasting policy shifts will not be limited to countries in immediate financial trouble .
NEW YORK -- After watching the collapse of Lebanon 's government last week , it is hard not to think about efforts to build a stable Iraq .
Though Lebanon has not conducted a reliable census in decades , its population is thought to be about 30 % Sunni Muslim , 30 % Shia Muslim , and 30 % Christian , with Druze and others accounting for the rest .
At times like these , the two countries ' similarities and differences can point Iraq 's leaders toward a stable democratic future .
Though some of Iraq 's conservative local clerics wield considerable influence , its current leaders will resist any drive to transform the country into a socially repressive and isolated state .
Given the easy availability of these technologies , their ability to catalyze protest might transcend borders once thought impregnable .
Governments in Armenia , Azerbaijan , Belarus , and Uzbekistan have infiltrated and undermined civil-society organizations , kicked out Western observers and aid workers , and leaned on local courts to guarantee favorable election-related rulings .
Indeed , even southern governors who are not reliable Obasanjo allies appear determined to maintain their influence within the central government by ensuring that the country 's next president is a southerner .
Yet , unlike Iraq , Nigeria has a recent history of relatively stable democratic governance .
But achieving such a compromise wo n't be a smooth or predictable process .
The formation of a unity government is only the first of many hurdles Iraq 's new government must clear if it is to build a durable peace .
Each of these tasks is formidable .
If they use the good news to begin withdrawing significant numbers of the foreign troops who bolster Iraq 's stability at a crucial and vulnerable moment , they will have undermined the project to which both have devoted so much political capital .
But the broader picture -- whether , as in Mexico , a country is able to continue to go about its business as its political institutions sort out the mess -- matters far more .
Indeed , while Lopez Obrador continues to denounce the outcome and has threatened to make Mexico ungovernable , Mexico 's growing middle class has taken the political conflict in stride .
Whatever the potential for a leftward shift this year in some Latin American countries , others , including Mexico , Chile , and Brazil , are clearly less vulnerable to the type of populist rule we 've seen in Venezuela and Bolivia .
But some of them appear to have `` graduated '' toward a stability rooted in sustainable governance .
Its economic stability is dependent on oil revenues , so it is here that Iran 's rulers are vulnerable .
Moreover , any viable solution in Iraq requires political agreement among Iraqis , which in turn will depend on their willingness to compromise .
When Iraq falls apart , as now appears all but inevitable , the US will need as many friends in the region as it can get , particularly as the battle with Iran for regional influence and the conflict over its nuclear program intensifies .
Instead , North Korea 's willingness to resume negotiations partly reflects the Americans ' decision to stop insisting on the `` complete , verifiable , irreversible dismantlement '' of North Korea 's nuclear program as a pre-condition for talks on normalizing relations .
That shift is understandable .
Having returned to the bargaining table in a position of strength , North Korea now hopes to secure a compromise that frees up the leadership 's assets and brings new benefits that help buttress the regime a little longer .
Finally , just as Iran faces no China -- an outside player with considerable domestic influence -- North Korea faces no Israel , a neighbor that believes its security could depend on an act of military pre-emption .
Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistan 's tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
With all that in mind , this latest move by Turkey 's parliament should be seen more as an ultimatum to Iraq 's Kurdish Regional Government to expel the Turkish Kurds and an attempt to persuade the US to use its considerable influence there .
If the PKK is able to launch a major attack on troops or civilians inside Turkey , the public outcry might leave Erdogan with little choice but to up the ante .
This approach defines genes according to an organism 's observable characteristics .
The problem is that we are technologically incapable of mapping 30,000 genotypes .
After all , the three largest EU states -- Germany , Britain , and France -- can be expected to seek agreements among themselves about the Union 's future shape , so the Benelux countries ' common goal should be to influence their actions and ensure that their thinking is acceptable to the whole community .
Four bridges and innumerable tunnels and drainage canals connect Ciudad Juárez and El Paso , Texas .
These people emerged under conditions created in deeply inequitable societies by a misapplied , inconsistent , and bureaucratic war .
The G8 summit earlier this year focused on Africa and climate change because the two issues are linked : Africa is particularly vulnerable to the effects of climate change and therefore must be supported to adapt to it .
Aside from adaptation , Africa can also play a role in mitigating climate change through more sustainable forest and land management .
The first change would enable Annex I countries to satisfy a greater share of their increasing climate responsibilities using credits from land-use projects implemented in non-Annex I countries . The second change would allow forestry and land-use projects that are eligible to issue carbon credits to include such activities as re-vegetation , forest restoration , and improved agricultural management .
Rather than objectively describing the actual political situation in the Middle East , the notion of a fundamental Iranian threat is being used to continue unconditional Western support for increasingly unstable regimes .
He blocked the sale of regional energy companies , for example , because he claims that their privatization will threaten Ukraine 's `` national security , '' though it is corrupt and incompetent state management of these companies that is threatening Ukraine 's security by making it vulnerable to energy cut-offs .
To clinch this deal , the Regions would dump their unelectable leader , Viktor Yanukovich , as their presidential candidate and adopt Yushchenko as their standard bearer .
Although Yushchenko seems unable to save himself politically , Europe can help both him and Ukraine 's democracy .
Yushchenko can yet secure an honorable place in history if , instead of undermining and obstructing Tymoshenko at every turn , he supports her anti-corruption initiatives and constitutional reform , the latter aimed at bringing Ukraine 's political system closer to Europe 's parliamentary democracies as well as to facilitate Ukraine 's European integration .
If accepted , it promises Ukraine , which aspires to EU membership and is currently negotiating a Free Trade Agreement with the Union , the stable , effective , and democratic government that it needs .
Negotiators in Cairo will thus have to discuss if such an indirect recognition of Israel 's right to exist will be acceptable .
The diplomatic push has so far yielded somewhat predictable results .
State-building efforts have reformed previously defunct Palestinian institutions , and have enabled significant economic growth .
While the Security Council would be able to grant legally binding membership status , a vote in the General Assembly would simply upgrade a Palestinian entity to the status of a `` non-member state '' -- like the Vatican .
Confronted with the prospect of a US veto , an increasing number of international observers flatly oppose the Palestinian plan , on the grounds that it is unlikely to generate concrete political gains and would merely deflect attention from the main requirement of Middle East peace-making : a return to the negotiating table .
Such an approach would need to define the UN vote not as an alternative to a negotiated solution , but as an important step towards a viable bilateral peace process .
It was clear to many that Islamic fundamentalism was not comparable to communism , and , particularly in Iraq , military leaders saw the dangers in stretching American forces too thin .
This is because many pathogens are capable of infecting a range of hosts , but evolved in places where only some of those hosts live .
As a result , EID 's are not just possible ; they are inevitable .
Anticipating a problem is always more effective in terms of time and cost than responding to a crisis , no matter how viable the response .
Once classified , we will then be able to make predictions about two closely related species based on incomplete information about either , buying time and saving money .
Finally , this information should be digitized and made freely available over the Internet to all concerned researchers and parties .
Thus , regardless of who becomes prime minister , the next government will not commit to real concessions to the Palestinians in exchange for a two-state solution unless the result will be an end to the conflict and a long , stable peace .
Few believe that the PA and Hamas 's main rival , Fatah , will be willing or able to make such an agreement for decades .
If he becomes Fatah 's leader -LRB- and hence leader of the PA and the PLO as well -RRB- , any compromise with Israel would become unimaginable .
Climate change negotiations over the next year offer an unprecedented opportunity to build a more profitable , safer , and sustainable global economy .
In essence , we are mortgaging our children 's future to pay for an inherently unsustainable and inequitable way of life .
So must mitigation . In the cruel calculus of disasters , those least responsible for causing climate change will suffer first and worst from its inevitable effects .
Developing nations will need increased financial support to protect the poorest and most vulnerable .
From investments in renewable energy and flex-fuel vehicles to reforestation , countries everywhere are realizing that green is not an option , but a necessity for recharging their economies and creating millions of jobs .
Last month , China announced a $ 586 billion economic stimulus package , some 25 % of which is to help bolster conservation , environmental protection , and renewable energy efforts .
Indeed , the US retains an edge , owing to its capacity for innovation , its technological advances , its entrepreneurial spirit , and its indefatigable optimism .
As the chaos at the climate-change conference in Copenhagen last December amply demonstrated , both the number of members around the table and the differences between them -- even within the group of emerging countries -- do not bode well for the future .
Of course , due to its sheer military might and numerous alliances , the US will remain on top for the foreseeable future .
But military dominance alone is unable to confer authority , as the Afghan quagmire reminds us every day .
PARIS -- Beyond the headlines , the embarrassment of governments , and the blow dealt to the secrecy of diplomatic correspondence , WikiLeaks ' exposure of US diplomatic cables offers a raw illustration of how deeply the essence of power has been altered in our information age .
Of course , access to a networked world has also balanced state power in positive ways , by giving a formidable boost to independent advocacy , as seen in the online campaign to ban landmines and the treaty that ratified its success -- despite opposition by powerful states .
Both the Polish and the Ukrainian experiences have convinced me that the will to live in dignity is the most powerful engine of human action , an engine that is capable of overcoming even the greatest fear .
But was it really inevitable that so much solidarity had to escape our Solidarity ?
Torture , Yakubov says , enables the government to keep the public in fear and submission .
Lula will face a similar situation to that which confronted President Cardoso , whose Social Democratic Party -LRB- PSDB -RRB- managed over the course of eight years to push through legislation on the basis of party coalitions that looked highly unstable to outsiders .
During these three periods of military rule , the country was able to align itself quickly with the US .
The composite dialogue was put on hold , with both sides unable to cast off the heavy burden of decades of hostility and intense rivalry .
There was considerable public anger in Pakistan at the way British Prime Minister David Cameron handled such suspicions , some of which was directed at President Asif Ali Zardari , who decided to proceed with a planned official visit to London despite Cameron 's harsh language .
This time , however , foreign help might not be as readily available as it was in , say , 2008 .
Much of this increase is occurring in large cities where discontent was already mounting in response to the government 's palpable failure to provide basic goods and services .
The military 's high and positive profile seems to suggest that it is the only institution left in a tottering state that seems able to stabilize a delicate situation .
The difference between today and the periods that preceded other Pakistani coups is that an active civil society , an unconstrained electronic and print media , and an assertive judiciary may be able to keep the military in the barracks and force the politicians onto the right track .
Given the way Musharraf governed the country , it is hard to imagine that he will be able to stage a political comeback .
Then , an energized legal community , supported by a hyperactive media , was able to defy a military government .
The economy is in shambles , and unable to meet the International Monetary Fund demands for its continued support .
If the IMF terminates its current program , Pakistan will be unable to service its foreign debt .
The changes are supposed to make the executive branch accountable to the elected parliament , expand the prime minister 's authority , devolve more power to the provinces , and ensure independence to the judiciary .
Thus empowered , the general has been able to exert his influence over foreign policy , in particular in defining the country 's relations with the US , India , and Afghanistan .
It could also happen in Pakistan , which would help to solve other , seemingly intractable problems .
These laws , originally promulgated by the British in colonial India and made more draconian by a succession of Pakistani administrations , make any comment considered to be disrespectful toward Islam or the Prophet Muhammad an offense punishable by death .
`` I am happy to inform the honorable members of this House that I have decided to invite President Musharraf to come to India to watch the cricket match between our two teams .
ISLAMABAD -- Relations between the United States and Pakistan have continued to fray since a US Special Forces team killed Osama bin Laden in a comfortable villa near a major Pakistani military academy .
On one hand , Pakistan is seeking large investments from China to improve its physical infrastructure and exploit its considerable mineral wealth .
Moreover , the way ordinary Chinese rallied to help victims of the earthquake in Sichuan has been quite remarkable , as have been the spontaneous efforts of people in Burma to assist their fellow citizens , even as the military did very little .
The declaration held that `` recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom , justice , and peace in the world . ''
Whatever the cause , the consequences remain deplorable .
Yet Germans , too , are unable to suppress such feelings .
It was the first time since their ruinous wartime defeat that Germans were able to feel proud of themselves . Here was a victory they could celebrate .
For more than six months , the country has been unable to form a government that is able to unite the French-speaking Walloons -LRB- 32 % -RRB- and Dutch-speaking Flemish -LRB- 58 % -RRB- .
Divorces are never painless . And ethnic nationalism unleashes emotions that are almost always undesirable .
On the other hand , European diplomacy has had some remarkable successes .
Attachment to national feeling was further undermined by governments ' habit of blaming unpopular policies on European Union bureaucrats , who are increasingly seen as yet another bunch of self-satisfied , privileged , and unaccountable elitists .
Tolerance , European unity , distrust of nationalism , and vigilance against racism are laudable goals .
And yet , there is something odd about the European mania for a black American politician , even as we all know that a black president or prime minister -LRB- let alone one whose middle name is Hussein -RRB- is still unthinkable in Europe .
Europeans have long been hospitable to black American stars .
A multi-polar world , many thought , would be vastly preferable to more Pax Americana .
Obama 's election has demonstrated that things are still achievable in the US that remain unthinkable elsewhere .
The Strange Death of Multiculturalism An ideology which holds that people from different cultures must live in separate communities within a country , should not take an interest in each other and must not criticise each other is both wrong and unworkable .
Liberal democracy and Islam are reconcilable .
Indonesia 's current political transition from dictatorship to democracy , although no unqualified success , shows that this is achievable .
Further constraints on freedom of speech -- such as anti-blasphemy laws or , indeed , those laws that make Holocaust denial punishable -- go too far .
Objections from European and Asian allies were brushed away as old-fashioned , unimaginative , cowardly reactions to the dawn of a new age of worldwide democracy , enforced by unassailable US military power .
Even if , by some miracle , Iraq were to evolve into a stable , harmonious , liberal democratic state , the price already paid in -LRB- mostly Iraqi -RRB- blood and -LRB- mostly American -RRB- treasure is already too high to justify the kind of revolutionary military intervention promoted by the neo-cons .
The ideal of pan-Asian solidarity in a common struggle for independence was not a bad one ; in fact , it was commendable .
On December 10 , the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , more than 300 Chinese citizens , ranging from law professors to businessmen , farmers , and even some government officials , put their names to a remarkable document , entitled Charter 08 .
While the government might be able to crush such disturbances with force , a loss of confidence among the middle class would be more serious .
So what explains the remarkable appeal of Jewish conspiracy theories in Asia ?
Japan was able to defeat Russia in 1905 only after a Jewish banker in New York , Jacob Schiff , helped Japan by floating bonds . So The Protocols of the Elders of Zion confirmed what the Japanese already suspected ; Jews really did pull the strings of global finance .
Jewish refugees in Shanghai , though never comfortable , at least remained alive under Japanese protection .
In the case of Wilders , it makes a difference that he is a politician , not just a private individual , pandering to dangerous prejudices against a vulnerable minority .
Socially , there are too many variables to establish an absolute , universal principle .
It should have been clear to them that a violent crackdown was inevitable .
The only candidates allowed to run were men with impeccable religious credentials , loyal to a regime whose most important decisions are made by unelected clerics .
Since Iran is the enemy -LRB- remember George W. Bush 's `` axis of evil '' ? -RRB- , it is better to deal with a president who talks and acts like a crazy thug , than with a reasonable-sounding figure who promises reforms .
The system worked in a fashion : LDP faction bosses took turns as prime minister , palms were greased by various business interests , more or less capable bureaucrats decided on domestic economic policies , and the United States took care of Japan 's security -LRB- and much of its foreign policy , too -RRB- .
Even if the system were to become something like Japan 's democracy in the 1920 's , with two more or less conservative parties competing for power , this would still be preferable to a one-party state .
One may or may not agree with Kouchner 's policies , but his motives are surely impeccable .
A nuclear-armed Iran would certainly make Israel feel more vulnerable .
So perhaps the existential fear of some Western intellectuals is easier to explain than their remarkable , sometimes fawning trust in the US government to save the world by force .
And , while equal treatment under the law obviously is one of democracy 's more commendable features , the zeal of elected officials and mass media that pander to popular opinion in their treatment of talented artists is the ugly face of democracy .
If he decides to resist being tried in a court of law , like any other offender , this would be understandable .
Whether it is admirable is another question .
The allure of revolutionary élan has drawn some former leftists to the neo-conservative side . But most liberals were deeply alarmed by the neo-cons , without being able to find a coherent answer .
What people crave in uncertain times is strong leadership from charismatic figures who promise to sweep the stables , get rid of corruption , and stand up for the little man against selfish politicians and against foreigners who threaten us with strange habits and religions .
The first few years of the occupation of Japan were indeed a remarkable success for democracy .
True , for most people , life under right-wing Asian strongmen was , on the whole , preferable to life under Mao , Pol Pot , Kim Il Sung , or even Ho Chi Minh .
But , while it is the only Asian democracy able to balance the power of China , the system established after WWII is not best suited to this task .
The DPJ threatened to change comfortable old arrangements , whereby the US could more or less tell the Japanese what to do .
This agenda might seem selfish , though understandable from the point of view of an oil billionaire .
Japan , the old wartime enemy , has been outmaneuvered repeatedly , and a soft touch made South Koreans and Southeast Asians feel relatively comfortable with China 's increasing power .
Islamist extremism is a handy revolutionary creed for vulnerable young people to latch onto , to gain a sense of power and belonging .
Contrary to what the Nobel Prize-winning author José Saramago once said , the Israeli army 's attacks in Gaza are not comparable in any way to Auschwitz .
By comparing Islam in general -- not only Islamist terrorism -- to fascism , as the right-wing populists do , and to suggest that Europe faces a threat comparable to the Nazis , is not just wrong , but dangerous .
There is no figure in either country comparable to Khomeini .
The Islamic Brotherhood in Egypt , despite being banned , is a formidable organization .
Revolts of the Righteous It has become fashionable in certain smart circles to regard atheism as a sign of superior education , of a more highly evolved civilization , of enlightenment .
It is unreasonable in this democratic age to pay special deference to people solely on the basis of their birth .
Now , one might argue that the dignified pomp of Queen Elizabeth II is preferable to the tawdry grandiosity of Silvio Berlusconi , Madonna , or Cristiano Ronaldo .
Yet the forthcoming trial of Ratko Mladi? raises certain uncomfortable questions .
It was believed , perhaps correctly , that the Germans would be incapable of trying their own former leaders .
States , too , should be held accountable for their deeds -- hence , in 1948 , the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide .
However , the laudable effort to prevent such a thing from recurring has had unfortunate consequences .
These claims began to be made by respectable conservatives , and even some social democrats , in the 1990 's .
Putting pressure on Israel to stop building settlements and come to terms with a viable Palestinian state will be very difficult .
The new Proud of the Netherlands Movement , led by Rita Verdonk , the former Minister of Integration , promotes a somewhat more respectable version of this hard line .
These parties and movements share a sense that native-born citizens have been let down by liberal political elites , who seem unable or unwilling to stem the tide of immigration , crime , and Islamist militancy , as well as the erosion of national sovereignty by EU bureaucracy and global capitalism .
Commentators in the US and elsewhere have accused the Dutch of `` unacceptable cowardice . ''
Whatever the merits -- and they are considerable -- of her arguments against the bigotry of Islamic or African customs , especially those concerning the treatment of women , she lent respectability to bigotry of a different kind : the native resentment of foreigners , and Muslims in particular .
It is true that the Dutch , proud and comfortable inside their narrow borders , have , like the Swiss , often viewed the outside world with a degree of smugness .
After Franco 's death in 1975 , Spain , too , treated its recent history with remarkable discretion .
But even if extreme caution is sometimes understandable , it may not be wise , as a matter of general principle , to ban abhorrent or simply cranky views of the past .
But even during the most ruthless phases of Western capitalism , civil society in Europe and the US was made up of a huge network of organizations independent of the state -- churches , clubs , parties , societies , and associations that were available to all social classes .
The IT revolution and associated `` swarm '' technologies enable the foremost solution : a `` digital airspace '' that is wholly automatic in terms of air traffic control , navigation , and vehicle operations .
A digital airspace would in turn enable a complete revolution in personal mobility .
Nevertheless , even given eventual development of an affordable , safe , fly\/drive , airport-independent personal transportation system , there would still be a need to re-invent long-haul transport , especially for transoceanic flights .
The issue of water emissions can be addressed by designs that enable long-haul aircraft to cruise below 9,000 meters .
Such designs could be enabled by using circulation control for high lift and employed at cruising altitude for ride quality . The resulting STOL -LRB- short takeoff and landing -RRB- performance could also improve airport productivity .
Reductions of other greenhouse gases , such as nitric oxide , are attainable through clever combustor design .
But the European Commission is not accountable to the European Parliament in the same way that a national government is accountable to its parliament .
That implication is intolerable , and it will progressively weaken and divide the EU through a type of semi-official hostility to religious faith .
Nobody could imagine that the invention of the atomic bomb would give the US such an extraordinary military advantage that defending Europe would become feasible and acceptable to the American public .
For now , South Korea will need to rely on lionhearted tolerance in its relations with the North , because there is simply no other viable option at hand .
Sustainable Medicine
Sustainable Medicine
European countries are under severe cost pressures as well , undermining their cherished ideal of equitable access .
We need a `` sustainable medicine '' that is affordable to national health care systems and provides equitable access in the long term .
As with environmentalism , sustainable medicine requires reformulating the idea of progress that drives technology costs and fuels public demand .
Long-term affordability and equitable access requires a finite vision of medicine and health care , one that does not try to overcome aging , death , and disease , but tries to help everyone avoid a premature death and to live decent , even if not perfect , lives .
Comparable sums must be spent on understanding and changing health behaviors that are most likely to bring about disease .
Sustainable medicine also requires comparing health care expenditure with spending on other socially important goods .
In any case , sustainable medicine acknowledges that rationing is and always will be a part of any health care system .
Most fundamentally , a finite model of medicine must accept human aging and death as part of the human life cycle , not some kind of preventable condition .
Slower technological progress may seem a high price to pay for sustainable health care .
At the same time , only about 40 % of the rise in health status over the past century is attributable to medical progress , with the rest reflecting improved social and economic conditions .
That outcome should be acceptable to everyone .
Both understood that for centuries the English Channel has been a formidable geopolitical barrier to a durable sharing of interests between Britain and France .
If the Channel has been such a barrier , durable bonds across the Atlantic seem implausible .
Europeans do not accept the Bush administration 's strategic vision , and the US is unable to pursue that vision without European support .
Indeed , there is now considerable opposition to that vision in the US itself .
Between September 1994 -LRB- the year of their inception -RRB- and January 2001 , the AFJP yielded an average annual rate of return of 10.9 % in US dollars -- nearly 600 basis points above the return obtainable from US Treasury Bills .
The rate of return on their portfolio holdings from September 1994 to December 2002 is around 9.5 % per year in real terms , which appears more than reasonable by any account .
A criminal law that makes it preferable for carriers of HIV not to know that they are infected and capable of spreading it to others , including their loved ones , seems particularly suited to Mr. Bumble 's condemnation .
When persons face the possibility of criminal sanctions , not knowing their HIV status can be their most-effective legal defense . Prosecutions will act to deter many people -- especially men as well as persons living in areas where HIV treatment is largely unavailable -- from being tested because it would expose them to the risk of criminal liability .
Yet , until governments -- and the elites that support and benefit from them -- are prepared to commit to democracy , good governance , and the rule of law , and until they are accountable to their populations , coups will remain a viable option .
While deleveraging is ongoing in advanced economies , many developing countries will be able to explore untapped investment opportunities -- infrastructure bottlenecks being a glaring example .
Given that these policies enabled these countries to respond well to shocks coming from the crisis epicenter , there are strong incentives to keep them in place .
There is , however , a major threat to a smooth transition to new sources of global growth : the possibility of overshooting in the inevitable asset-price adjustment accompanying the shift in relative growth prospects and perceptions of risks .
In every case , these imbalances were fueled by easily identifiable periods of euphoria and sudden asset-prices increases .
They can take advantage of the current bonanza in available capital to build contestability , transparency , and institutional quality around markets in which greenfield investments can be implemented .
They can ensure that the rules they have in place are consistent and favorable to funding investment projects with long maturities .
If asset-price bubbles develop , balance sheets may look sound individually , but the entire network of interlinked asset-liability structures will become increasingly dependent on overvalued collateral , and thus vulnerable to financial contagion .
The subplot is inevitably how a Latin American country that once seemed more like Europe developed all the maladies of its Southern neighbors : a state unable to guarantee public health and education ; a growing gap between rich and poor ; the disappearance of the middle class ; and the decline of industrial capacity in favor of producing raw materials .
All of this is undeniable , and yet the most important change in Argentina -- one that occurred a few years earlier -- went unnoticed .
To begin with , they reject all academic conventions , such as footnotes , graphics , or judicious explanations in favor of agreeable journalistic narratives pitched to a mass audience .
They appeal , above all , to the logic of popular suspicion that perhaps becomes inevitable when a proud nation is suddenly laid low : Pigna , like Lanata , presents a history full of conspiracy , lies , treason , and corruption .
Eradicating diseases that have killed or disabled untold numbers of people is a goal that is easy to understand and support .
And the challenge of ensuring adequate surveillance appears insurmountable when one considers that polio can suddenly reappear out of the blue in a so-called wild-type form .
The best that can be done is to seek to control polio , and to hope that politics , economics , and ethics allow us to get that far . Those involved in efforts aimed at complete eradication should rethink their goal , lest faith in the unattainable leads to disaster .
Twenty-five years ago , only Colombia , Costa Rica , and Venezuela were reasonably stable Latin American democracies .
But this is not inevitable , above all because Aymaras and non-Aymaras , Indians and non-Indians , will continue to work to preserve unity in democracy as the basis for a more just future .
It is possible to see in Chavez but another Latin American populist sorcerer 's apprentice , one whose political shelf life will expire whenever oil prices begin their inevitable shift backward .
Especially , the view of the Washington Consensus seems irretrievable ; its `` grand tale '' is now beyond the pale in the region 's societies after it did not deliver the promised prosperity .
BOGOTÁ : Cocaine production is rising ; peace talks with leftist guerrillas have stalled ; America 's $ 1.8 billion `` Plan Colombia '' - meant to train and equip special anti-drug battalions to eradicate coca production - is portrayed as a clumsy , self-serving intervention in the affairs of a vulnerable neighbor .
Once deemed the `` Tibet of Latin America '' because of its excessive protectionism and intolerable isolation , Colombia embarked on market-based reforms - the `` apertura '' - which Chile , Mexico and Argentina were then experimenting with .
Over the period for which modern statistics are readily available , Democrats have outperformed Republicans by almost every traditional measure of economic performance -LRB- per capita GDP growth , unemployment , inflation , budget deficits -RRB- .
Nor are there clearly identifiable differences in doctrine that should translate into a reasonable expectation of better economic performance under one party than the other .
There is now an overwhelming consensus that open , transparent , and accountable mechanisms of shareholder control are essential for the efficient functioning of public corporations .
Maybe that capitalism works better when it is being held accountable to some external standard than when left to its own devices .
Friedman 's voice was a skeptical breath of fresh air at a time when the reigning viewpoint was a kind of smug pseudo-socialism that did not recognize the astounding power of markets to accomplish desirable aims .
But Israel has officially rejected its basic premises with patently unacceptable caveats and prerequisites .
This intricate honeycomb divides the entire West Bank into multiple fragments , often uninhabitable or even unreachable .
As presently circumscribed and isolated , without access to the air , sea , or the West Bank , Gaza is a nonviable economic and political entity .
This will never be acceptable either to Palestinians or to the international community , and will inevitably precipitate increased tension and violence within Palestine and stronger resentment and animosity from the Arab world against America , which will be held accountable for the plight of the Palestinians .
Similarly , an overwhelming number of both Israelis and Palestinians want a durable two-state solution .
Militant Palestinians and Lebanese know that a captured Israeli soldier or civilian is either a cause of conflict or a valuable bargaining chip for prisoner exchange .
It is inarguable that Israel has a right to defend itself against attacks on its citizens , but it is inhumane and counterproductive to punish civilian populations in the illogical hope that somehow they will blame Hamas and Hezbollah for provoking the devastating response .
Except for mutually agreeable negotiated modifications , Israel 's official pre-1967 borders must be honored .
I condemned these attacks as abominable and an act of terrorism , since most of the thirteen victims during the past seven years have been non-combatants .
In so doing , it could prove that the decline of religion in Europe is not an inevitable process tightly linked to modernization , but a historical choice Europeans have made .
Though the Chávez revolution has made progress against poverty and inequality , it is hardly sustainable and reeks of patronage .
This is remarkable in a country that for as long as anyone remembers has been ruled , by hook or by crook , by a reactionary oligarchy .
By all accounts a reasonable man , Funes faces an uphill battle in preaching moderation .
But even moderate critics of the mosque -LRB- actually an Islamic cultural center with a prayer room called Park 51 -RRB- betray in their arguments two assumptions that are as questionable as they are ingrained in the prevailing public discourse in the US .
While accepting the project 's impeccable legal credentials , its opponents nevertheless demand that it be relocated on the grounds that even fully lawful conduct may be offensive to a group of citizens .
Some of the project 's adversaries claim that it must be stopped because it will be a tribute to the perpetrators of a despicable deed .
Feeling uncomfortable with this rationale , other opponents deny the religious nature of the dispute and make clear that theirs is not a quarrel with Islam .
The policies that resulted from these decisions may or may not be necessary for America 's long-term security interests , but it is undeniable that they have fueled a backlash in the Muslim world which has , on occasion , reared its head in murderous ways .
It is possible to disagree with Wright and his ilk , but it is hardly disputable that public debate in the US has systematically failed to engage in a serious discussion about the disturbing political issues that lurk beneath -- although never justify -- those attacks .
But , as worrying as this might appear , this actually represents a considerable demographic slowdown : India 's population more than tripled during the past sixty years .
So will India be able to provide a comfortable home for 1.5 billion people ?
There are nonetheless some notable success stories .
Delhi 's barely breathable air has become tolerable , following a big move to compressed natural gas in public transport , retirement of old vehicles , and higher emissions standards in new ones .
Doing what has to be done to ensure sustainable water supplies - controlling pollution , encouraging conservation , regulating and charging where necessary - is politically tough .
The Judicial Massacre of Srebrenica The judgment of the International Court of Justice -LRB- ICJ -RRB- concerning Serbia 's involvement in the massacre of Bosnian Muslims at Srebrenica in 1995 should be greeted with considerable ambivalence .
Nor was Serbia guilty of complicity , because , though it exercised considerable influence over Mladic and his people , it did not know , at the moment when the genocide was taking place that such a crime was being committed .
It seems far more reasonable to believe that Serbia 's leaders were informed about what was going on , and that , despite this , Serbia 's military , financial , and political assistance to Mladic was never interrupted .
In the words of Immanuel Kant , not some Texas governor , no other `` penalty is capable of satisfying justice . ''
First , in a modern democracy , punishment must be not only retributive , but should also try to rehabilitate the criminal in order to enable him to live in society with other human beings .
Yet , while the two parties now seem irreconcilable , it is not too late for compromise .
Kosovo would acquire limited independence , with its status rising from a province of a sovereign state to an international subject capable of entering into certain agreements with other states and even joining the UN .
Any step designed to hold Sudan 's leaders accountable for their crimes is therefore most welcome .
However , according to the international case law , one can prove by inference a defendant 's state of mind only if the inference is the only reasonable one that can be drawn based on the evidence .
In the case of Darfur , it would seem more reasonable to infer from the evidence the intent to commit crimes against humanity -LRB- extermination , etc. -RRB- , rather than the intent to annihilate ethnic groups in whole or in part .
The Wolf that Ate Georgia FLORENCE -- In Phaedrus 's well-known fable of the wolf and the lamb , the wolf easily could have eaten the lamb without a word , but prefers to set out his `` reasons . ''
This is all the more necessary for the Security Council 's five permanent members , because , aside from condemnation by public opinion , no sanctions are available against them for any serious breach of the Charter .
Hence , as in Phaedrus 's fable , the Kremlin 's `` justifications '' are empty .
Plainly , by itself the law may not be able to offer the right solution in such a complex and dangerous situation .
Moreover , it did so without an endgame strategy , and with a level of force so `` underwhelming '' that it made the outrageous behavior at the Abu Ghraib prison almost inevitable .
By so doing , Bush 's team left America 's friends in Latin America - no less than in Europe and elsewhere - in a hapless situation : rightly unable and unwilling to support the US march of folly , and understandably reluctant to poison hemispheric relations in general with the type of strident criticism that local public opinion demands .
He basically argued that over the past ten years , Mexico , while hardly a paradise , was on something of a roll : inflation came under control , growth began to pick up , poverty was being reduced , and lower interest rates made credit available to the lower middle class .
But in fact , the discussion was largely meaningless , because the policies that theoretically would have sprung from the electorate favoring one world-view or the other were either unviable or already in place .
And López Obrador would not have been able to move Mexico away from the United States , revise NAFTA , massively and overnight re-orient public spending , eliminate poverty , and create millions of jobs through unfunded infrastructure programs , as he said , and truly seemed to believe , he would do .
Indeed , after ten years of uninterrupted macroeconomic stability -- something Mexico had not experienced since the 1960 's -- the middle class has expanded dramatically , and reasonably priced bank credit is now available to millions who had been excluded in the past .
None of these indispensable and long-postponed reforms will convince López Obrador 's followers that the end of poverty and inequality in Mexico is around the corner .
Bush was also able to partly change the tone of the US message in the hemisphere : from free trade and fighting terrorism , to combating poverty and strengthening democracy and human rights .
But everyone would also be in better shape today if Bush had been able to actually deliver on the main issues his interlocutors took up with him .
Here , despite the photo-ops and the hugs and the local cuisine , the American president was simply not ready , willing or able , to give satisfaction to his colleagues , from capital to capital .
Colombia 's Eternal Agony Colombia is in better shape today than it has been for years , thanks largely to President Alvaro Uribe 's leadership , but it remains a bizarre place , one facing strange and intractable challenges .
Latin America 's oldest standing two-party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrático presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Party 's contender , finally giving electoral expression to left-wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Even the questionable deal Uribe cut with the right-wing paramilitary AUC groups , pardoning up to 30,000 of their members for often horrendous crimes in exchange for their disarmament , appeared successful .
For example , protectionist Democrats in the US Congress have been able to insulate themselves from charges of opposing free trade if they scuttle Colombia 's FTA , because they will most likely ratify the deals for Panama and Peru .
Of course , as the murders show , Colombia remains a bizarre place , one facing strange and intractable challenges .
Latin America 's oldest standing two-party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrático presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Party 's contender , finally giving electoral expression to left-wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Even the questionable deal Uribe cut with the right-wing paramilitary AUC groups , pardoning up to 30,000 of their members for often horrendous crimes in exchange for their disarmament , appeared successful .
For example , protectionist Democrats in the US Congress have been able to insulate themselves from charges of opposing free trade if they scuttle Colombia 's FTA , because they will most likely ratify the deals for Panama and Peru .
Given the absence of any regulation regarding fairness in news coverage of campaigns , the blatant corruption of many news organizations , and the absence of a current affairs program on national , prime-time television , banning the purchase of airtime merely erects an insurmountable barrier to potential new political entrants .
It is understandable that he wishes to distinguish himself from his predecessor , Vicente Fox , who was unable to get meaningful reforms through Congress .
But it is not reasonable to do so by proposing a cure that is worse than the disease .
First , Raúl will barely be able to budge even on the modest , strictly economic and regulatory reforms that he hopes , somewhat naïvely , will put food back on Cubans ' table .
Second , while the succession arrangement that the Castros designed years ago has the advantage of stability and predictability , Raúl will be unable to replace the old guard with younger leaders -LRB- his successor in the Armed Forces is 72 and his vice-president is 77 -RRB- .
But the Vietnamese or Chinese roads are unacceptable in Latin America , which has made huge progress in transforming advances in democracy and respect for human rights into a regional legal order that goes beyond national sovereignty or the sacrosanct principle of non-intervention .
There are sound reasons to set a timetable for Cuba 's return to the Latin American democratic fold , without imposing elections as a first step or precondition .
What would be unacceptable are the two extremes : making an immediate transition to democratic rule a precondition for normalization of relations with the US and re-entering the Latin American community , or exempting Cuba from the obligation to adhere to democratic principles and practices on the grounds that it is somehow different .
Only then we will know if the trade-off at least made sense , even if for many it was unacceptable : authentic social justice and progress in exchange for authoritarian rule , international ostracism , and a cultural desert .
At least since December 1956 , when Fidel and Raúl Castro , together with a young Argentine doctor , later known as Che Guevara , sailed from Mexico 's port of Tuxpan to Cuba and into history , the region has seen innumerable attempts by small left-wing revolutionary groups to take power through armed uprisings .
Democratic transitions throughout the hemisphere had made guerrilla warfare unjustifiable : as Che foretold in his La Guerra de Guerrillas in 1962 , wherever the trappings -LRB- or , one might add , the realities -RRB- of democratic rule prevailed , taking up arms was pointless .
So if Villalobos and Dieterich are right about the FARC 's imminent collapse , it would be a veritable milestone for the region , and a vindication of a strategy -- Uribe 's -- of which many of us were wary .
And this occurred thanks to skillful United Nations involvement , led by Alvaro de Soto ; the talent of sophisticated FMLN leaders like Villalobos and chief negotiator Salvador Samayoa ; strong pressure from the US and its point-man , Bernard Aronson ; and Salvadoran President Alfredo Christiani 's undeniable courage and vision .
The list of problems facing Latin America is long , but the salient themes are easily distinguishable .
First , and perhaps least self-evident , is energy . Countries like Mexico , Venezuela , and Colombia supply up to 40 % of US oil imports , and could easily replace unstable suppliers in the Middle East .
Cooperation on security matters is desirable for America , and indispensable for the countries of the region .
While Latin America will not be a priority for either an Obama or McCain administration , continuing the United States ' neglect of the last seven years is no longer viable .
Demanding a full-fledged democratic transition as a pre-condition for normalizing US-Cuban relations is both unrealistic and unpalatable to Latin America .
The best , strictly Latin America-focused steps , are self-evident , if not easily achievable .
Turning its back in the face of such challenges is no longer a viable American option .
The Bush administration 's regrettable decision to build fences along the US-Mexico border , raid workplaces and housing sites , detain and deport foreigners without papers , is viewed in Latin America as being hypocritical and offensive .
Apart from being a victory for international justice , the referral was also a promise to victims of the horrific crimes in Darfur that the perpetrators of the crimes against them would one day be held accountable .
He proved unable to forge lasting legislative coalitions , leading Calderón to decide that his first break with the past should consist in building alliances to enact reform .
Among his few successes are state-employee pension fund reforms , which will save the system from bankruptcy . Another lies in having weakened and neutralized the left-wing opposition , and being able to govern without major confrontations in the streets or Congress .
Calderón decided , in late 2006 , that accommodation was no longer tolerable : the violence had gotten out of control ; the corruption and complicity had infected the nation 's police and political elite ; and Mexico had become a major producer of methamphetamines for the US , as well as a significant consumer of cocaine .
By 2006 , when Daniel Ortega was finally re-elected , the old Sandinista Front of 1979 was unrecognizable .
The FMLN nominated a presentable and attractive candidate , Mauricio Funes , for last Sunday 's presidential election , and , despite seeing a 10-point lead whittled down to barely two points by election night , squeaked out an uncontested victory .
Cuban and Venezuelan involvement in political parties in Mexico or Brazil , for example , is undisputable , but not necessarily very relevant .
To dismiss the FMLN 's historical achievement as simply an act of justice or a foreseeable event in a tiny backwater would be reckless .
The so-called ALBA countries -LRB- the Spanish acronym for the so-called Bolivarian Alternative for the Americas -RRB- , which includes Cuba , Venezuela , Honduras , Nicaragua , Bolivia , Dominica , and Ecuador , were able partly to outwit -- and partly to `` out-blackmail '' -- Canada , the United States , and the Latin American democracies in getting Cuba rehabilitated .
And I believe that it is unwinnable because it fails to comply with the tenets of the Powell Doctrine , elaborated 18 years ago by Colin Powell , then Chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , in relation to the first Gulf War .
Another was definable victory , which one never has in a war on drugs -LRB- a term first used by Richard Nixon in the late 1960 's -RRB- .
Subsequently , the interim government was able to resist pressure from abroad to restore him , held a previously scheduled election , and handed power over to a new , democratically-elected president , Porfirio Lobo , who has now been recognized by the US , the EU , and several , though not all , of the region 's governments .
But even a purely rhetorical structure would probably sound the death knell of the OAS , and weaken its human rights instruments , which have proved increasingly valuable and effective .
As recently as June 7 , the Bolivarian countries were able to block Honduras ' re-instatement into the OAS , despite the essentially free and fair elections that were held there last November .
There is nothing wrong with either per se , so long as they are sustainable in the medium term and viable in the long term .
Brazilian corporations , especially construction companies , have huge investments and contracts in Venezuela , and Lula has used his friendship with the Castro brothers and Chávez to placate the left wing of his party , which has never been comfortable with his orthodox economic policies .
MEXICO CITY -- Everyone these days , it seems , has their own favorite American diplomatic cable -- or will soon -- given that the 250,000 documents obtained by WikiLeaks include references to almost every country in the world .
Nothing extraordinary has been revealed , but the cables now available allow readers and analysts to draw some preliminary conclusions about the Obama administration 's views of the region ; about Latin American leaders ' attitudes toward the United States ; and about the quality of US diplomatic and intelligence-gathering activities in the hemisphere .
There have been some notable documents , though not many .
The American envoy got right what happened , its implications , and how to enable Barack Obama 's incoming administration to deal intelligently -- and differently from the past -- with one of its first crises in Latin America .
Another impressive cable was sent on November 17 , 2009 , by Charles H. Rivkin , US Ambassador to France , regarding the competition between French companies and Boeing for a contract worth tens of billions of dollars to provide advanced fighter planes to Brazil .
Another good example of interesting and competent reporting lies in the cable sent from La Paz , Bolivia on March 30 , 2006 , by Ambassador David Greenlee , highlighting the tensions between the Cuban and Venezuelan advisers and security personnel surrounding President Evo Morales , as well as the circles of elites around him .
Cables from Managua between 2006 and 2009 rehash old stories about Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega 's ties to drug traffickers like Colombian cocaine kingpin Pablo Escobar , including mention of a video purportedly showing Sandinistas off-loading cocaine from planes in 1984 , and dwell on Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez 's off-the-books financial backing for Ortega .
There is also a quaint anecdote regarding Nicaraguan prizefighter Ricardo Mayorga , who was caught by Sandinista security while raping or harassing a young woman in his hotel ; according to the cables , Ortega blackmailed Mayorga into sharing his boxing proceeds with him and supporting him in the elections that year .
Similarly , a cable concerning a Mexican-sponsored attempt earlier this year to create something like the Organization of American States , but without the US and Canada , is chockfull of largely accurate but excessive rhetoric blasting Mexican diplomacy .
Backing the creation of a `` Community of Latin American and Caribbean States , '' according to the cable , is logical for a would-be regional hegemon like Brazil , but somewhat absurd for Mexico , which does 90 % of everything -LRB- trade , investment , tourism , immigration -RRB- with the US and Canada , and depends on US support in fighting the country 's drug cartels .
Obama plunged into Mexico 's drug war at the outset of his administration , and now faces perils that are barely touched upon in Washington , except in cables originating in Mexico .
The logical conclusion of all this is evident : since Mexican President Felipe Calderón himself can not be both president and drug czar , and is rightly unwilling and logically unable to carry out the necessary day-to-day interagency coordination in Mexico , the void will be filled by someone else .
The economy is growing at a sustainable pace .
As long as China and India maintain their insatiable appetite for commodities , Brazil 's exports will finance today 's consumer boom .
For these countries , including Mexico , stable , close , and productive relations with America are essential .
The problem with all of this lies in the risk that Vargas Llosa and so many other Latin American public intellectuals run whenever they throw their considerable reputations and talents into the political arena .
If matters turn out well , they look like statesmen and visionaries ; if things go sour , it was their fault for not foreseeing the obvious and inevitable .
Given their growing role in the global economy , it is understandable that larger Latin American countries , along with the other BRICS , are seeking a more influential world role .
If so , is there any conceivable way it could help address the hemisphere 's economic and social dilemmas ?
Lula has been able to neatly dovetail his socialist roots with traditional Brazilian nationalism , which has always been strong in the country 's armed forces . ''
It is also undeniable that the left , rarely having held power , has enjoyed fewer opportunities to lay its hands on national treasuries for one purpose or another .
The vast majority of homosexuals , who are indistinguishable from straight men and women , simply do n't enter into the picture .
Our problem arose when we enabled the virus to move from its normal home into us , by `` farming '' civet cats and other animals .
But it can provide a political framework and institution-building support to improve the deficiencies that made these countries so vulnerable to the crisis : imperfect market economies , weak state institutions , and continued corruption .
The Eastern Partnership 's offer of deep integration with the EU in the areas such as trade and energy carries with it considerable transformational power .
The introduction of the euro by a number of them -- Estonia is likely to follow shortly -- has also been a remarkable success story .
In more practical terms , that means continuing to honor Article 49 of the Treaty of Rome , which keeps the door to membership open to any European country willing and able to share the EU 's values , interests , and policies .
A Europe that closes its door to those willing and able to enter will be a Europe that diminishes its own future .
A sustainable globalization process is not only a paramount interest for Europe itself , but also the only way that we can continue to lift billions of people out of poverty and create better foundations for the rule of the law and global governance in countries still lacking in these respects .
This will require a Europe able to build deep strategic relationships with all the key players in our increasingly multi-polar world .
But , if we are to succeed , we must make the most of our new Lisbon institutions , maintain our commitment to an open Europe , accelerate reform of our economies , and take the lead in forging a new framework for global governance that supports a truly sustainable process of continued globalization .
The dismantling of Colombia 's Cali and Medellin cartels in the 1990 's created a vacuum that Mexico 's cartels were able to fill , ultimately consolidating their position in the drug trade .
But corruption remains a profound and persistent threat to this effort , and if the government can not reduce it significantly -- especially among its anti-drug forces -- a return to tolerance is inevitable .
Cancers that are detected early -- when they are small and less likely to have metastasized -LRB- spread away from the primary tumor -RRB- -- are more likely to be treatable with local therapy , whereas successful treatment is ultimately unlikely once metastatic tumors develop .
While remarkable progress has been made in understanding the biology of cancer -- leading in part to the development of new , less toxic drugs -- our understanding of the biology of tumor metastasis , and especially the development of metastases after a long period of tumor dormancy , has lagged .
Are there modifiable factors -- for example , lifestyle , immune-system status , or environmental conditions -- that influence whether or not patients develop late recurrences ?
Like Vázquez , Lagos , Kirchner , and Lula elsewhere in the region , Lewites offers the possibility of a modern and democratic left , socially committed and at the same time capable of orchestrating national solutions while recognizing and negotiating profound differences with the US and the IMF .
The business interests that finance political campaigns face a difficult dilemma : Is it preferable to align with a PLC dominated by a corrupt Alemán or support a new democratic force and risk helping Ortega win ?
The anti-secession law 's vague language and attempt at softened wording -- perhaps geared toward mollifying foreign critics -- paradoxically increases rather than decreases the likelihood that China and the United States could be unwittingly and unwillingly drawn into an avoidable military conflict .
What happened to them was unimaginable until , through deliberate action , it became real .
In `` The Future of the Holocaust , '' he wrote that those generations born before the genocide of European Jewry `` at least began life in a different world , one from which genocide was absent , in which that occurrence was quite inconceivable . ''
A year ago , the idea that some number of young men would come to the US to train as pilots , hijack four fully loaded passenger jets , and then turn them into missiles to be exploded into some of the most important symbols of Western civilization - was inconceivable .
This first anniversary of the attack will be the first and sharpest of many annual reminders that once again history has turned the unimaginable into the real .
It has now become the central principle of our interaction with the world , and it will be for the foreseeable future .
September 11 , 2002 commands an authority that was unimaginable a year ago .
How is it that people with little or no medical explanation for a persistent pain become partially or totally disabled by it , even with extensive and resourceful treatment ?
Even motor structures that enable so-called `` fight or flight '' responses to a dangerous situation become active .
Why seemingly healthy body areas can hurt persistently , and thereby disable a person , still eludes explanation .
Were adequate primary education available to India 's poor -- or , for that matter , to America 's poor urban blacks -- there would be no need for reserved places in higher education and elsewhere .
Indeed , any Indian able to read this article should consider himself lucky , because India 's politicians have succeeded in keeping a majority of the country 's population thoroughly illiterate -LRB- as well as poor and unhealthy -RRB- .
Likewise , the Mumbai-based NGO Pratham 's Annual Status of Education Report 2005 , which was prepared after a survey in 28 states and union territories , reveals that 35 % of children in the 7-14 age group are unable to read simple paragraphs , while 41 % failed to solve a simple two-digit subtraction problem or a division problem .
The huge mass of evidence available in the censuses and land revenue settlement reports of the period from 1901 to 1931 lies ignored .
Generally , most high-ranking castes occupied high economic positions , and the majority of the `` untouchable '' castes were confined to the lowest economic positions .
Even among the untouchables , some castes have higher economic status than others .
In some regions -- Uttar Pradesh , Bombay -LRB- Maharashtra and Gujarat -RRB- , and the Telugu speaking areas of Madras -LRB- Andhra Pradesh -RRB- -- the lowest economic positions were occupied by some `` backward '' castes , not by untouchables .
There was an elaborate gradation and hierarchy among the middle-ranking and even untouchable castes , which governed interaction between them and kept inter-caste socialization to a minimum .
A visitor in Cuba finds many ready to complain , but the palpable fear and visceral hatred rampant in El Salvador and Chile in the 1980 's is absent in today 's Cuba .
`` Their work is less valuable , '' he said referring to the pesos Cubans earn in an economy sustained by dollar remittances from the foreign diaspora .
More recently , in discussing the Bank 's 2004 report Making Services Work for Poor People , officials put Cuba among countries like Sri Lanka , Costa Rica , and China that `` managed to achieve a level of outcomes in health and education that are extremely favorable . ''
But , again , Obama was the earliest and the most insistent on more equitable fair trade , so he 's the more likely to have a different take than his rivals . Also , Governor Bill Richardson of New Mexico , the former US Ambassador to the United Nations , who is of Latin American descent and now supports Obama , has an affinity for Latin America .
In the words of the strategic analyst Stanley A. Weiss , this `` helped suck the lifeblood out of communism 's global appeal , '' making it incapable of meeting the widespread yearning for a better and more open life .
But , whereas the Europe 's bloody wars in the first half of the twentieth century have made war there unthinkable today , the wars in Asia in the second half of the twentieth century , far from settling or ending disputes , only accentuated bitter rivalries .
Several developments this year underscore China 's more muscular foreign policy , from its inclusion of the South China Sea in its `` core '' national interests -- a move that makes its claims to the disputed Spratly Islands non-negotiable -- to its reference to the Yellow Sea as a sort of exclusive Chinese military-operations zone .
After all , frontiers are never significantly redrawn at the negotiating table , but only on the battlefield , as China has shown in the past .
By contrast , India 's location next to the Af-Pak has left it far more vulnerable , and the country has since suffered a series of major attacks -- from the assault on its parliament in December 2001 to the terrorist siege of Mumbai in 2008 .
Yet natural disasters like storms , hurricanes , and tsunamis are becoming more common , owing to climate change , which will also cause a rise in ocean levels , making seaside reactors even more vulnerable .
Because reactors located inland put serious strain on local freshwater resources -- including greater damage to plant life and fish -- water-stressed countries that are not landlocked try to find suitable seashore sites .
But , whether located inland or on a coast , nuclear power is vulnerable to the likely effects of climate change .
The central dilemma of nuclear power in an increasingly water-stressed world is that it is a water guzzler , yet vulnerable to water .
Moreover , with nearly two-fifths of the world 's population living within 100 kilometers of a coastline , finding suitable seaside sites for initiation or expansion of a nuclear-power program is no longer easy .
If the fallout from those incidents is a reliable guide , however , nuclear power 's advocates will eventually be back .
But Barack Obama 's administration apparently has concluded that Arab monarchs are likely to survive , whereas Arab presidents are more likely to fall , and that it is acceptable for the United States to continue to coddle tyrannical kings .
The first official acknowledgement that China was turning the Varyag into a fully refurbished , deployable aircraft carrier came this month , just when it was almost ready to set sail .
Let 's be clear : America 's Afghan war is not winnable , even though Obama has redefined American goals from defeating the Taliban to preventing Al Qaeda from using Afghanistan as a base to launch attacks on the United States .
According to the latest Annual Threat Assessment of the Intelligence Community released last February , `` Because of the pressure we and our allies have put on Al Qaeda 's core leadership in Pakistan ... Al Qaeda today is less capable and effective than it was a year ago . ''
And , by retaining Afghan bases to carry out covert operations , Predator missions , and other airstrikes , the US would be able to unleash punitive power to prevent a Taliban takeover .
In this scenario , the Tajiks , Uzbeks , Hazaras , and other ethnic minorities would be able to ensure self-governance in the Afghan areas that they dominate , leaving the Pashtun lands on both sides of the British-drawn Durand Line in ferment .
On the ground , it has little political and economic relevance , and it would be militarily impracticable to re-impose the line .
That may sound disturbing , but it is probably an unstoppable consequence of the initial US invasion .
Although China 's economic renaissance had already begun under Deng Xiaoping , the Chinese Communist Party , after 1989 , was able publicly to subordinate ideology to wealth creation .
For India , the end of the Cold War triggered a foreign-policy crisis by eliminating the country 's most reliable partner , the Soviet Union .
But , as with its 1991 financial crisis , India was able to emerge with a revamped foreign policy -- one that abandoned the country 's quixotic traditions and embraced greater realism and pragmatism .
But , just when America 's Sino-centric Asia policy became noticeable , Japan put the US on notice that it can not indefinitely remain a faithful servant of American policies . Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama 's government is seeking to realign foreign policy and rework a 2006 deal for the basing of US military personnel on Okinawa .
In Europe , the bloody wars of the past century have made armed conflict unthinkable today .
But a vulnerable economy dependent on external credit has only helped increase pressure on Sri Lanka to investigate allegations of war crimes and crimes against humanity .
Rather , it comes from the way in which the know-how that China has gained in fashioning domestic cyber oversight is proving invaluable to it in its efforts to engage in cyber intrusion across its frontiers .
Cyber intrusion in peacetime allows the prowler to read the content and understand the relative importance of different computer networks so that it knows what to disable in a conflict situation .
That , in turn , strengthened its two-fold belief -- that its brand of state-steered capitalism offers a credible alternative , and that its global ascendance is inevitable .
Add to the picture the two wars that the US is waging overseas -- one of which is getting hotter and increasingly appears unwinnable -- and what comes to mind among China 's leaders is the historian Paul Kennedy 's warning about `` imperial overstretch . ''
In a non-democracy , officials are held accountable to their superiors , not to voters .
In contrast , over the same period , the cumulative increase was 1.6 times for urban residents ' per capita disposable income and 1.2 times for rural peasants ' per capita income .
Underlying these various , and often banal , tidbits of information -- it should be no surprise that Americans found Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi `` vain , '' or regarded Zimbabwe 's Robert Mugabe as a `` crazy old man '' -- is the larger question of whether governments should be able to keep secrets .
When the Washington Times reported in 1998 that the National Security Agency was able to monitor Osama bin Laden 's satellite phone , for example , he stopped using it .
WikiLeaks sees itself as part of the tradition in which the media hold governments accountable for abuse .
Although opinion polls indicate that a majority still supports the status quo , many are beginning to believe that if the country 's official name , the Republic of China , is not acceptable to the international community , then another name might be .
The reforms have been lauded as a crucial step towards a more stable two-party system .
One of these toxins , now available as the drug PrialtÔ , has been shown to be 1,000 times more potent than morphine , without causing addiction or tolerance , as opiates do .
Hot Rocks CANBERRA -- Ask any power system engineer about renewable energy and you are likely to be told that it does n't deliver `` base-load '' power .
In other words , renewable energy ca n't be relied upon to provide power 24 hours a day , seven days a week : wind does n't always spin the turbines on the hill , the sun can not shine on solar power stations at night , and even hydroelectricity can run short if the rains do n't come .
The inherently erratic behavior of the major renewable energy technologies presents serious problems for power system planners .
It limits how much of these types of renewable power can usefully be fed into the world 's electricity grids .
After all , consumers expect power always to be available .
The engineering solution is to keep a large amount of reliable base-load power as a major component of the generating mix and supplement this with `` peaking plants '' that can be brought on-line when needs arise .
Yet , even at shallow depths , useful temperatures for power generation are often available .
This `` conventional '' geothermal energy has been used to generate reliable base-load electricity for more than 100 years , and is now used in many countries including Italy , Iceland , Japan , New Zealand , and the western United States .
The technology is well established , and the track record of reliable power generation includes more than 9000 megawatts of generating capacity .
More tantalizing for humanity 's need for widely available , clean base-load power is the non-conventional geothermal energy called `` hot dry rocks , '' or HDR .
Re-engineering humanity 's power systems is going to be an expensive undertaking , regardless of what mix of technologies are used , and the chosen systems will have to be reliable and widely available .
That conclusion stems from an inescapable fact : the families of most working children depend on their labors to survive .
Because child labor means cheap labor , the young are often the most employable in developing and recession-plagued economies .
Even when an employer is reasonable , working conditions may still prove dangerous .
Indian children inhale large doses of sulphur and potassium chlorate to fashion flammable powder into matches .
Brazilian , Colombian , and Egyptian youngsters who work in brickyards often suffer irreparable spinal damage from carrying heavy loads .
Obviously , Pakistani Prime Minister Mir Zafarulla Khan Jamali will be able to offer no satisfactory answer to this question -- not when he has to go home and report to his boss , the General-turned-President Pervez Musharraf .
Musharraf 's vulnerable domestic position makes him probably the last man who can resolve with India the core issue of Kashmir .
If deadlock and confusion were the only results , such political impasses might be tolerable .
For example , since Pakistan 's creation in 1947 , partisan divisions have ensured that no elected government has been able to serve its full term .
True , Asian democracies , however unstable , are preferable to autocracies , whether military , as in Pakistan and Burma , or communist , as in China and Vietnam .
This seems to be a more efficient - and politically more stable - form of democracy than the unhappy cohabitation that produces such ugly confrontations in Taiwan , South Korea , and the Philippines .
For example , the cotton textile industry that developed in Bombay between 1857 and 1947 operated with no employment restrictions , complete security of capital , a stable and efficient legal system , no import or export controls , freedom of entry by entrepreneurs from around the world , and free access to the British market .
Roads that had been largely impassable from neglect for hundreds of years were repaired and improved by local efforts .
Future advances in neurosciences , together with miniaturization of microelectronic devices , will enable more widespread application of brain-machine interfaces .
Moreover , humans often control dangerous and unpredictable tools , such as cars and guns .
Commitments regarding increased debt relief , further normalization of relations , and additional aid and investment are possible incentives that European states could put on the table , particularly in the hard push before January 9 .
Clearly , the question is not whether universal education is affordable , but whether America and the world can afford to neglect the political , economic , social , and health benefits of educating the roughly 380 million children around the globe who currently do not attend school .
Education strengthens social and cultural capital , which contributes to strong and stable polities .
Not included is the cost of other improvements needed to encourage children to attend school , such as meals , tuition subsidies , and more effective , dynamic , and knowledgeable teachers .
Let 's examine the `` illness '' that leads certain EU leaders with questionable scruples to forget even the recent past .
Consider Gordon Brown , Britain 's new prime minister , according to whom globalization strips the European project of any meaning , a form of political autism that in fact will prevent the EU from adapting to change and from being able to find solutions to globalization 's challenges .
The presence of insurgent or terrorist sanctuaries in non-belligerent countries is one of the most intractable , explosive issues in international relations .
In return for MILF cooperation , the US , Australia , and other interested countries must pick up political slack and build the government 's capacity to deliver a sustainable peace agreement for Mindanao .
Koizumi holds a majority in both houses of the Diet , Japan 's parliament , and despite the continuing popularity of pacifism , he intends the SDF to become capable of `` preventive self defense '' -- a form of offensive action in all but name .
The Koizumi government plans to add two new 13,500-ton warships , both capable of carrying helicopters and of being converted to take jump jets to strike enemy territory .
If evidence emerges that Korea has the means to deliver nuclear weapons , then it seems probable that Japan will follow suit and develop its own nuclear capacity , riling South Korea and China .
At first glance , it seems reasonable that political parties might be able to translate women 's gender consciousness into a unified voting bloc .
As the Romanian philosopher E. M. Cioran says : `` Once man loses his faculty of indifference he becomes a potential murderer ; once he transforms his idea into a God the consequences are incalculable . ''
In countries where order may break down at any moment , it may not be better -- as it is in stable , well ordered countries -- to let ten guilty men go free rather than punish one innocent man wrongly .
At times dialogue with terrorists may be needed ; there may be reason to avoid making this impossible by fixating too rigidly on moral imperatives and condemning all terrorists as unspeakable criminals .
Romania 's security problems are not external , but internal , for the enemies of Romania establishing a stable , democratic-liberal government are the Romanian people themselves .
Moreover , joining NATO means subsuming Romania 's military and intelligence services under NATO command -LRB- i.e. American -RRB- control , thus any attempt at staging a coup , or stirring up trouble between Romanians and our sizeable Hungarian minority , can be prevented .
Soon after he founded the extreme nationalist Greater Romania Party -LRB- PRM -RRB- , as well as a so-called `` national treason list , '' on which almost every notable political and cultural figure had his or her place .
His only chance of gaining even a share of power is to join in a future coalition , and for this he has to look semi-respectable .
No , Brigitte Bardot -- we still anticipate the arrival of Gerard Depardieu any day now -- and other celebrities , people unable to shed a tear for our unwanted orphans or for the mass poverty left behind by Ceausecu , fly into Bucharest -LRB- undoubtedly by first class -RRB- to protect the wild dogs and denounce our mayor .
Success as Mayor of Bucharest will boost his chances , and what better way is there for a politician to promote himself than by `` cleaning up '' some seemingly intractable problem -- particularly one that symbolizes ten years of incompetence and despair .
As the economist Fischer Black explained , an economy matches a population 's desires to the available resources and production technology .
High-level collusion enables thousands of tons of chemical precursors , needed to produce heroin , to be trucked into the country .
Forced eradication risks pushing farmers into the hands of extremists , and thus will not lead to the sustainable reduction of opium fields . Indeed , as we have seen in some Andean countries , it can be counter-productive .
Farmers will be weaned off opium over the long term only if they have sustainable livelihoods .
These forces are probably profiting from the drug trade . At the very least , their collusion enables the traffickers to obtain fuel , spare parts , accommodation , and guides .
Criminal justice must be made a centerpiece of security and development . Such an approach has vaulted Cape Verde off the bottom of development indices into the respectable ranks of middle-income countries within a decade .
The idea sounds logical : a man with a good job that enables him to build a decent life wo n't want to fight Americans or his fellow Iraqis , right ?
A third are damaged beyond repair , another third are hopelessly unprofitable , and the rest are a mismanaged assortment of plants , a few of which could potentially produce something of value , but only with proper management and incentives .
But the EU should not rejoice at this seeming triumph over American `` big business . '' Instead , it should ponder if its policies actually make Europe hospitable for innovating enterprises .
Italy 's Minister for Trade and Europe , Emma Bonino , commenting upon the Microsoft ruling , observed that the very name Microsoft evokes `` what the US is capable of doing . ''
To Bonino , if a company of comparable significance is n't being born in Europe , it is because `` we have n't been able to set up a favorable climate for it to flourish . ''
Indeed , high-tech companies like Microsoft and Intel are particularly unsuitable targets for antitrust policing , because regulators can not possibly move at the speed of ` Internet time . '
Consider computer operating systems , business accounting software , databases , Internet search engines , silicone chips , broadband services , cable , and cellular telephony . All are examples of fast-moving industries in which competition is fierce and great wealth is created .
The problem with `` predatory pricing '' is that the courts are very unlikely to be able to distinguish `` unfair '' prices from effective competition that is a boon to consumers .
As a result , scientists and engineers face a daunting task during the Anthropocene era : to guide us towards environmentally sustainable management .
Given the stakes , it is perhaps understandable why the US and China are holding their climate-change cards close to their chests .
-LRB- It has made an ambitious commitment in its 11th Five-Year Plan to a 20 % reduction in energy intensity and attain a 10 % increase in renewable energy by 2010 . -RRB-
In Mill 's view , an open society ruled mainly by educated elites is the most desirable form of government .
Security forces attacked peaceful protesters , jailed opposition leaders , sent thousands of their supporters to gruesome detention camps , and accused independent journalists of treason -- a crime punishable by death .
· Donors should deny Ethiopian ministers a seat at diplomatic tables , such as the coveted spot Zenawi got at the G-20 summit in London as head of the New Partnership for Africa 's Development ;
· As a leading donor , the EU wields considerable power in Ethiopia and should be more willing to use it .
Some even speak of `` governance without government '' because economic fortunes are in part determined without identifiable rulers .
Even then , it took much longer than eighteen months to establish viable democratic orders .
Mr. Blair 's posture is all the more remarkable at a time when political leaders depend on opinion polls and the views expressed by so-called `` focus groups '' to tell them what to think .
Initially heterodox and apparently unacceptable views became the new orthodoxy accepted by most of their citizens .
However , other scenarios loom , not so much of defeat as of confusion and the impossibility of creating sustainable peace .
It requires plausible leadership and the reasonable hope that things will get better before long .
Yet parties remain indispensable to elective democracy .
But the other signs of disconnection also create a highly unstable condition in which one can never tell how representative the prevailing views are .
At most , deputies will be able to offer the public a fresh example of a favorite trick in politics : to tell the truth was told and nothing but the truth , but not exactly the whole truth .
Hamilton went on to make the case for the independence of judges in order to strengthen their position , and this case remains unassailable .
Undeniably , the independence of judges today requires more than lifetime tenure and reasonable emoluments -LRB- which were Hamilton 's concerns -RRB- .
The inventor of New Labor would like to be remembered as the man who squared the circle of sustainable economic growth and a reformed welfare state , the man who reconciled wealth creation and social cohesion .
In a globalized world environment , the question of who is responsible for what has become as opaque-if not unanswerable-as it is urgent .
It could be argued that the Iraq war was too short , certainly too short for Iraqis to feel , as we Germans did , that the occupation was inevitable and bound to last for a long time .
As the occupying armies were replaced by civilian officials as administrators , and Germans were recruited to help them , the silver lining of Western democracy became more and more noticeable .
Palestinians would be allowed into Israel only at a small number of checkpoints , and the settlers would soon find their own position untenable and return to Israel .
It is , no doubt , the ultimate dream of a fully developed citizenship that a common floor of rights -- including a guaranteed economic status - will enable different people to live together in harmony .
After all , so far as Jews are concerned , Israel has done a remarkable job of integrating diversity .
It should , however , be allowed , while at the same time common spaces should be both available and safe for all .
It also spares us the attempt to stick all kinds of possibly desirable objectives into the definition , like equality in social as well as technical terms , a general theory of the actual process of `` democratisation , '' or even a set of civic virtues of participation .
At best , the electoral victories of such groups make the formation of responsible governments difficult ; at worst , they foreshadow actively antidemocratic movements capable of getting a majority by election . --
Its core was the belief that the state could provide both stable economic growth and social welfare to cushion the negative side effects of free markets .
This is the main political project in most free societies , and it is in principle acceptable to all major parties .
Domestically the one and only issue in most countries remains the same : how to provide a sustainable basis for economic growth in the harsh climate of the global marketplace while at the same time maintaining solidarity and a sense of fairness throughout society .
London 's Mayor and police chief have jointly warned that terrorist attacks in the city are `` inevitable . ''
It is debatable whether governments should ever frighten their citizens by painting the horror scenario of `` inevitable '' attack .
It is global , technologically sophisticated , but , above all , it is not about an achievable political objective .
It does not offer an alternative view of the modern world other than the implicit claim that modernity is neither necessary nor desirable .
Opting out of the values and customs of free societies is problematic , but it is ultimately acceptable .
Non-aggressive demonstrations of difference - including Islamic headscarves worn by students or teachers in largely Christian countries - should be bearable .
Indefinite detention without trial is as unacceptable as defining people as `` illegal combatants , '' to whom no rules of any kind apply .
If something unacceptable happens without a minister 's direct involvement , he or she can get away with it , or so it seems , by pointing a finger at the bureaucrats or contractors who are responsible for implementing an approved policy .
Responsibility concerns the fact that ministers are accountable for everything that happens within their sphere .
In fact , they alone are accountable in the strict sense .
Because they alone are directly accountable , it is not enough for a minister to point to and name the miscreants in any particular case .
The only viable alternative for which there are examples is probably that of London or New York .
The main characteristic of this alternative is the coexistence of a common public sphere shared by all and a considerable degree of cultural separation in the `` private '' sphere , notably in residential areas .
Viable units will emerge that are less than ideal but at least capable of creating legitimate government - meaning a government that is both effective and acceptable .
One must doubt whether it contributed anything to making democracy more acceptable after WWII .
Still , when the fighting was over , the bombing stopped for good , and out of the tanks came people who were intent on creating democratic conditions and capable of doing so .
America 's twin fiscal and trade deficits may prove to be solvable problems , but new ways will have to be tried to resolve them .
It not only has considerable dollar reserves , but has also become the manufacturing capital of the world .
At first sight , 2004 was a good year for the European Union , with enlargement to 25 members completed in May a notable success .
Eastward expansion of the EU enables the New Europe to emulate the economic dynamism of other recent members , like Spain and Ireland .
Legitimacy is a delicate , yet utterly important feature of stable democratic politics . It is also complicated .
When a distinguished Jewish scholar thanked him for what he had done to cultivate Catholic-Jewish relations , he replied : `` That was not me , that was Providence , '' and then added with his inimitable smile : `` And me . ''
The Pope 's legacy is , in other words , a story of great strengths and considerable weaknesses .
Who would not wish to live in a meritocracy ? It is certainly preferable to a plutocracy , in which wealth determines status , or a gerontocracy , in which age leads one to the top , or even an aristocracy , in which what counts are inherited titles and properties .
So meritocracy seems preferable , at least at first sight .
Like all elites before them , they become firmly established -- and use all available means to keep it that way .
It is perhaps regrettable but nonetheless real that democracy finds roots more easily if economic conditions improve .
As a result , the `` generational contract '' looks less and less viable , because we can no longer rely on today 's workers to pay for today 's pensioners .
Israel and the Palestinians remain a subject of profound Europe-US disagreements , as are issues surrounding the environment and the idea of sustainable development .
Still , when representatives of the US and the EU meet for formal consultations , they arrive at the table with different perceptions .
The murderous triumph and bloody defeat of the politics of cultural despair was followed by an economic miracle that made Germany one of the world 's most prosperous countries , with nearly six decades of increasingly stable democracy .
This world has ceased to be viable in large part for reasons of demography , as ever more claimants for assistance make costs unaffordable .
The fiscal position is , by German standards , unacceptable , and public debt at current levels is contrary to the European Union 's Stability and Growth Pact and a burden on future generations .
It made the valley of tears bearable both by offering financial and other assistance and by holding out the promise of membership and economic prosperity in the near future .
Some restrictions are understandable legacies of the past , but must nevertheless be re-examined .
Direct incitement to violence is regarded -- as it should be - -- as an unacceptable abuse of free speech ; but much that is disagreeable about the David Irving 's and the hate preachers does not fall into this category .
But , while it is comfortable to live in the social-democratic world of Scandinavia , Germany , and other European countries , many of them have purchased their equality on credit from future generations .
Social exclusion and personalized power through wealth are always unacceptable .
The collapse of the `` new economy '' is an example , but in a curious way also the probable attack on Iraq will also be arrived at in such a way .
In both cases , parliaments become dispensable .
Indeed , reforms announced by Blair increasingly sound like empty promises , because the apparently inevitable has happened : the Prime Minister has lost touch with the public .
Yet the party might have a better sense of what is viable not just today , but also tomorrow -- at the next election , for example .
Those who argue that suicide bombers express understandable grudges have themselves sold out their freedom .
It is debatable whether recent incidents of this kind require a `` dialogue between religions . ''
The gains of enlightened discourse are too precious to be turned into negotiable values .
One can understand that enlightened believers in Islam -LRB- of whom there are many -RRB- find it upsetting that the world in which they want to live is in fact frail and vulnerable .
What will G-8 summit meetings be like when American President Hillary Clinton and French President Ségolène Royal join German Chancellor Angela Merkel in a formidable triangle of women 's power ?
Even so , in many parts of the world , women have made considerable headway on the path to the top .
Fourth , no one has yet thought through the full implications of today 's demographic and attendant social changes , but the fact is that without immigrants the welfare state in advanced countries will become unaffordable .
Integration of immigrants makes much sense ; but it is desirable to help create sustainable conditions in troubled countries with the help of a generation of emigrants who first transfer resources and then return themselves .
Viewed from the perspective such truths provide , the European Union 's eastward enlargement , for example , is highly desirable not despite but because it may lead to migration from the new member states to the old .
Tony Blair 's re-election in Britain last year was a landslide victory for New Labor , giving his party an unassailable majority in Britain 's House of Commons .
By translating relative electoral majorities into absolute parliamentary majorities , it enables winning parties to govern rather than enter into permanent negotiations with coalition partners and scramble constantly for parliamentary majorities .
Yet both Blair and Thatcher were able to take bold decisions and implement them .
A stagnating economy , high unemployment , an increasingly unaffordable welfare state , will hardly be reformed by a coalition permanently worried about its shaky parliamentary majority .
As long as it remains possible to remove those in power by peaceful means , such as elections , the translation of relative majorities into strong governments is preferable to weak coalitions with numerical majorities .
More precisely , this phenomenon entails the growing number of democratically elected political leaders who do not confront alternative leaders able to gather the disaffected into a viable opposition .
For the third time in seven years the Tories are devouring their own leader , without any viable alternative leader for the party anywhere in sight .
Still , it is a fact that in all cases of governments without effective opposition it is not easy to formulate an electorally viable alternative policy to challenge the leaders .
Immigration is regarded as a deep threat by many people , so that demagogues are increasingly able to marshal resentment and grassroots support .
In the EU , European integration is taken for granted by most political parties in the older member states of the Union , but a sizeable portion of these electorates have doubts about it , and in the EU 's candidate countries , the doubts run even stronger .
Within a decade the funds available per student have declined by 40 % .
One alternative is to let universities shrink again to a manageable size .
This can be done in several ways : by means tests that impose duties on many parents ; by loans to be repaid under favourable conditions ; by a special tax on graduates ; or by mixtures of such approaches involving a generous system of bursaries as well as charges on well-to-do parents .
The epigeneticist view was clearly wrong , because something stable had to be transmitted across generations .
A remarkable observation supports this analogy : viruses behave like individual pieces of programs , using the cell as the machine needed to make them multiply and subsequently propagate -LRB- often by destroying the machine -RRB- .
It has been shown that , the outcome of some computer programs is at once entirely deterministic , innovative , and unpredictable .
The computer metaphor thus implies that living organisms are material systems that , facing an unforeseeable future , arrive at improbable solutions so that some of their progeny can survive in unpredictable conditions .
Moreover , the high-quality population data needed for credible estimates may not be available due to their `` sensitive nature , '' or because they never have been collected -LRB- sometimes the case in developing nations -RRB- , or because refugee movements have made data obsolete .
The phrase `` sustainable development '' is commonplace , but economic commentators offer no guidance on how we are to judge whether a nation 's economic development is , indeed , sustainable .
The famous Brundtland Commission Report of 1987 defined sustainable development as '' ... development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs . ''
Sustainable development therefore requires that , relative to their populations , each generation should bequeath to its successor at least as large a productive base as it inherited .
Development is sustainable so long as an economy 's wealth relative to its population is maintained over time .
In other words , during the past three decades the rich world seems to have enjoyed `` sustainable development , '' while development in the poor world -LRB- barring China -RRB- has been unsustainable .
These are early days in the quantitative study of sustainable development .
When their absorptive capacities are reached , natural systems are liable to collapse into unproductive states .
The remarkable increase in agricultural productivity over the past two centuries demonstrates this clearly .
When the downside risks associated with such limits and thresholds are brought into estimates of sustainable development , the growth in wealth among the world 's wealthy nations will probably turn out to have been less than we now think .
They could no longer claim their traditional role as the party of reliable economic management because , during its four years in power , New Labor delivered an impressive record of economic competence and stability , with high growth and low inflation .
Not all of these reasons are admirable : during the Cold War some European allies became accustomed to freeloading on America ; some were double freeloaders by choosing neutrality .
It is this prospect of a massive enlargement that defines the central challenge facing the EU : how to strengthen its institutions to be able to handle a Union whose membership will expand from 15 to 27 countries - perhaps more .
If EU governments are able to strengthen central political institutions , enlargement may be successful ; if not , it may be blocked .
When a politician goes to his electorate , he needs to be able to say what he wants to do and why ; and a party needs to have a program on which its members all more or less agree .
On the contrary , everyone knows that Lionel Jospin 's government pursued a slow , covert process of privatization and liberalization , because such a process is unavoidable in today 's global economy .
Because this enlargement round is likely to be the last for a long time , if not forever , it is urgent for member states to think seriously about re-writing the EU treaties to deal with the new reality , in terms which will be workable for the long term .
For the past 50 years , the EU was largely able to count on a benign partnership with the US in a multilateral context ; that assumption no longer holds , even if we do not yet know the extent of America 's new unilateralism .
Norway may one day possibly seek to join , and that would pose no problems ; it is conceivable that Switzerland may seek to join , and that too would not be a problem -LRB- except to the Swiss -RRB- .
Aside from the poor , war-ravaged Balkan states -- Albania , Bosnia , Croatia , Macedonia , and whatever Serbia and Montenegro end up deciding to call themselves -- the only imaginable additional candidates , assuming that they are classified as `` European , '' are Russia , Belarus and Ukraine .
With 10 new members joining , that pretence is no longer tenable .
This is most notable among big member states like Britain , France , and Spain , and one can see why ; these are former `` great powers , '' which fear being submerged in a mega-Europe .
It is conceivable that the swarm of small new member states may revert to the traditional and logical predisposition towards federalism .
Of course , the future is unpredictable .
But when he came to power , in 1997 , he was not able or willing to face down Britain 's traditional anti-Europeanism ; in particular , he was not prepared to commit his government to eventual Euro membership .
In any event , once the decision of principle had been subordinated to ostensibly technical economic tests , it was unavoidable that Treasury mandarins , who are institutionally opposed to European integration , would conduct them .
The idea of a two-speed or variable-geometry Union , has long been debated , mainly as a way of finessing the Euro-skeptical foot-dragging of successive British governments .
Then , thank goodness , the idea of a variable-geometry Union seemed to lose urgency when Tony Blair came to power .
What is now reviving the idea of variable geometry is the prospect of the EU 's massive enlargement with the admission of ten new members from Eastern Europe and the Mediterranean , multiplied by the political crisis within Europe over the American war against Iraq .
These concerns are understandable ; and it is particularly understandable that the new member states from Eastern Europe , who have no experience of voluntary integration -- and far too much experience of involuntary integration -- are apprehensive about some aspects of the draft constitution .
The problem is that if governments start to amend the draft constitution , the whole thing is liable to unravel .
But if the negotiations break down because new members , or small countries , or middle-sized countries , or the neutrals , resist the reforms necessary to make the enlarged EU viable , it is a certainty that those member states in favor of closer integration , essentially the six original founding members -LRB- France , Germany , the three Benelux countries , and perhaps Italy -RRB- will start to work seriously on ways of building an alternative structure .
The European summit in Brussels this weekend was intended to equip the European Union with a constitution that would enable it to handle the challenges posed by the admission of ten new member states next spring .
But in arithmetic terms it is less favourable to the smaller countries , since they lose their weighting advantage .
It is much less favourable to Spain and Poland , since the weighting they received at Nice is almost as great as that of Germany , even though heir population are only half as large .
But it seems probable that the argument over majority voting rules is really a stalking horse for deeper differences about the future of the EU .
Nevertheless , the rise of Euroskeptic parties , in a number of countries including Britain , France , Belgium , Poland , and the Czech Republic , has worrying implications for a summit meeting whose purpose is to take European integration a small but unmistakable step forward .
Blair 's Euroskepticism is understandable insofar as it chimes with the British mood .
The predicament for Europe 's leaders at this week 's summit is that they stand at the cusp of an unstable process of European integration .
Tony Blair has achieved a remarkable third successive electoral victory .
As a result , he will be poorly placed to handle the challenges ahead , the most intractable of which will be the European Union 's new Constitution .
Since the shock of the French and Dutch `` no '' votes against the European Union 's proposed Constitutional Treaty , events have followed their inevitable course , but more rapidly than expected .
The most undeniable implication of the French vote has been to raise a large question mark over the future of the EU 's traditional integration project .
Neither of them have been able to say how this should be done .
Most of the ten new members are much poorer than the old members , and are thus much less able or willing to pay large financial contributions .
Britain , he says , might be prepared to put the British rebate on the table , but only if the French are prepared to remove the reasons for it by means of a radical renegotiation of EU farm policy .
From a narrowly British perspective , this might seem a shrewd and reasonable posture for defending British interests .
Coming from anyone else , Blair 's proposal to re-think the CAP might seem reasonable ; indeed , over the years , the EU has tried -LRB- slowly -RRB- to reform its defects .
Stable economic policy and rapid growth , in turn , enabled Blair 's government to pour extra money into education and the National Health Service .
These dangers were predictable , and the world now knows that the war has proved a terrible failure of American strategy , and may yet have even more catastrophic consequences .
Moreover , the convulsions in Iraq may well have incalculable repercussions throughout the Middle East .
Britain 's economy grew more steadily and rapidly than it had done for several generations , and the tax revenue generated by growth enabled the government to pour money into education and the National Health Service .
At the top , the incomes of the mega-rich have soared , with predictable repercussions , especially in the property market .
But that is inevitable in any country .
In response , bankers have tended to argue that any interference in their business would be an unconscionable assault on their inalienable human right to lose shareholders ' and depositors ' money in whatever way they please .
But , by providing an honest , rigorous assessment of the major reform proposals , the Independent Banking Commission has performed an invaluable service , and deserves recognition for a job elegantly done .
Eurozone governments have proven unwilling , or unable , to produce a solution that persuades markets that they are on top of the problem .
It seems inevitable now that either the eurozone will have to contract , with parts of the uncompetitive periphery dropping out , at least for a time , or that member countries ' debts will have to be collectively guaranteed , which implies some form of fiscal union .
Perhaps it will be possible to persuade the Germans if the alternative is eurozone collapse , which would put the Deutschemark , or a Northern Euro , in the uncomfortable position that the Swiss franc occupies today -- too strong for its own good .
Two notable holdouts are Jamie Dimon and Walter Bagehot .
There is also evidence to support that proposition from the observable fact that rewards in the less regulated parts of the asset management sector - hedge funds etc - are typically higher than in Security and Exchange Commission regulated competitors .
Politicians and regulators are exploring a number of options , from higher tax rates , through fines for certain types of bonus arrangements , to variable capital requirements .
Progress has been painfully slow , partly because officials have been fire-fighting , and partly because urgent domestic political imperatives compete with the desire to establish new , globally applicable mechanisms that would provide a stable underpinning for the international financial system and prevent regulatory arbitrage and the de-globalization of finance .
I believe that more diversity in banking , and more competition , is highly desirable .
Is it possible to maintain a rigorously independent chairman when it comes to interest rates , and a tightly accountable chairman when he is making supervisory decisions ?
If Greece were forced to restructure its debt and impose a `` haircut '' on holders of its bonds , the ECB would incur a sizeable loss .
The Asian financial crisis of 1997-1998 convinced governments and central banks that countries that maintained exchange controls were able to weather the storm better than countries that embraced liberalization .
These tools were supposed to be as reliable as those used in engineering . Having ushered scientific socialism into its grave at the Cold War 's end , we quickly found ourselves embracing another Science of Man .
A final science of man has no room for the unplanned and unpredictable recovery that is the only kind a capitalist economy can have after a crisis of this size .
But , nearly four decades later , the battle remains focused on highly profitable efforts to develop drugs and technologies to treat the disease while virtually ignoring environmental factors that cause it .
When they are considered at all , they are deemed to be the inevitable price of progress .
The instrumental achievements of science would depend solely on the scraps falling from the pure scientist 's table .
These variables are related to living longer , too .
The ultimate aim of this research is to find out what intelligent people have and do that enables them to live longer .
Once we know that , we will be able to share and apply that knowledge with the aim of achieving optimal health for all .
For example , the European Union has agreed to a climate and energy package with which it will be able to reach its target of a 20 % emission reduction over 1990 levels by 2020 -LRB- 30 % if other industrialized countries follow suit . within the United States , President Barack Obama has indicated his intention to achieve an 80 % reduction of greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 , and to return US emissions to 1990 levels by 2020 .
A number of developing countries , such as China , India , Brazil , and South Africa , have already developed national climate change or energy strategies that indicate the extent to which they feel that they are able , given their economic constraints , to address the issue .
Both sides want to do more , and they might be able to make a greater impact by working together rather than separately .
Given China 's importance in both military and economic matters , growing energy and trade relations between Central Asia and the West , and the reasonable assumption that Central Asia 's security will continue to have great significance for Western security , cooperation between the SCO , the EU , and NATO looks inevitable .
There must be no gaps in protection , whatever law is applicable .
This has been and remains the most sustainable way of preventing radicalization and recruitment to terrorism .
Upon reaching the top of the FNV , Holland 's largest trade union , Kok found himself in a position of considerable influence in Dutch economic policymaking .
The increased flexibility of the Dutch labor market eventually restored private-sector profitability and led to rapid job creation , among the highest in Europe and comparable to the rate in the US .
With lower inflation , this raised workers ' real disposable income , enabling trade union leaders to demonstrate to their members that wage moderation worked and was in their interest .
One main objective should be to transform Afghanistan 's vast underground economy , which has thrived , despite the large number of NATO forces , by creating profitable opportunities for Taliban and other groups involved in the fighting .
Unless the participants are empowered and take ownership , programs will not be sustainable , resources will go to waste , and peace will not endure .
This requires reasonable projections for domestic tax revenue and aid , as well as the right mix of foreign expertise to support the process .
Avoid overly optimistic projections that lead to unworkable plans and unreasonable expectations , which the government will not be able to fulfill , as happened in Guatemala , for example , when its civil war ended .
Fifth , ensure that such aid moves quickly from short-run humanitarian purposes -- to save lives and feed those giving up war -- to reconstruction activities aimed at creating investment , productivity growth , and the sustainable employment that will enable people to live dignified lives .
Too much specificity on some variables and too much vagueness with regard to others required a renegotiation of the arms-for-land agreement in El Salvador to make it implementable .
Ninth , establish economic reconstruction zones to jump-start sustainable economic activity , create jobs and export earnings , improve aid effectiveness and accountability , and avoid aid dependency .
This often means accepting that optimal and best-practice economic policies are not attainable -- or , indeed , even desirable .
Only then will Afghanistan be able to break out of its decades-long vicious circle of violence , insecurity , corruption , unemployment , drug trafficking , and aid dependency .
Violence must give way to security for inhabitants ; lawlessness and political exclusion must give way to the rule of law and participatory government ; ethnic , religious , or class\/caste polarization must give way to national reconciliation ; and ruined war economies must be transformed into functioning market economies that enable ordinary people to support themselves .
Often , optimal economic policies and best practices are not attainable -- or even desirable .
But , in addition to the right legal and regulatory framework to ensure appropriate links to the national economy -- which is also lacking in most of the region -- the search for desirable investors requires an effective foreign investment promotion agency .
As White points out , promoters of FDI are not selling a product , which the country 's embassies abroad may be able to do .
The executive director should put together a team of analysts located in critical locations abroad and able to conduct business intelligence . This requires investigation of markets and trends , and identification of specific firms that would be desirable for the clusters or niches that the country wants to promote .
And governments that are not accountable to their citizens will most likely fail in this regard .
To be sure , the International Monetary Fund and United States officials have recognized Georgia 's unquestionable success in adopting sound macroeconomic policies and reforms to improve the business climate .
Given 220,000 IPDs from previous conflicts in the 1990 's now face fading prospects for a return to Abkhazia and South Ossetia , Georgia 's authorities must find a viable and permanent solution for roughly 6 % of the population .
Without inclusive and dynamic growth , sustainable peace will remain elusive , and , in the current environment of higher scrutiny and significant competing needs , donors will be hard pressed to justify committing the large financial aid package that they have pledged .
Of the half that remains at peace , the large majority end up highly dependent on foreign aid -- hardly a sustainable model in the context of the global financial crisis .
There are notable links between the two crises .
To avoid a continuation of conflict and aid-dependency , the main focus of the international aid commitment should be to reactivate small enterprises and promote startup companies in various sectors in order to create viable economies that enable people to earn a legal and decent living .
Eight years ago , Afghanistan embarked on four distinct transitions : a security transition away from violence and insecurity ; a political transition toward a society based on participatory government and the rule of law ; a social transition from tribal and ethnic confrontations toward national reconciliation ; and an economic transition to transform a war-torn and unstable economy into a viable one in which people can make a decent and legal living .
War-torn countries that have embarked on transitions of this type since the end of the Cold War have a dismal record : roughly half revert to conflict within a few years . Of the other half , most end up highly aid-dependent -- indeed an unsustainable position in the present financial context .
The `` arms-for-land '' program that the Salvadoran government pursued was the main venue for productive reintegration , providing beneficiaries with a viable livelihood and a stake , however tiny , in the country 's wealth .
Failure to do so has proved a major factor in countries ' relapse into war , because , in the absence of peace , there can be no sustainable development .
Other developing countries were told that their trade barriers , their love of inflationary finance , their failure to curb tax evasion , and their lack of governments strong enough to enforce property and contract rights against local notables , organized bandits , and - most important - their own functionaries were keeping them from participating in the new globalized economic cornucopia .
But can this criticism be constructive , not a bout -LRB- pleasurable , of course -RRB- of Schadenfreude ?
But for this system to work solid information about under-performing companies must be available to investors and the link between the pay of top managers and company performance must be real .
Declining public school quality , downward pressure on funding for public higher education , and a failure of political will to make higher education affordable for everyone has produced a growing education gap among those who can and can not afford quality education .
If you were a major emitter in the past , then for the next generation you are given a property right to very valuable emissions permits whose worth will only rise over time .
I understand that politics is the art of the possible , and that good-government technocracy is limited to the attainable .
This signals a remarkable shift in relative demand for high-quality and liquid financial assets -- an extraordinary rise in market-wide excess demand for such assets .
After all , as a social-resource planning mechanism does , a market tells us which things are valuable and thus gives us the signal to make more of them .
Markets are now signaling that US Treasury bonds are much more valuable assets than they were a month ago .
Chemists begin with what the Heisenberg and Pauli principles , plus the three-dimensionality of space , tell us about stable electron configurations .
The structure of demand by consumers is different from the jobs that workers are capable of filling .
BERKELEY -- It is said that the early nineteenth-century British economist J.R. McCulloch originated the old joke that the only training a parrot needs to be a passable political economist is one phrase : `` supply and demand , supply and demand . ''
There are no places where a shortage of qualified labor or of available capacity is sufficiently great to induce managers to pay more than they have been used to paying for good hands or useful machines .
Yes , the debt will be higher and interest on that debt will have to be paid , but the British government can borrow now at extraordinarily favorable terms .
When interest rates are low and you can borrow on favorable terms , the market is telling you to pull government spending forward into the present and push taxes back into the future .
Advocates of austerity counter that confidence in the government 's credit might collapse , and the government might have to roll over its debt on unfavorable terms .
Worse , the government might be unable to refinance its debt at all , and then would have to cut spending and raise taxes sharply .
They had little personally at stake in high capacity utilization and low unemployment , but a great deal at stake in stable prices .
They are threatened by roving bandits , by local notables , and , most of all , by government functionaries who use their offices to extort extra income .
There can be little hope for sustained economic development where the educational system is at least one generation -- and possibly three generations -- behind other regions in terms of its commitment to universal literacy , and where higher education largely ignores the skills and subjects needed to enable people to master technology .
But as we compare patterns of development throughout the world , more and more evidence is piling up that universal literacy and a large class of people with industrial-technical skills are key resources that determine whether countries are able to break free from the grip of backwardness and poverty .
The Fed would then cause a liquidity squeeze and so distort asset prices as to make much construction , sizable amounts of other investment , and some consumption goods unaffordable -LRB- and thus unprofitable to produce -RRB- .
And all the lines of business that had been profitable before the downturn would become profitable once again .
And that means that the entrepreneurial problems of are much more complex , for recovery is not a matter of reviving what used to be profitable to produce , but rather of figuring out what will be profitable to produce in the future .
New investments , lines of business , and worker-firm matches that would be highly productive and profitable at normal levels of capacity utilization and unemployment are unprofitable now .
By 2007 , therefore , it was reasonable to expect that construction spending in the US would be depressed for some time to come .
Indeed , this radical disproportion makes nonsense of all arguments that the current distressed state of the overall US economy is in some sense necessary , deserved , or an inevitable consequence of over-exuberant building in the desert between Los Angeles , California and Albuquerque , New Mexico in the mid-2000 's .
If no deal to raise the debt ceiling is reached by August 3 , interest rates on United States Treasury bonds could spike , or they could remain stable , as investors decide they have other problems to worry about .
Over the past century -- with the notable exception of the Great Depression -- the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .
Since December 7 , 1941 , the world has in large part been able to rely on global governance by a somewhat-competent hyperpower .
But everyone in the financial markets knows that the EFSF has insufficient firepower to undertake that task -- and that it has an unworkable governance structure to boot .
Our current political and economic institutions rest upon the wager that a decentralized market provides a better social-planning , coordination , and capital-allocation mechanism than any other that we have yet been able to devise .
Time and again , the lender-of-last-resort role has been an indispensable part of that function .
Western Europe and Japan have vibrant high-tech sectors , able executives , and cultures easily as capable as the US of taking advantage of the boom promised by the rapidly falling prices of information technology .
Clearly , America 's current account deficit is unsustainable .
As the late economist Herb Stein , an advisor to President Richard Nixon , used to say , if something is unsustainable , then someday it will stop .
I used to think that the US current account deficit would stop when the rest of the world `` balanced up '' -- when Japan recovered from its decade-long stagnation , and when Western Europe restructured its economy , boosting aggregate demand and reducing its unemployment rate to some reasonable level .
As the late Rudi Dornbusch -LRB- who preceded me as the author of this series of commentaries -RRB- used to say , unsustainable capital inflows always last much longer than economists , who tend to focus firmly on the fundamentals , believe possible .
Investors funding the capital inflow and the country receiving the money always think up reasons why this time the inflow is sustainable , because it reflects some supposed permanent transformation of fundamentals .
Should n't America 's leaders be trying to shorten the period that other societies are vulnerable to the evils that made the twentieth century the bloodiest in the history of mankind ?
This means a willingness to ask , `` What else might happen ? , '' `` What if we 're wrong ? , '' `` What could happen next ? , '' and to look at the full range of potential outcomes -- at their costs as well as their benefits -- rather than assuming that results will match some fashionable ideology or favorite administration model .
Pounding a table and shouting does not make unwanted facts disappear .
Rubin also used the remarkable management skills that he had honed as chairman of the investment bank Goldman Sachs to great effect .
He was n't going to do anything to hurt those vulnerable people . ` But Mr. President , ' I said , ` to help those poor fishermen , you 're going to prevent the vastly greater benefit that would come to the poor ... from being able to buy cheap fish . ' ''
That means that we must make it more likely in the future that people as capable and wise as Robert Rubin will find it attractive to enter public service , and that once there , they will have the power to make a difference .
Similarly , we do not know when world trade in information services like form processing , accounting , and customer service will truly boom as a result of the Internet and the fiber-optic cable .
One source is central banks seeking to keep the value of their home currencies down so that their workers can gain valuable experience from exporting to the rich world .
All of these sources contributed to the flow of money into the US , which was thus enabled to invest much more than it had managed to save .
Second , perhaps the inflow of capital into America was and remains justified : perhaps there is something uniquely valuable about investments in America today .
The remarkable boosts to productivity that have been within America 's grasp will ultimately lead to accelerating growth of real profits and real wages , if only US policy makers resist the temptation to pursue politically expedient , but economically damaging , measures to `` protect '' output and employment .
Of course , all favorable judgments of the state of the Western European economy must come with fine print .
By contrast , those who predict generally high real interest rates over the next generation point to low savings rates in the US , high spending driven by demographic burdens in Europe , and feckless governments running chronic deficits and unsustainable fiscal policies .
Another alternative is to recall the late Rudi Dornbusch , who taught that any economist who forecasts interest rates based on fundamentals is a fool , because fundamentals are complex and unstable , shifting suddenly and substantially .
So let me place my bet - which I think is only 60 % likely - and say that my best guess is that world real interest rates will be high over the next generation , and that current bond prices -LRB- and real estate prices -RRB- are not sustainable .
I hope to see governments in Western Europe and the US face up to their responsibilities and conduct sensible , sustainable fiscal policies .
The first historical rule of thumb is 10 % on the dollar for each percent of GDP 's worth of unsustainable current-account deficit .
The late Rudiger Dornbusch - who used to write this column - used to say that unsustainable situations lasted longer than economists who believed in market rationality and equilibrium could imagine possible . They then tended to collapse more quickly than anyone could believe .
· First , short-term speculators seeking higher returns , or investors overanxious for safety , drive a currency 's value to unsustainable levels .
· Third , highly intelligent economists , puzzled by the duration of the overvaluation , evolve theories of why things are different this time , and why this time the overvaluation is perhaps sustainable after all .
After all , the ruling communist oligarchs have grown accustomed to a comfortable lifestyle . The last thing they want is mass unemployment and urban unrest to call their positions into question .
But if international currency speculators get the scent of near-inevitable profits from an ongoing dollar decline in their nostrils , all Asian central banks together will not be able to keep the dollar high .
Against this backdrop , Western Europe after 1950 was remarkably peaceful and stable , even taking into account the fall of the French Fourth Republic and the transitions from dictatorship to democracy in Portugal , Spain , and Greece .
The most remarkable transformation of all was that of the Federal Republic of Germany .
Anyone familiar with German history since 1800 is still astonished at the enthusiasm with which the nation that emerged from total defeat in 1945 embraced what many in previous generations would have called `` unsuitable '' Anglo-French political and economic models .
Whoever leads the next German government must tackle unemployment , both for the sake of the economically most vulnerable and to ensure public confidence in the current system .
The CPS survey was never designed to do this , but it offered the most favorable gloss on the Bush administration 's dreadful record on employment .
The American political system , at least , appears incapable of setting out the central fiscal policy issues in ways that give voters a chance to make informed judgments and distinguish between candidates-even between candidates whose programs are serious and those whose programs are mathematically impossible jokes .
In the generation after World War II , you could secure a blue-collar unionized manufacturing job or climb to the top of a white collar bureaucracy that offered job security , relatively high salaries , and long , stable career ladders .
Even in the first post-WWII generation , only a minority of Americans -- a largely white , male minority -- found well-paying stable jobs at large , unionized , capital-intensive manufacturing companies like GM , GE , or AT&T .
Favorable macroeconomic circumstances , the absence of foreign competition , a system of government support and regulation , and large-scale private provision of what in Europe would have been public social insurance all combined to give post-WWII America many of social democracy 's benefits without the costs .
Indeed , former Chairman of the US Federal Reserve Paul Volcker sees the US as so macroeconomically vulnerable as to be running a 75 % chance of a full-fledged dollar crisis over the next several years .
In reality , this is more of an opportunity than a problem : if we did not expect that doctors and nurses will be able to do marvelous things in a generation or two that they can not do now , we would not be projecting serious fiscal deficits arising from the health programs .
The third most serious problem is to put the US government 's General Fund budget on a sustainable basis , so that the non-Social Security government can finance itself and meet its commitments after the date -- around 2020 -- when it can no longer borrow from the Social Security Trust Fund .
Many of them will also be desirable : longer , healthier , and higher quality lives as we learn more about the details of human biology .
That means that without -LRB- and even with -RRB- state-run health-care systems , the rich will be able to afford more and better care than the poor .
By the standards of centuries ago , we live in a world of unbelievable wealth .
The bubble is filled by people with money who are buying extra houses because they think home prices will continue to rise , and by people without money who are buying $ 400,000 houses in less-fashionable neighborhoods with zero percent down and floating interest rates .
And when the second group discovers that interest rates do n't always stay low , many of them will be unable to meet their higher mortgage payments and will likewise try to dump their properties .
In these circumstances , straight is the gait and narrow is the path that the Federal Reserve will have to walk -- hardly an enviable position .
Those with access to finance appear to be capable of resisting the urge to locate production in poor low-wage parts of the world -LRB- China aside -RRB- .
Those outside America , especially in Asia , should regard the unstable state of the US macro-economy with grave concern .
But our chances of ensuring a more sustainable world would be higher if we had not allowed ourselves to be blinded for the past decade by the combination of the public-relations stunt known as the Kyoto Treaty and the idiocy-as-usual known as the Bush administration .
Still others interpreted `` compassionate conservatism , '' as the commentator Andrew Sullivan put it , as a `` smokescreen ... necessary for any vaguely successful retrenchment of government power in an insatiable entitlement state . ''
The first two priorities , if well designed and well implemented , are certainly honorable goals for a government to pursue .
The third is less honorable , and likely to fail : it relies on the dangerously weak premise that the party in power 's political adversaries will be more public-spirited and less ruthless when they return to government .
So what 's unsustainable ?
Thus , in order to keep the current-account deficit stable , the trade deficit must shrink .
To Keynes 's framework , Friedman added a theory of prices and inflation , based on the idea of the natural rate of unemployment and the limits of government policy in stabilizing the economy around its long-run growth trend -- limits beyond which intervention would trigger uncontrollable and destructive inflation .
Friedman and Keynes both agreed that successful macroeconomic management was necessary - that the private economy on its own might well be subject to unbearable instability and that strategic , powerful , but limited economic intervention by the government was necessary to maintain stability .
But , while for Keynes , the key was to keep the sum of government spending and private investment stable , for Friedman the key was to keep the money supply &#45; &#45; the amount of purchasing power in readily spendable form in the hands of businesses and households &#45; &#45; stable .
I do not know whether Keynes or Friedman was more right in their deep orientation . But I do think that the tension between their two views has been a very valuable driving force for human progress over the past hundred years .
This is not because a CEO 's work effort and negotiation and management skills are ten times more valuable nowadays , but because other corporate stakeholders have become less able to constrain top managers and financiers from capturing more of the value-added .
Wolf , for example , argues that financial markets have adopted a head-in-the-sand focus on the `` long run of small gains , '' ignoring the `` occasional calamity '' in advance , while losses will be attributed after the fact to `` unforeseeable bad luck . ''
After the inflations of World War I , a prudent investor might have thought gold -- easily assessable , portable , and real -- an attractive asset .
As Harvard 's Robert Barro has recently pointed out , fear of a general or unpredictable catastrophe -- even one that spares a subset of assets that can not be specified in advance -- will not affect relative asset prices , because investors have no motive to sell or buy any particular asset .
According to Barro , the consequences of enhanced fear of a general or unpredictable catastrophe depend on how it affects the global pool of savings .
Chinese property values and manufacturing assets would also be vulnerable , as the US abandons its role as importer of last resort and China 's coastal-export development strategy turns out to be a dead end .
By using an opaque and convoluted idiom , the only outsiders -- reporters , politicians , and academics -- who would be able to understand what the central bank was saying would be those who had carefully studied the issues and the language .
Voters and politicians today , it seems , fear inflation and are willing to accept occasional economic recessions and unemployment above its natural rate as unfortunate but inevitable consequences of the necessary and beneficial pursuit of long-term price stability .
They are relying on economists ' basic predisposition to believe that more information is always better than less , that individuals are good judges of what they need to know , and that they are able to evaluate and place in perspective what they know .
Why are cable TV personalities so eager to overstate how quickly central banks change their view of the likely future ?
Why do participants in financial markets trade on the advice of cable TV personalities when a small amount of number-crunching reveals that the benefits must be lower than the transactions costs incurred by over-frequent trading ?
So , where Hiatt sees a press corps that was a little too cowardly about overseeing the Bush administration , Frankel sees a press corps where a sloppy and confusing process is nevertheless doing a reasonable job .
He spent his time making sure the political coalition to support the Texas Rangers in the style to which it wanted to be accustomed remained stable .
But it is exposed to other risks , especially if it confines its investments to that slice of the asset pool , US Treasury and high-grade corporate bonds , that American politicians are comfortable having foreigners own .
Nominal bonds are not well hedged against inflation , and , over the long run , assets that are claims to cash without effective control are highly vulnerable to financial vultures .
When added to the normal shocks that afflict the world economy , this source of destabilizing volatility created the unstable world before 1987 that led many to wonder why somebody like Alan Greenspan -- who had previously only spent a couple of years in government -- would want the job .
But banks facing possible liquidity problems -- which the Fed wants to be able to borrow at 5.25 % -- are borrowing from the Fed itself at 5.75 % , as are a few big banks that want more liquidity but do n't believe they could get it without disrupting the market .
The indictment contains four counts : that Greenspan wrongly cheered the growth of non-standard adjustable-rate mortgages , which fueled the housing bubble ; that he wrongly endorsed Bush 's tax cuts ; that he should have reined in the stock market bubble of the 1990 's ; and that he should have done the same with the real estate bubble of the 2000 's .
The only way , he says , for the Fed to have kept stock prices in reasonable equilibrium ranges in the late 1990 's would have been to raise interest rates so high that they hit the real economy on the head with a brick .
But Greenspan would have served the country and the world better if he had been somewhat more paternalist in slowing the growth of non-standard adjustable-rate mortgages .
In the first scenario , China continues to attempt to maintain full employment in Shanghai , Guangzhou , and elsewhere not by stimulating domestic demand but by trying to boost exports further by keeping the renminbi stable against the dollar and falling in value against the euro .
On one level , this is very frustrating : we economists believe that people are smart enough to understand their situation and capable enough to pursue their own interests .
No other country is capable of picking up the slack if America 's economy remains soft .
In Marx 's Shadow Again A century and a half ago , Karl Marx both gloomily and exuberantly predicted that the modern capitalism he saw evolving would prove incapable of producing an acceptable distribution of income .
First , the key resources that command high prices and thus produce wealth are not fixed , like land , but are variable : the skills of craft workers and engineers , the energy and experience of entrepreneurs , and machines and buildings are all things that can be multiplied .
Social-democratic governments have been on the defensive against those who claim that redistributing wealth exacts too high a cost on economic growth , and unable to convince voters to fund yet another massive expansion of higher education .
So my principles would then be developed from Karl Polanyi 's old observation that the logic of market exchange puts considerable pressure on that underlying foundation .
It seems a safe bet that the stable politics of the post-WWII era owe a great deal to the coexistence of rapidly growing , dynamic market economies and social democratic policies .
You also needed a few good basic institutions . `` Security of property and tolerable administration of justice , '' as Smith put it .
This idea has also given rise to a very strong presumption that if an economy as a whole is under-saving and under-investing , the government ought to help to correct this problem by running surpluses , not make it worse by running deficits that drain the pool of private savings available to fund investment .
Unlike in Venezuela , there is a viable scenario in which both visions -- macroeconomic orthodoxy and greater social justice -- can be realized .
These are all feasible targets ; if they are met , then Brazil 's government debt will be a stable 60 % of GDP .
Once investors see that Brazil 's fiscal policy is sustainable , and they see continued low interest rates in the industrial core , Brazil will look more attractive .
Soon , Brazil 's government would find itself able to roll over its short-term debt on more favorable terms , as interest rates drop below 10 % .
Reduced government debt would also means more money available for private investment , providing a further boost to labor productivity .
Remember , these are the type of people who once thought that selling dog food over the internet was a brilliant business strategy , and that by 2010 Qualcomm would be able to sell two mobile phones a year to everyone in the northern hemisphere .
Once upon a time , Lula would have been able to rely on broad international support , as Cardoso did .
The US Treasury under Robert Rubin and Larry Summers was unafraid to join the IMF in betting the store on Mexico , Thailand , Korea , and Brazil when they thought the odds were favorable .
The Knife 's - Edge Economy Berkeley -- Since 2003 , I have been saying that the global economy is badly unbalanced and vulnerable to a macroeconomic catastrophe that would yield one of the worst episodes of economic distress of modern times .
In 2004-2007 , I considered that I might be wrong about a relatively rapid resolution to the world 's economic distress : as the late Rudi Dornbusch put it , unsustainable macroeconomic imbalances can sustain themselves longer than economists -LRB- with their touching faith in rational human decision making -RRB- believe is possible .
Either central banks would manage somehow to thread the needle and guide exchange rates and asset prices back to some stable and sustainable equilibrium configuration , or the chaos and disruption in financial markets would spill over into the real economy and a major global downturn would begin .
Jobs are moving from construction -LRB- and related occupations -RRB- into tradable goods and services production -LRB- and related occupations -RRB- .
But if the system of financial intermediation collapses in universal bankruptcy , producers of tradable goods will be unable to get financing to expand .
And if housing and mortgage security prices do n't just fall but collapse , everyone should remember that construction employment falls faster than employment in tradable goods can grow .
Unstable and unsustainable configurations must come to an end .
At such a time , central banks must step in and set the price of liquidity at a reasonable level -- make it a centrally-planned and administered price -- rather than let it swing free in response to private-sector supply and demand .
Yet the risk premia on non-Treasury assets have soared to barely believable heights : the annual interest-rate premium for holding a CD issued by a private bank now stands at five percentage points .
At a time horizon of a decade or two , the past performance of stocks and bonds is neither a reliable guarantee nor a good guide to future results .
You can argue that the corporate executives have expertise and knowledge that allows them to commit the funds they control to higher-return projects than are available in the stock market .
Businesses that ought to be expanding and hiring can not , because the depressed general level of financial asset prices prevents them from borrowing money or selling bonds on profitable terms .
The fact that the Geithner Plan is likely to be profitable for the US government is , however , a sideshow .
With higher financial asset prices , those firms that ought to be expanding and hiring will be able to get money on more attractive terms .
The world today is too small for any of us to be able to afford for any corner of it to be left out of the conquest of Malthusianism .
But the question is : was the bet that Greenspan made a favorable one ?
Other days , however , I think that , even with the extra information we have learned about the structure of the economy , Greenspan 's decisions in 2001-2004 were prudent and committed us to a favorable and acceptable bet .
As this history suggests , it is more remarkable for a US president not to reappoint a Fed chairman named by the opposite party than to reappoint one who wishes it .
And that can be a very valuable asset for an incumbent Fed chair -- one that no other candidate could match .
Presidents ' futures -- their ability to win re-election , to accomplish other policy goals , and to leave a respectable legacy -- hinge on the economy 's strength .
For some reason , asset prices get way out of whack and rise to unsustainable levels .
A fundamental shock bigger than the one in 1929-1930 hit a financial system that was much more vulnerable to shocks than was the case back then .
After all , modern economies are stable and stubborn things . Market systems are resilient webs that offer the best possible incentives to people to make deals and use resources productively .
A 54 % fall in industrial production between its 2007 peak and today is inconceivable -- is n't it ?
If so , then the unavoidable conclusion must be that things would not have been so bad if the government had refused to implement an expansionary fiscal policy , recapitalize banks , nationalize troubled institutions , and buy financial assets in non-standard ways .
Sometimes spending rises because there is more disposable cash in the economy , and sometimes because changes in opportunity costs -- the cost of forgoing some other action , such as saving -- make people want to spend the cash they have more rapidly .
It is subject to what Milton Friedman called `` long and variable lags . ''
? Recapitalization of banks that appeared very vulnerable ;
Given the depth of political polarization in the US , and thus the need for 60 of 100 votes in the Senate to end a Republican filibuster , there is no sign of it being able to do so .
But about half of the stimulus money spent to date is on the tax and transfer side , and about a quarter is direct aid to states , which enables them not to raise taxes .
The Federal Reserve will thus be able to ease monetary policy then to offset the fiscal drag .
Let 's then imagine what Europe needs to do to confront its most pressing challenges , especially if it were able to do so without the political constraints of 50 years of EU deal-making and ramshackle institution-building .
Europe needs a clearer and more recognizable global agenda .
Education is by far the most profitable investment Europe can make , so it should be launching its most ambitious strategy ever to create a new knowledge dynamic and employment inside the EU while helping to expand greatly education in the world 's poorest countries .
A stronger European identity is the soundest basis for creating the more multi-cultural society that demographers regard as inevitable .
That way , if a small minority of EU governments prove unable to ratify the treaty , it would not be torpedoed the way that its predecessor , the Constitutional Treaty , was in 2005 .
One must go back to the Qing Dynasty -LRB- 1644-1912 -RRB- and its 60-year era of `` heavenly flourishing '' -LRB- Qianlong -RRB- in the eighteenth century to find a comparable period of coherent political and economic policy .
The Chinese state probably has n't sat on so much lucre since the halcyon days of the Qing Empire , when insatiable European demand for porcelain , tea and silk flooded the central coffers in Beijing with silver bullion .
For years , the central government has talked about creating `` social harmony '' -- with a `` new-type rural cooperative medical services system , '' by increasing spending on education to 4 % of GDP and eliminating school fees , and implementing `` sustainable development '' models .
And the economic costs of restricted access to healthcare and education , on top of the scarcity of clear air and potable water , will be crippling in the mid - and long-term .
In her classic study On Revolution , Hannah Arendt observed darkly that `` whatever brotherhood human beings may be capable of has grown out of fratricide , whatever political organization men may have achieved has its origin in crime . ''
The Korean Peninsula will most likely achieve `` complete , verifiable , and irreversible denuclearization '' only when North Korea is already moving in the direction of economic growth and integration .
North Korea 's regime will require demonstrable evidence that a secure , prosperous , non-nuclear development model is available to it before it abandons its nuclear program .
Kim apparently reiterated his government 's willingness to return to the talks , but the question is what kind of assurances he was able to give Hu in order to persuade a wary US and hostile South Korea that he is really ready to deal .
This may delay entry into the EU but that is preferable to inciting chaos on the island and across the eastern Mediterranean .
During his first term , Brazil 's President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva implemented a `` Zero Hunger '' plan targeting the most vulnerable people in Brazilian society .
Bolivia prohibited the export of corn , rice , meat , and vegetable oil .
One of the inevitable consequences of the current food crisis will be a re-consolidation of the state 's role in agriculture .
This strategy alone can enable these countries to compete economically in an increasingly global market .
The recent bombings in Istanbul underscore , once again , the importance of Turkey 's overcoming Huntington 's fault line to emerge firmly as a prosperous , secular and stable democracy .
If Turkey succeeds , it will show that there is nothing inevitable about the 21
Indeed , the single most important factor , which will have a decisive impact on developments to come and could set the stage for a remarkable success story , or , on the contrary , lead to failure , is the European Union 's forthcoming decision on whether or not to start negotiations towards Turkey 's full EU membership in 2005 .
Turkey must , of course , fulfill the conditions common to all candidate countries , measured in a fair and reasonable manner .
Low interest rates mean that the additional debt burdens that public borrowing will create can remain manageable .
Moreover , fairness and security considerations demand that the most vulnerable , who had no role in the making of this crisis , receive support .
Extending social safety nets helps the most vulnerable and is likely to have high multiplier effects , as the need to spend is most urgent for the poorest people .
Moreover , India can claim a great deal of pride in the fact that the last two presidents were from minority populations -- one from the lowest of castes -LRB- Harijan , formerly referred to as `` untouchables '' -RRB- , and another one from the Muslim community .
Patil , on the other hand , is a controversial figure , with questionable qualifications .
In fact , militants were able to carry out their work -- drilling holes in the rock , filling them with explosives , and detonating them -- in broad daylight .
Carved in the cliff side or protected in small beautiful museums , these remarkable objects were the pride and joy of local Muslims , followers of the faith for more than a millennium .
As a non-Muslim , Indian woman , I was able to travel through the region without any fear and received warm support from local residents . People of all stripes welcomed me , and were often willing to take me to important Buddhist sites .
But now we see Asian companies beginning to acquire valuable US-owned economic assets -- witness India 's Tata Group 's proposed acquisition of Jaguar and Land Rover from Ford . Do you see foreign investment and acquisitions in America as a positive development or a potential peril ?
A 2005 report by the US State Department 's Advisory Committee on Cultural Diplomacy called for a new vision of cultural diplomacy that `` can enhance US national security in subtle , wide-ranging and sustainable ways . ''
Since 2006 , between 15 and 20 million hectares of farmland , the equivalent of the total arable surface of France , have been the subject of negotiations by foreign investors .
The risks are considerable .
There is also a clear tension between ceding land to investors for the creation of large plantations , and the objective of redistributing land and ensuring more equitable access to it .
It should come as no wonder that smallholders and agricultural laborers represent a combined 70 % of those who are unable to feed themselves today .
If smallholders compete in the same markets as the large farms , they lose . Yet they render invaluable services , in terms of preservation of agro - and biodiversity , local communities ' resilience to price shocks or weather-related events , and environmental conservation .
It is regrettable that , instead of rising to the challenge of developing agriculture in a way that is more socially and environmentally sustainable , we act as if accelerating the destruction of the global peasantry could be accomplished responsibly .
To be sure , in EU institutions ' public and ceremonial meetings , interpretation and translation must be equally available , at least in principle , from every language into every other .
This saves resources , but it also implies a considerable loss of meaning .
So the headlines proclaim : `` Einstein was right after all , '' as though scientists should be compared as one would clairvoyants : Who is distinguished from the common herd by knowing the unknowable -- such as the outcome of experiments that have yet to be conceived , let alone conducted ?
All other predictions based on the previous theory of gravity -- that of Isaac Newton -- that were testable at the time were good approximations to those of unmodified general relativity , with that single exception : Newton 's space was an unmoving background against which objects move .
Moreover , anything beyond that traditional conception of space required a considerable conceptual leap , while the cosmological term made no measurable difference to other predictions .
If imposing a single strategy is unviable , what should the European option be , and what policy should the G8 and NATO adopt ?
Any truly viable policy must get eight things right :
Larger projects , such as the Greater Middle East initiative , are much less sustainable than targeted initiatives and are more susceptible to the exigencies of electoral campaigns .
What limits on the use of US military power are acceptable or necessary ?
On this view , NATO is merely to serve as a means to mobilize Europeans to tackle the inevitable postwar stabilization and reconstruction missions - obviating the need for the US to place its forces under NATO command .
The vote supported those who felt that `` those who make wise decisions are more formidable to their enemies than those who rush madly into strong action . ''
Europe and Europeans can not wait for a new treaty to show that the Union is able to fulfill that promise .
The mistake , however , is to assume that open societies are more permissive and vulnerable to terrorism than those who live under authoritarian regimes .
It is because Britain is a democracy that respects the rule of law that it has been able to mobilize vast sectors of its Muslim community .
As the economist Joan Robinson pointed out in 1947 , just about any exchange rate will be the equilibrium value for some combination of these other variables . The equilibrium exchange rate , she famously argued , is a chimera .
For the 30 years since the beginning of China 's economic reforms , Chinese industry has achieved impressive efficiency gains by adopting new technologies and realizing economies of scale , leading to a huge expansion in locally made products suitable for export .
As this is constantly evolving in unpredictable ways , there is no reason to expect that the assumptions underlying any particular macroeconomic model will ever remain valid long enough for its steady-state solution to be achieved in practice .
Originally attractive for offering low-cost production , developing countries now present a viable market for multinational corporations .
But in many emerging economies , a large proportion of the population is poor , and those who are not remain vulnerable to falling into poverty in times of crisis .
Healthcare is financed largely out-of pocket -- up to 60 % in Asia -- and many countries shoulder a `` triple disease burden '' of `` old '' diseases like tuberculosis and malaria , new infectious diseases like Influenza A -LRB- H1N1 -RRB- , and a `` silent pandemic '' in the form of non-communicable diseases such as diabetes and cancer .
Drug donations by companies have been criticized for being mostly unsustainable .
Often , the medicines are unsuitable for patients , unfamiliar to local prescribers , do not match national clinical guidelines , or are near expiry .
Because supplies of donated medicines can be unpredictable , they can create chaos in the market by preventing accurate quantification of needs and thus affecting planning .
· Investment in research and development that is relevant to the diseases affecting developing countries , and in medicines suitable for resource-poor contexts -LRB- for example , heat-stable formulations or fixed combination drugs -RRB- ; and
Leading companies are starting to understand how integrating these concerns into core business practices may hold the answer to sustainable long-term profitability in emerging markets .
More importantly , the model 's dependence on aggressive defense of patents and high profit margins , in order to generate the all-important $ 1 billion per annum , keeps companies from serving target markets effectively by providing products that are relevant , affordable , and accessible .
Novartis 's Arogya Parivar model sells medicines in smaller , more affordable package sizes .
Ultimately , generics remain the current front-runner in terms of delivering affordable medicines .
Formulating policies that enable generic competition with the branded pharmaceutical industry will require creative measures that emphasise the imperative of maximizing public health .
Their innovative strategy is to draw on the First Amendment , which protects freedoms such as speech and religion , to argue that patents restrict patients ' freedom of access to information that might enable us to take action to protect our health .
We know that from such cases as that of John Moore , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
Proprietary rights for commercial firms over the most basic element of an individual 's genetic identity should not be enforceable .
Reverby was completing a final task in her two decades of studying the PHS 's detestable Tuskegee experiments , in which hundreds of African-American men with late-stage syphilis were observed but not treated , even after penicillin was developed .
As Reverby put it , `` I 'd spent nearly two decades explaining that there had been no inoculation at Tuskegee , that while the PHS had used deplorable ethics , they had never infected anyone with syphilis . ''
Now , as then , richer developed countries are able to put pressure on weaker , poorer ones .
First , even if the trials proved favorable , Trovan was never intended for sale in Africa , but rather for the US and European markets .
As this remains the only worthwhile and workable goal , the only viable solution to Kosovo 's future is a coalition of moderate Albanians and the parties of Kosovo 's ethnic minorities .
They will need quickly to face up to the reality that in order to pursue US interests in the region , including stabilizing Iraq and Afghanistan , the current standoff with Iran can not continue , and that a greater degree of cooperation is unavoidable .
Dialogue focused on Iran 's nuclear program or on Iraq alone will not work . Instead , the full range of issues that are significant to US-Iran relationship must be on the table .
It thus seems unavoidable that energy consumers , especially in many rich countries , will have to learn to exchange their current worries about the distant future consequences of global warming for the reality of energy shortages during periods of peak demand .
All Indian news channels have been dropped from cable networks .
Whether or not Perisic provided confidential military information to the American remains to be seen , but the fact that Serbia 's Prime Minister Zoran Djindjic demanded Perisic 's resignation suggests that , at the least , Perisic overstepped the acceptable limits of contacts with foreign diplomats .
The Western media presented Lord Ashdown as a reliable witness of Serbian atrocities against Albanian civilians .
In 1998 he personally warned Milosevic that if such continued , NATO 's intervention was inevitable .
Such language is lamentable , but it is still a big step forward from the Milo¨evic era , when both regime and opposition commonly dubbed their opponents as traitors , spies , or Western mercenaries .
After the parliamentary elections that will probably take place in the spring of 2003 , Ko¨tunica 's Democratic Party of Serbia -LRB- DSS -RRB- will be a formidable force in the Serbian assembly .
One can not help but recall Britain 's Neville Chamberlain on his return from Munich , waving that laughable treaty signed by Adolf Hitler , and declaring the advent of `` peace in our time . ''
As a result , we were able to show a strong correspondence between the fossil record and most of the changes that were observed in the fibrinopeptide sequences .
But advances in computing were indispensable to further progress .
Finally , in 1970 a splendid computer innovation enabled the proper alignment of amino acid sequences -LRB- which is vital to all subsequent data management -RRB- .
I was confident that bioinformatics would enable us to identify all genes merely by sequence inspection .
But the inherent value is immeasurable : the ability to grasp who we are , where we came from , and what genes we humans have in common with the rest of the living world .
Another unspoken consideration may have been at work in the Guantanamo Bay case , which has garnered considerable international attention .
The development of TB chemotherapy from the 1940 's through the 1970 's transformed the once deadly `` white plague '' into a curable disease .
For the past six years , a global effort -LRB- called DOTS-Plus -RRB- to treat people with MDR-TB under strict conditions has been underway , reaching thousands with previously untreatable TB .
An unfortunate consequence of treating MDR-TB with second-line drugs , however , is the inevitable emergence of further drug resistance .
Priorities for XDR-TB surveillance include facilitating access to reliable susceptibility testing to second-line drugs and incorporating this , together with information about HIV testing , into existing TB surveillance activities .
On the contrary , introducing them into settings where treatment compliance is not assured and where drug susceptibility testing is not available would likely contribute to even more resistant organisms .
Ultimately health systems must be strengthened to enable health care providers to find TB that is present in communities with more sensitive and specific diagnostic tests , treat TB according to the class of the organism with the latest and most potent drugs , and prevent TB among those who are at risk . These steps may very well ensure that XDR-TB does not engulf the advances made in the past century in the global fight against TB .
Turkey has imported an economics minister from the World Bank - Kemal Dervis , an able man , though not someone very familiar with the speculative financiers preying on the country .
It also means that private debts quickly become unpayable , more so because a recession is coming .
Turkey 's public debt is simply unpayable .
So how is the Turkish government dealing with the inevitable ?
The most notable barrage here was the affaire Stiglitz , when the World Bank 's chief economist accused the IMF of malpractice , gaining applause from bad economists and failed policy makers worldwide .
The latest hits have just happened . First came the resignation of IMF chief economist Michael Mussa , a formidable University of Chicago-educated economist renowned for good judgment .
Mussa was also remarkable for a flamboyant presentation of his views , which was hard for some IMF folk to tolerate in so stuffy environment .
The IMF has become a household word , but one with unfavorable connotations .
Part of this negative assessment is inevitable : by the time a country comes to the IMF it is on its way to the economic emergency room . Radical surgery usually follows .
But the IMF must also reinvent itself to become far more focused ; it may not be able to change its image but it can become more effective .
The IMF is well advised to stay away from the details and not stretch its little political capital to so broad a range of issues with an inevitable failure in satisfying the whole range of partners in an ever-wider dialogue ;
Beyond the hype we now see high employment and a stable economy .
From here the script goes further : the numerous interest rate cuts of the past year have made the costs of capital favorable so that , once production and capacity utilization rise , capital spending by business will rise some time in early next year . In the end , the biggest lag on recovery -- spending on high tech -- will gradually come back to life in the second half of next year .
Indeed , no one thinks that the US economy is deeply unstable : there are no banking problems , there is no real estate problem , there is no mass unemployment , there is no inflation holding the Fed back from cutting interest rates .
Japan 's finances will remain stable only as long as Japanese households support the status quo by rolling over their holdings of government debt or by buying even more in the mistaken belief that such bonds remain plausible investments .
A moment of enlightenment might arise in Saudi Arabia so that , in a nick of time , stable government is restored , and it is conceivable that some inflationary strategy might get Japan off the hook before the chimes at midnight strike .
Pressures will be formidable to buy where prices are low and sell , or at least not to buy , where prices are high .
For European cities , the results are listed in the table below , which uses Germany as the benchmark .
Often competition is limited by regulations that fragment markets , but sometimes it is a matter of it being unprofitable to arbitrage to , say , bring in your croissants from Belgium each morning .
The critical point here is that a retail price includes not only the price of the goods but also distribution costs - wages of shop personnel , rent , advertising , profit margins , etc. . These differ vastly across countries , as the table suggests .
To function and remain socially acceptable , however , capitalism must be as clean as possible .
For the only way capitalism can be made acceptable , and hence deliver growth and prosperity around the world , is to practice this rite of exorcism in public .
Now that America 's recovery is underway - and it arises from a slump not a recession - the current account deficit will widen even further and in no time discussions about the unsustainable high-flying dollar will become fashionable again .
A huge yen depreciation and sizeable decline in the dollar would hit European competitiveness and growth hard .
Because America has low inflation and is financially stable , the exchange rate is not the risk factor it was in the 1970s .
Saudi Arabia is unstable , so it will keep trying to straddle both sides .
The problem , as in 1991 , is the absence of a suitable government to fill the vacuum , one acceptable to the region and to the US .
In some cases , notably Argentina , borrowing by domestic buyers exhausted all available lines of credit .
Indeed , the consequences of the fall-off in ODA are already dramatic ; the number of people going hungry and in extreme poverty is now far greater than before , and the same is true of the unemployed , those who work in vulnerable jobs , or earn less than $ 1.25 a day .
Widespread coverage has been achieved through UNITAID 's influence on the price of life-saving drugs : it guarantees a market through long-term commitments to purchase high volumes of medicines and diagnostics -- a commitment made possible by the sustainable and predictable funding of the `` air tax . ''
When the MDGs were adopted in 2000 , the sense of urgency was powered by the moral conviction that extreme poverty had become an unacceptable anachronism in our globally connected world .
This was an unpalatable conclusion .
A similar resistance to noisome conclusions -- and similarly understandable from a psychological viewpoint -- informs today 's thinking about terrorists .
The great contribution of social science to the understanding of human evil has been to expose unpalatable truths .
South Africa is a notable exception , offering the best prospect for driving regional economic integration , but it , too , has chronic social problems and , compared to East Asia , anemic economic growth .
· Although index-fund investments are important compared to the positions of other futures participants , their behavior is predictable , as they publicly announce both their commodity portfolio and the timing of their transactions ;
Futures markets have evolved historically in response to market participants ' need to manage price risks , and they are an indispensable marketing tool for many commodities .
Proposals to create an international fund to counteract price hikes in futures markets , for example , might divert speculators from trading and thus lower the market liquidity available for hedging purposes .
Such measures will contribute to shaping a more stable market environment and ensure that commodity futures reduce risks and volatility .
These polarized positions reflect an uncomfortable reality .
By opposing a resolution that was unacceptable , Mexico helped craft one that was acceptable .
In distancing itself from the US , Mexico was able to reach out to the broader world .
By rejecting a unilateral stance , Mexico enabled a multilateral outcome .
However small , however limited , Mexico played a valuable role .
Many are thankful that the piñata is available to liven up bilateral relations and ca n't wait to give it a good whack .
Such distorted priorities reflect a simple reality : democracy in Latin America seems incapable of dismantling old networks of clienteles and their traditional power-sharing arrangements .
Despite unrest in Bolivia , and populist politicians on the march , Latin America is n't on the verge of an economic meltdown . Indeed , the region remains largely stable .
In the face of a public health system that seemed incapable of diagnosing and treating the outbreak quickly , the government felt it had little choice but to shut down Mexico City , dealing a severe blow to an already crippled economy .
The electoral process has been unable to guarantee decent democratic governance , rein in predatory practices among the political class , or make public officials follow established rules , keep them responsive to citizen preferences , and deter them from channeling public funds into private hands .
Public opinion seems disenchanted with a democracy incapable of offering tangible solutions to problems , the flu crisis being the most recent example .
Lately , political battles among key actors have not been about how to build a more effective of representative political system or a more equitable , dynamic economy , but about how to maintain control of accumulated power or distribute it among their allies .
Political parties appear far removed from citizen demands , beset by internal divisions , incapable of addressing deep-rooted inequality and lawlessness , and prone to populist or authoritarian leadership that promises quick fixes to entrenched problems .
In this national crisis , Mexico 's people have closed ranks , collaborated , and showed that they are capable of working together to achieve common goals in the public interest .
But their political and economic elites frequently seem incapable of doing so .
It hid economic distortions , allowing successive governments to postpone needed structural reform as it financed the status quo . Mexico was able to float along , buoyed by billions of dollars of oil revenue , without having to swim more quickly or forcefully than its competitors in the sea of emerging markets .
The government had become too dependent on a non-renewable resource , and therefore did little to deepen or widen the tax base .
Inequality , Interests and Competition , edited by the prominent economists Santiago Levy and Michael Walton , argues , vested interests are capable of blocking changes that would make the economy more productive and efficient .
There are too many unions , monopolists , and bureaucrats that behave like hungry sharks , accustomed to feeding off oil revenues and appropriating the extraordinary wealth that Mexico produces but does not share in an equitable and democratic way .
I do n't have a crystal ball , but I 'm certain that several years from now we should be able to look back at the Georgian crisis as a turning point .
Instead of needing food assistance , many of the farm families were able to cope with the harsh weather and look forward to a harvest .
That is why it is more important than ever for international donors and African governments to continue to support programs that give small farmers access to the good seeds , quality tools , and reliable markets that they need to become self-sufficient .
These tasks can not be accomplished unilaterally -- multilateral cooperation is indispensable .
But the differences between Europe 's economies were never so dramatic as to form an insurmountable barrier to embarking upon the most ambitious project of all : adopting a common currency .
Indeed , even something like a self-fulfilling debt crisis is thinkable : if market participants believe that a default or an exit from EMU is imminent , this would drive up government bond yields for the country in question .
By supporting to such a degree two new EU members that are not part of EMU , the EU countries have demonstrated a much greater commitment to mutual aid than was thinkable only a few years ago .
Against this background , it seems inconceivable that the EU should refuse to support an EMU member in a situation similar to that of Hungary and Latvia , especially as all the countries that are currently on market watch lists are long-time EU members .
Indeed , the no-bailout clause in Article 103 of the EU Treaty -- according to which neither the European Central Bank , the EU , nor national governments `` shall -LRB- ... -RRB- be liable for or assume the commitments '' for other national governments -- has lost its credibility .
The EU 's fiscal surveillance mechanisms failed to predict these developments because they neglect a crucial variable : the dynamics of private-sector debt .
While no initiative for coping with these problems has been tabled so far , the issue is certain to become a matter of debate within the EMU .
While China may be a ravenous importer of Latin American commodities , it is also a formidable competitor .
The government owns or controls most of the mass media -- the major newspapers and television stations -- but there is an abundance of mostly marginalized publications and radio stations -LRB- to say nothing of the Internet -RRB- that retain a remarkable degree of independence .
In the United States , people are already rating their own doctors at sites such as RateMDs.com and vitals.com ; third-party doctor and hospital ratings are available at HealthGrades.com .
With enough data , we can then figure out that the same `` disease '' is in fact a variety of different disorders , some susceptible to particular known treatments and some susceptible to others or simply incurable .
The second challenge is to understand how the genes interact among themselves or with other factors to produce the condition , which should enable the development of new preventive measures or treatments based on the details of how the condition begins and how it progresses .
It also requires a lot of data processing to make the records usable .
We now have the ability to sequence genomes at increasingly lower costs , and we are slowly making the corresponding health information computer-readable .
It is easy to believe something when someone who appears knowledgeable asserts it .
If we ask for it , Web sites will offer not just content but reputation systems , so that contributors will have reputations as reliable sources -LRB- or not -RRB- .
So , rather than suppressing or regulating the information that Google uncovers , we are better off making it more freely available .
A Google that is accountable to its users -- searchers , advertisers , investors , and governments -- is likely to be a better outfit that does more good in today 's relatively open market .
Nice as it sounds , the reality is likely to be ridden with bureaucracy , susceptible to control by the worst of the world 's governments rather than its best ones , and incapable of innovation .
Openness and transparency do not mean simply making everything available online , but making information easy to get to , compare , and analyze .
Just as consumers can rate products , parents and students should be able to rate and provide feedback on the performance of individual teachers .
If we know how sausages are made , should n't we also be able to find out how laws are made and enforced , and what the government officials whose salaries we pay do with their time ?
I 'd like to lay out a simple path to addressing -LRB- not resolving -RRB- these security problems , one that does not require agreement among all governments -LRB- or people -RRB- on what really constitutes a crime , much less a global police force or unenforceable global treaties .
We need to enable people to defend themselves against others ; prevent innocent , well-meaning people from becoming infected and harming others ; and reduce the incentives and ability of the ill-intentioned to do harm .
Tracking user IDs will not enable us to catch or stop bad guys , and it will render the Internet impossible to use .
Uribe 's victory , and the emerging political consensus that it reflects , was remarkable for its peacefulness , in contrast to the violence that left-wing guerrillas unleashed when he won the presidency four years ago .
Moreover , the Colombian Supreme Court is expected to reduce impunity further by amending the law that allows these trials to make all the paramilitaries ' assets available for compensation to their victims .
This model is being hailed internationally as a possible compromise formula for ending intractable conflicts where atrocities can not go unpunished but incentives must be found to disarm warring factions .
But for Uribe 's consensus to outlast him and become a truly viable model for the continent , he knows that he must win the hearts and minds of Colombia 's disaffected rural population .
Judging by governments ' reactions to the crisis , one could be forgiven for thinking that market regulators and competition authorities should take the lead when an economy is stable , and that industrial policies should be implemented in times of emergency .
Thus , the Commission was able -- even before it was officially asked to intervene -- to preempt measures that were contrary to single-market logic .
It would ensure enforceable international human rights , environmental , and labor laws .
The FTAA is far too concerned with protecting corporations to be capable of addressing the issues that most trouble Latin America 's citizens .
Engineering programs are in high demand , and engineers enjoy a status comparable to lawyers and doctors in the West .
Today 's fundamentalism is a modern way of being religious , more suitable to a literate , urban population than a peasantry guided by traditional religious scholars .
According to `` the Coase Conjecture , '' a monopolist selling a durable good must sell it at marginal cost .
A sustainable economic growth rate that helps reduce poverty and inequality can be achieved only with a skilled and innovative labor force .
Reforms must aim at making grade school and high school teachers accountable .
The main weakness of Latin America 's economies is that they will be unable to generate the type of rapid and sustained growth required to create jobs and reduce inequality and poverty .
What Lula did was simply to decide that Brazil would be a `` normal '' country . But more than controlled inflation is needed to create a robust economy with a high and sustainable growth rate .
As many studies have shown , Brazil has not been able -- or has not wanted -- to adopt the modernizing reforms needed to promote a productivity boom .
After presidential debates in the United States or Britain , the contenders , who may have been accusing each other of the most unforgivable of sins , shake hands vigorously and give each other genial and encouraging smiles .
In pre-1989 Eastern Europe , for example , politicians ' ideological positions were seen as inseparable from their moral , or human , self .
Clearly , parliamentary brawls are not a desirable modus operandi .
In practice , few of us can manage to compartmentalize our perceptions -- and , perhaps , doing so would not be desirable .
For the moment , the patient is stable , external symptoms notwithstanding .
G-20 chairs can have considerable influence .
China is incapable of solving this problem on its own , because its economy is still only one-third the size of America 's .
The US and the Europeans are in constant contact , doing their best to agree on positions and table common proposals .
The Greek crisis shows that Europe is still only halfway toward creating a viable monetary union .
Those running a strong emergency financing mechanism will have to be strongly accountable .
It demanded an extraordinarily independent and unaccountable central bank that is now running an excessively tight monetary policy , aggravating the plight of the PIIGS -LRB- Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece , and Spain -RRB- .
And who better to press for a more accountable European Central Bank ?
The best way to ensure that the IMF 's management is accountable to all of its governmental shareholders is to prevent the top job from becoming the sinecure of any region , whether Europe or Asia .
Others , who see a substantially undervalued renminbi as a significant factor in US unemployment , will be disappointed by gradual adjustment . They would have preferred a sharp revaluation of perhaps 20 % in order to make a noticeable dent in the US unemployment rate .
All of this was unimaginable a month ago .
But recent cuts in public-sector pay in Spain and Greece are a reminder that Europe is , in fact , capable of wage flexibility .
There should be clear rules governing disbursement , who is in charge , and how much money is available . It should not be necessary to obtain the agreement of 27 national parliaments each time action is needed .
This is a formidable -- some would say unrealistically ambitious -- agenda .
Putting public finances on a sustainable footing , they argue , is essential to reassure financial markets .
They understand that their countries ' fiscal positions are unsustainable .
But they can reduce interest rates by eliminating the perceived risk of sovereign default . Banks will be able to borrow from one another for less , and thus able to lend to firms for less .
Fiscal velocity may be considerable -- that is , deficits may be large -- but there is no sign of a brick wall ahead .
Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne insists that his country 's fiscal trajectory is dangerously unsustainable , and he has proposed draconian cuts .
In the days of fixed commissions , investment banks could make a comfortable living booking stock trades .
Conglomerates allow financial institutions to diversify their business , and combining with commercial banks allows investment banks to fund their operations using relatively stable deposits instead of fickle money markets .
As a stand-alone entity , it was then vulnerable to market swings .
A crisis sufficient to threaten the entire financial system was required to precipitate the inevitable conglomeratization .
Financial innovation , meanwhile , worked to make credit even cheaper and more widely available .
It is admirable , therefore , that South Korea 's government has taken the lead in discussions about reforming the IMF 's mandate .
This would generalize and extend its Flexible Credit Line -LRB- FCL -RRB- , under which countries with impeccable credentials are prequalified for automatic access to IMF credit without having to accept onerous conditions .
No one country will be able to run current-account deficits and use foreign finance to indulge in financial excesses as freely as the United States did in recent years .
Will exchange rates between the major currencies be dangerously unstable ?
Compared to private investors , then , central-bank reserve managers are more likely to act as stabilizing speculators . The result will be to make the exchange rates between the three international currencies more stable , not less .
The rise of new economic powers with lower costs made employment loss in old industries like textiles , iron and steel , and shipbuilding inevitable .
The country turned inward . Its politics grew fractious , its policies erratic , and its finances increasingly unstable .
Europe 's Inevitable Haircut
The crisis countries have , in fact , shown remarkable resolve in implementing painful cuts .
But one economic variable has not adjusted with the others : public and private debt .
These are reasonable objections , but they should not be allowed to lead to unreasonable conclusions .
To deny this is both unreasonable and illogical .
Annual growth since 1999 has averaged 5.1 % in Egypt , and 4.6 % in Tunisia -- not Chinese-style growth rates , to be sure , but comparable nonetheless to emerging-market countries like Brazil and Indonesia , which are now widely viewed as economic successes .
Indeed , the country is rife with reports of desperate university graduates unable to find productive employment .
The other fashionable policy idea that will ultimately prove impractical is to transform the IMF credits known as Special Drawing Rights into an international currency to rival the dollar . The problem is that SDRs are used neither to settle cross-border transactions nor as a unit in which to denominate international bonds .
It is conceivable , therefore , that Europe will have two currencies , the euro and sterling , in the long run .
This special accounting treatment could then be phased out over time , requiring banks to acknowledge their losses , but only once they were able to do so .
Rather than piling more loans onto the country 's already unsustainable debt burden , the EU should offer a multi-year program of foreign aid .
And it looked the other way when French and German banks recklessly enabled the Greek government 's profligacy .
Chinese bonds remain unavailable .
This would enable central banks to hold instruments that behave like a widely diversified global equity portfolio .
Without growth , austerity will become intolerable .
The trigger may have been outgoing Prime Minister George Papandreou 's ill-advised decision to call for a referendum on the EU 's rescue package -LRB- which implies further severe austerity measures -RRB- ; but the fundamental problem is that a brutal recession made the government 's demise all but inevitable .
On the contrary , the new government 's position will be no more tenable than that of its predecessor .
In September of that year , Bundesbank President Helmut Schlesinger made some reckless comments about how devaluations within Europe 's system of supposed stable exchange rates `` can not be ruled out . '' Schlesinger 's unguarded remarks signaled that the Bundesbank was not willing to do whatever it took to preserve the system -- a signal that encouraged investors to place massive bets against the British pound and Italian lira .
In turn , this allows unsustainable imbalances to build up , leading to an inevitable crash .
But nothing is free . That price would be an investment in a more stable international system .
The IMF would be using real resources to subsidize the market until private market-makers saw it as attractive to provide those services at comparable cost .
But , again , what is this if not an investment in a more stable global monetary system ?
The IMF would have to be able to issue additional SDRs in periods of shortage , as when the Fed provided dollar swaps to ensure adequate dollar liquidity in the second half of 2008 .
All that liquidity , they will argue , had to go somewhere . Its logical destination was the country with the deepest financial markets , the US , where it raised asset prices to unsustainable heights .
They need time to build a social safety net capable of encouraging Chinese households to reduce their precautionary saving .
The second option is clearly preferable . After all , it is always better to control one 's own fate .
Disbursing more than 20 % of the credits available to a country still requires that it first reach an agreement with the IMF , and 20 % of a country 's entitlement is actually less than it contributes to the pool .
Combine this with the continued fall in housing prices , and it is understandable that consumer spending remains depressed .
Meanwhile , state governments , seeing revenues fall as a result of lower taxable incomes last year , are cutting back like mad .
That place is not Europe or Japan , where debts are even higher than in the US -- and the demographic preconditions for servicing them less favorable . Rather , it is emerging markets like China .
But for this to be tolerable , the US needs to relieve China of existing risks .
But if the IMF is to have a future , its management will have to issue stronger warnings about the next dangerously large US current-account deficit , the next unsustainable housing boom , or whatever large-country problem succeeds them .
So far , however , the innovative ideas for reforming the international system have come from the United Nations , 10 Downing Street , and the People 's Bank of China . The Fund has been notable mainly for its silence .
While both proposals have merit , whether they will be enough to stabilize our dangerously unstable financial systems is at best dubious .
It would be understandable if emerging markets , having seen deep problems in the conduct of foreign banks , now insist on domestic ownership and control of financial institutions .
Contrary to concerns that foreign banks would cut and run at the first sign of trouble , in the current crisis they maintained a remarkable degree of support for their subsidiaries in emerging markets .
The home country must put a cap on leverage , limit acceptable liquidity and funding practices , and have a resolution regime for winding up complex financial institutions .
Otherwise , emerging markets should be able to say that banks from that country will not be allowed to enter .
Unemployment rates would converge , as would other important macroeconomic variables , such as unit labor costs , productivity , and fiscal deficits and government debt .
For that variable , we looked at the average yearly GDP growth in the first five years after the introduction of euro banknotes and coins in 2002 .
But , for some countries , such as Greece , Ireland , and Spain , this would not be enough to reach sustainable debt levels in 2020 .
War Without End on Congo 's Women NEW YORK -- The violence in Congo is unspeakable .
But , if the horror of Congo 's recent wars -- which have killed more people than any war since World War II -- is to end , the unspeakable must be spoken .
When impunity for unspeakable acts goes unchallenged , those acts become even more unspeakable .
As long as such choices do not impose unreasonable or unbearable burdens on others , these democratic choices merit full respect .
If the Irish vote No a second time , and this leads to the postponement of EU enlargement , they would place an unreasonable and unbearable burden on Europe .
This situation is both understandable and increasingly unsettling for America 's well-being and that of the global economy .
One way to understand current conditions -- and what is needed to improve them -- is to consider two events that recently attracted considerable worldwide attention : the launch of Boeing 's Dreamliner passenger jet and the tragic death of Apple 's Steve Jobs .
It is extremely vulnerable to high oil and food prices .
· With virtually no earned income and dwindling savings , the unemployed are least able to manage the current surge in gasoline and food prices , they are effectively shut off from credit , and many have mortgage debt that exceed the value of their homes .
High and intractable unemployment has serious negative long-term consequences that threaten to become exponentially worse .
And , if unemployment is particularly acute among the young , as is the case today , too many of the unemployed risk becoming unemployable .
These realities were masked by the craziness that characterized America 's pre-2008 `` Golden Age '' of leverage , credit , and debt entitlement , which fueled a gigantic but unsustainable boom in construction , housing , leisure , and retail .
And it must do so while better protecting the long-term unemployed , many of whom bear little responsibility for their current , once unthinkable , and unfortunately long-lasting predicament .
As everyone who has ever had an unpalatable job knows , shutting off the alarm and pulling the blanket over one 's head is not a solution .
In Europe , every balance sheet available has been tapped to forestall a debt crisis in the periphery , resulting in large bailout packages for Greece , Ireland , and Portugal , and the contamination of the ECB 's balance sheet .
There are also signs suggesting that emerging economies ' breakout is well anchored , and that China , in particular , will be able to navigate its complicated middle-income development transition .
Europe could re-engineer the eurozone to enable debt sustainability and high economic growth .
Parameters become variables ; balance sheet repairs proceed in a slow and uneven fashion ; and policymakers experience an uncomfortable shift in the balance of benefits , costs , and risks .
But , like many last-minute agreements , it would have little durable impact .
Congress initially rejected the measure , but a dramatic 770-point drop in the stock market focused politicians ' minds , bringing them back to the table -- and to agreement .
Creditors would then ask many more questions before adding to their already-considerable holdings of US government debt , generating still more headwinds in a US economy that already faces an unemployment crisis and uneven growth .
And the question then becomes whether the crew of the struggling rescue vessel will decide that they can stabilize the situation only through a once-unthinkable action -- throwing someone overboard to lighten the vessel and save the rest .
My own sense is that it was able but unwilling , owing to its fear of collateral damage for the rest of the eurozone .
It opted for delay in the hope that the eurozone 's most vulnerable members would reinforce their defenses against Greek contagion .
Whichever way you look at it , the ECB -- and with it Europe -- is being forced into an endgame with three once-improbable outcomes .
After some considerable volatility , a smaller and more robust currency union will emerge ; and , importantly , Europe will avoid the euro 's demise and a total breakdown of the eurozone .
You are watching with legitimate concern -LRB- and a mixture of astonishment and anger -RRB- as Europe 's crippling debt crisis spreads and America 's dysfunctional politics leave it unable to revive its moribund economy .
The very fact that we are posing this question is novel and notable it its own right .
You can add this to the list of previously unthinkable things that we have witnessed lately .
Today , however , several -LRB- though not all -RRB- emerging-market countries are benefiting from years of considerable efforts to reduce their financial vulnerability by accumulating huge amounts of international reserves .
They have also paid back a significant share of external debt and converted much of what remains into more manageable local-currency liabilities .
Today 's emerging countries have considerable policy flexibility and much greater latitude to act than they had in the past .
But such steps , while notable , would prove insufficient to counter fully the slowdown emanating from the West ; and it certainly would not materially change the outlook for the United States and Europe .
Despite their strong fundamentals , emerging countries still feel vulnerable in the face of the West 's economic weakness , policy shortfalls , and political paralysis .
Both would have to answer a lot of difficult questions and convince others that they are able to live up to NATO 's democratic requirements before being allowed to join .
Such denial is in no one 's interest . Not in the kind of Europe we still have to build -- a Europe where big and small countries are assured that they share the same rights and obligations , where minorities feel safe , where basic human rights are accepted as an inextricable part of our political system , and where neighbors are regarded with respect and expectations , not fear and anxiety .
For Russia has legitimate and undeniable interests at stake .
Yet , to obtain that kind of understanding , Russia must be able to see its own interests - in particular the economic health of Kaliningrad and Northwest Russia - taken into account as the EU enlarges .
It is , of course , an honorable act for a government to take responsibility for so grave a failing and resign .
It is totally unacceptable that people like Ratko Mladic remain at large .
Until the crisis hit last year , the enlargement had proven to be a profitable business for Old Europe : high growth rates in most of New Europe injected energy into Old Europe 's sagging economies , much to the surprise of those who had predicted that enlargement would become an economic millstone around the neck of the established member states .
Growing anxiety among China 's neighbors , particularly India , has led to remarkable increases in defense spending by other Asian powers as well .
Still , French-British cooperation if it does take on real substance could be an inspiration to others , though the challenges to making the agreement viable are formidable .
Otherwise , not only will Europe 's global political ambitions become untenable , but its allies on the other side of the Atlantic will lose patience with Europeans ' refusal to shoulder their share of the security burden .
It all began last autumn when German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder , desperate to hold on to power , made Iraq an issue in the German election campaign . He played on Germany 's well-known and respectable pacifist feelings .
In recent decades , doctors have become much more comfortable giving physical treatments to remedy psychological and social problems .
Now that enhancement of psychological well-being is regarded by some as a proper medical goal , the range of potentially treatable conditions has expanded enormously .
For several years now , antidepressants have been the most profitable class of drugs in the US .
Having demonstrated remarkable restraint in 1989 , Russian leaders expected to be embraced by the West .
Federal income taxes as a proportion of income increase steadily from 2 % at the 10th percentile -LRB- that is , a family ranked tenth from the bottom out of 100 -RRB- to 14 % at the 90th percentile , but then falls off slightly to 13 % at the very top , reflecting the favorable treatment of capital gains and investment income under the Bush administration 's income-tax laws .
Total personal taxes are mildly progressive , increasing steadily as a share of income from 14 % at the 10th percentile to 28 % at the 90th percentile , but then falling off sharply to 22 % at the top , owing to the favorable treatment of capital gains and investment income , the wage cap on social security taxes , and the sharp regressivity of sales taxes .
Twitter , which lets people send bite-size messages to large groups , allows Chinese to quickly disseminate urgent news or even uncomfortable facts . `` Twitter can create a faster information flow than any official agency , '' says Michael Anti , a journalist in Beijing who has long been at the forefront of the Chinese Internet movement .
So just imagine if Twitter were available to the larger Chinese population .
The problem is that many Chinese still lack the simple tools that would enable them to get past the GFW .
But , given the political sensitivities of foreign pressure on China , it is unclear how far Western governments will be able to go .
Of course , censors will often be just one step behind , filtering information and shutting down sites . But Chinese netizens are remarkably adept at using the limited tools available to them .
Moreover , anatomically modern populations shared a number of these innovations with Neanderthals , which many anthropologists and geneticists consider a different species , or a human type inherently incapable of reaching our cognitive level .
By creating independent courts , securing property rights , and collecting fair taxes , the state is crucial for making the environment favorable for business .
Given his myopic actions at home , where he seems increasingly incapable of dealing with any institution that has any degree of autonomy , this seems unlikely .
The past was , of course , far from perfect , but governments and peoples everywhere appeared more capable of tolerating failure .
Opposing parties use the same weapons , develop comparable tactics , and preach increasingly similar ideals .
Manipulating each other , the terrorists and the security guys became indistinguishable .
Since the pacification of Chechnya with violence and subsidies , the incarceration or emigration of a few financially viable opponents , and the massive `` social investments '' of recent years , which , under Medvedev 's personal supervision , have bribed the population , no credible force can seriously challenge Putin 's men .
Most believe that Putin is unable to intervene in his defense .
Redistributing some of the profits from high energy prices enabled the regime to improve living standards and make itself popular with ordinary Russians .
If the Kremlin claimed credit for the oil - and gas-fired prosperity of the past six years -- prosperity due solely to economic exuberance elsewhere in the world -- the Kremlin should be accountable for the current devastation .
But the truth is that it is sheer dumb luck -- not statesmanship , good professional management , or anything inherently stable about the world 's nuclear weapon systems -- that has let us survive so long without catastrophe .
So it should be obvious that maintaining the status quo is intolerable .
If that is to be avoided , continued leadership from the top -- above all from Obama and Russian President Dmitri Medvedev -- will be indispensable .
The messages must be stark : nuclear weapons are not only the most indiscriminately inhumane weapons ever invented , but the only ones capable of destroying life on this planet as we know it .
Nor is it too early to begin work on crafting a new Nuclear Weapons Convention that provides a workable framework for multilateral negotiations , and on devising an independent high-level monitoring mechanism that would spell out clear benchmarks for progress , track how they are being met , and create real pressure for change .
For all his deep emotional attachment to the idea of Israel embracing all of historical Judea and Samaria , Rabin knew that the only way to ensure a democratic Jewish state with viable , secure borders was to accept a Palestinian state alongside it , equally secure and viable .
They would share Jerusalem as a capital , and find a mutually acceptable solution to the enormously sensitive issue of the return of Palestinian refugees .
They want full UN membership , but -- facing inevitable veto of that option by the United States in the Security Council -- are willing to accept as a fallback a majority vote by the General Assembly recognizing Palestine as a non-member `` observer state , '' the status now enjoyed by the Vatican .
Despite frantic efforts by the US and the European Union to find some compromise that would head off a UN vote by kick-starting real negotiations , it is much more probable that , even after a US veto in the Security Council , an early UN General Assembly vote will deliver a strong majority for observer-state status .
The more positive argument -- as Rabin would certainly have understood -- is that it is overwhelmingly in Israel 's own interest to defuse this issue by accepting , once and for all , that Palestinian statehood is an indispensable requirement of its own long-term peace and security .
But being on the wrong side of history is never a comfortable position .
Those gains culminated in the interventions , unthinkable a decade ago , that the United Nations Security Council authorized this year to stop unfolding human-rights catastrophes in Côte d'Ivoire and Libya .
The core idea was simple : stop arguing for a `` right to intervene , '' which inevitably generates a backlash , and talk instead about `` responsibility '' -- that of every state to protect its own citizens from atrocities , but also that of the wider international community to act if a state is unable or unwilling to do so .
The new concept also made clear that international protective action meant military coercion only in extreme and unavoidable cases .
For all of the lamentable inadequacy of the Security Council 's response to the situation in Syria , no one has seriously argued that it is not an RtoP case .
Or will it settle for nuclear capability , able to make weapons but choosing not to ?
In fact , there is good reason to believe that the situation is less alarming and more containable than this .
While a negotiated settlement acceptable to both Iran and the rest of the international community would be a hugely difficult undertaking , it is achievable .
Financial sanctions , direct and indirect , already are biting -- including on the Revolutionary Guard and its significant economic interests -- but have been tolerable in the context of asserting Iran 's `` right to enrich '' under the NPT .
Once in obvious breach of the NPT , universal participation in a much tougher sanctions regime is seen in Iran as inevitable .
But there is also a clear view that Arab-Persian , Sunni-Shia , or more straightforward regional power anxieties would make a nuclear-arms race inevitable .
A bigger bloodbath seems inescapable if he does not step down .
A no-fly zone will be easier to contemplate as the last vulnerable expatriates leave the country , and planning for its application should be rapidly advanced .
It also follows from these legal and moral first principles that once there are reasonable grounds for confidence that the threat to civilian populations has been removed or neutralized -LRB- as seems now to be largely the case , at least in the east -RRB- , military action should cease .
Democracy promotion by the United States and the European Union generates ridicule when it extends only to elections producing winners found palatable , as Gaza 's vote for Hamas in 2006 did not .
The current situations in Bahrain , Yemen , and Syria are on the cusp : ugly , but smaller in scale and perhaps retrievable by pressure short of military action -LRB- of which the US and its allies could usefully apply much more -RRB- .
Those of us who see the potential for far more harm than good in the WikiLeaks disclosures , and refuse to join in the cheers for Assange and his colleagues , are probably trying to resist an inexorable tide .
The notorious `` White Australia '' immigration policy was abandoned in the late 1960 's , robust anti-discrimination legislation was enacted in the 1970 's , and innumerable efforts were made to remedy through land rights and social-justice programs the injustices experienced over many decades by indigenous Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people .
Casual racism -- disparaging remarks made about other ethnic and national groups around the workplace , or over the bar or the family dinner table -LRB- as I can well remember growing up in the 1950 's -RRB- -- had become much less prevalent in Australian private life , and certainly wholly absent from public life , by the 1990 's .
The code has been overwhelmingly successful in ridding Australian football of the on-field racism that made life miserable for most indigenous players , with the number of indigenous players at the elite level more than doubling over the last decade .
For example , Australia 's reforms are reflected in the anti-racism policies adopted in the last decade by the international football governing bodies , FIFA and UEFA -LRB- though in many cases the translation of policy into effective , enforceable action at the national level has left much to be desired -RRB- .
For a long time , however , there has been doubt in Australia about how much real across-the-board commitment there was to the underlying message that racial vilification anywhere , anytime , by anyone , in any context , is simply unacceptable .
There was considerable sentimental attachment toward Aboriginal sportsmen and women , and indeed toward Australia 's indigenous people generally -- apparent in the outpouring of emotion , remarked worldwide , that accompanied Prime Minister Kevin Rudd 's moving `` Apology to the Stolen Generation '' in 2008 .
British EMU membership remains very desirable .
The euro zone should therefore offer the UK an honorable compromise in which Britain would be allowed to become a full member of the EMU and take a seat in all of its institutions like the European Central Bank and the ministerial Eurogroup , while also being able to keep the pound in its relations with third countries .
Economic and social reform policies throughout Europe would be strengthened if the EU authorities were able to coordinate them , and EU enlargement , together with the further development of its internal market of almost half a billion consumers , could powerfully stimulate economic activity .
Thirty years of stable growth without serious crises have made people less aware of the negative consequences of overheating and bubbles .
There are also several special factors that may make China vulnerable to bubbles .
The consequences of burst bubbles in Japan in the 1980 's and in the United States last year are powerful reasons why China 's government has acted with such determination , while the legacy of a functioning centralized system may explain why it has proven capable of doing so decisively .
No one has proven able to eliminate bubbles in economies where markets are allowed to function .
Someone needs to take responsibility , and , as US politicians do n't want to blame themselves , the best available scapegoat is China 's exchange rate , which has not appreciated against the US dollar in the past 18 months .
If the adjustment came abruptly , Chinese companies would suffer a sudden loss of competitiveness and no longer be able to export .
Perhaps . But we need to remind ourselves that housing investment accounts for about 30 % of China 's total fixed investment , with much of the rest directed toward infrastructure -- that is , long-term , durable public infrastructure investments -- including subways , railways , highways , urban public facilities , and the national water system .
Lower asset prices may slow total investment growth and GDP , but if the slowdown is -LRB- supposedly -RRB- from 11 % to 9 % , China will avoid economic over-heating yet still enjoy sustainable high growth .
BEIJING -- China 's national savings rate has been very high in recent years , amounting to 52 % of GDP in 2008 -LRB- the most recent year for which statistics are available -RRB- , and is often blamed for today 's global imbalances .
Moreover , investment in public infrastructure and urban facilities will not create industrial `` over-capacity '' ; instead , it will provide long-term public consumption durables that households and companies will use for years to come .
China must recognize that high savings will not provide stable growth over the long run .
High domestic investment may for the time being prevent `` surplus savings '' from creating too much upward pressure on the external balance , but , given trends in China 's terms of trade , growth without an increase in domestic consumption is unsustainable over the long run .
Such investments may not be as profitable as in other regions , but they should be regarded as public goods intended to equalize conditions for growth .
But I believe that other factors are also essential One-factor mobility may work well in a theoretical model , but in the dynamic real world , if the income gap can not be narrowed rapidly enough , conditions that serve to enlarge the gap -- such as unfavorable geography -- may come to dominate .
BEIJING -- A major new target in the `` Five-Year Plan for Economic and Social Development '' that China just unveiled is to boost the growth rate for household -LRB- disposable -RRB- income so that it equals the growth rate of the country 's GDP .
Geographical differences and government social policies that have been more favorable to urban and industrial sectors may be also be to blame .
In such circumstances , the old adage that the best social-welfare program is economic growth is all the more applicable .
It is understandable that the Fed wants to boost demand as long as the US economy remains depressed .
First , unlike in some other countries , Chinese commercial banks are paid reasonable interest rates on required reserves , except for the `` extra reserves '' that they hold .
And now , with the Fed 's QE2 on the table , conditions may worsen before they improve .
The PBC may have to continue its sterilization for some time in the foreseeable future .
Given that the share of city dwellers was only 18 % just 30 years ago , this is remarkable progress .
Migrant workers still feel unable truly to integrate into cities , because their social safety net remains anchored to their rural origins .
Given these circumstances , and that Chinese are highly mobile , the country 's urbanization is far from stable .
Making public services like education and the formal social safety net available to rural immigrants , even at a lower level due to limited public resources , is the key to success here .
China 's new five-year plan for economic and social development , to be implemented starting in 2011 , may address the issue in a meaningful way , by aiming for the establishment of a national , universal , and portable social-security system .
That may not be achievable overnight .
But that remains a long-term strategic goal , not the stuff of presidential campaigns , especially when China seems too weak to pose any immediate threat to the US on any front in the foreseeable future .
By 1950 , China 's share of world GDP had fallen to under 5 % , while all of Asia accounted for just 18 % , the biggest chunk of which was attributable to Japan , despite its defeat in WWII .
The international community must be guided in their actions by a common conviction that violence is never a viable solution .
Hezbollah , which claims it is fighting for Lebanese independence and sovereignty , also bears responsibility for unacceptable aggression , placing the lives of innocent Israelis and Lebanese at stake .
A military solution is not viable .
Unless leading actors have ownership of local solutions , peace will never be sustainable .
Given that oil is a non-renewable resource , in a sense the world is always running out of it .
For it to be useful , believers in scarce oil must be able to predict such things as the timing of the oil peak , the state of demand when oil production reaches it , and the pattern of decline .
Resources are the available volumes of hydrocarbon without reference to constraints as to their accessibility and\/or cost .
Reserves are defined as the quantities of petroleum that are expected to be commercially recoverable from known fields .
It is also a non-static concept , as estimates of reserves will generally be revised upwards or downwards as additional geologic or engineering data become available , as technology improves , and\/or as economic conditions -LRB- such as oil prices and production costs -RRB- change .
But , in the long term , the challenge is how to make the transition to a new and sustainable energy path , and to evaluate the political , economic , social and climate costs associated with this transition .
Programs such as the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief , the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis , and Malaria , and philanthropies like the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the Clinton Foundation have helped make drugs available to treat 2 million people infected with HIV in lower - and middle-income countries .
With 4.3 million new HIV infections each year throughout the world , we face an untenable situation , as new HIV infections far outstrip our ability to treat all those infected .
We found that populations with at least 10 % MDR-TB showed a notable reduction in successful outcomes .
The Coming Global Energy Revolution PARIS -- Humanity 's future , to say nothing of its prosperity , will depend on how the world tackles two central energy challenges : securing reliable supplies of affordable energy , and switching to efficient low-carbon energy .
Yet greater short-term insecurity seems inevitable as geographic diversity of supply is reduced and reliance on vulnerable supply routes grows .
Renewable energy will have a major role to play .
Global renewables-based electricity generation -LRB- mainly hydro and wind , but also solar and biomass -RRB- is set to double between 2006 and 2030 .
In the 450 scenario , renewables comprise 30 % of the EU power-generation mix in 2030 , up sharply from 10 % today .
It is easy to imagine disasters so severe that drastic action to prevent them would be reasonable , and advocates of drastic action can easily scare the public with imagined disasters .
It appears to be a statement of the obvious : unacceptable disasters require extraordinary counter-measures .
All these disasters -- and many others still to be imagined -- are possible , and many of them are unacceptable .
It sometimes happens that a drastic action designed to prevent an unacceptable disaster may make the disaster worse .
Water and arable land are in short supply .
And yet , while we hear talk of a second Green Revolution , expanding the food supply today in the poorest , most crowded , and insecure nations is a formidable task .
Where land is not yet limited , small-scale organic farming is an affordable luxury .
The amount of arable land on the planet has not changed substantially in more than half a century .
Now , as we begin to confront the inevitable exhaustion of fossil fuel supplies , we are asking agriculture to satisfy some of our energy appetite , as well .
Developing an environmentally friendly agriculture for a hot and crowded planet will require the most advanced agricultural methods available , including GM techniques .
A first-use of nuclear weapons by the US should be unthinkable , and responding to a non-nuclear attack with nuclear weapons violates a central tenet of just war and US military tradition .
That means that the dollar must fall substantially further to shrink the trade deficit to a sustainable level .
That predictable dollar decline makes the relative return on holding dollar bonds even lower than the interest-rate differential alone implies .
That uniform individual cost incentive allows total CO2 to be reduced at a lower total cost than would be achieved by a variety of administrative requirements , such as automobile mileage standards , production technology standards -LRB- e.g. , minimum renewable fuel inputs in electricity generation -RRB- , etc. .
In a cap-and-trade system , the government sets total allowable national emissions of CO2 per year and requires any firm that causes CO2 emissions to have a permit per ton of CO2 emitted .
As a result , most working individuals reduced the amount that they saved for their retirement , and retirees were able to increase their spending .
Dramatically lower share prices and a 35 % fall in home prices reduced household wealth by $ 14 trillion , a loss equal to 140 % of annual disposable income .
If that high level of government borrowing occurs , it will absorb all of the available household savings even at the current elevated level .
For individuals with high monthly mortgage payments relative to their disposable income , the US government will share with the creditor bank the cost of reducing the monthly payment to 31 % of disposable income .
Although the Federal Reserve is technically independent and not accountable to the President , it is a creation of the US Congress and accountable to it .
Such large fiscal deficits would mean that the government must borrow funds that would otherwise be available for private businesses to finance investment in productivity-enhancing plant and equipment .
Private health insurance is generally provided by employers , which is encouraged by treating employer payments for health insurance as a tax-deductible business expense while not including the value of that insurance as taxable income to employees .
According to the OECD , US multifactor productivity rose at a relatively stable annual rate of about 0.75 % from 1985 to 2000 , and then jumped to 1.4 % per year from 2001 through 2008 .
If the trade deficit is reduced by 3 % of GDP between now and the end of the decade , the implied rise in exports and decline in imports would reduce output available for US consumption and investment by about 0.3 % per year .
These two international effects would leave annual net growth of real goods and services available for US consumption and investment -- both domestically produced and imported -- at just 1.9 % , implying no change compared to the past decade .
As a result , the rise in the real value of goods and services available for US consumption and investment was the same as the rise of real GDP .
This is , of course , a formidable task that may have to be accomplished at a time when Congress opposes monetary tightening .
The flow of net export earnings from the oil producers and others into euros will push up the value of the euro and enable the transfer of funds to occur .
There simply is no way around the arithmetic implied by the scale of deficit reduction and the accompanying economic decline : Greece 's default on its debt is inevitable .
Greece might have been able to avoid that outcome if it were not in the eurozone .
Why , then , is the United States able to operate with a single currency , despite major differences among its 50 states ?
For example , a tax subsidy for car purchases caused GDP to rise in the third quarter of 2009 , with more than two-thirds of the increase attributable to motor-vehicle production .
That fall in wealth means that households must save more to prepare for retirement , and that retirees are not able to dissave as much as they did before .
Households ' need to rebuild wealth , and the lack of access to credit , implies that the saving rate could continue to rise from the 6.4 % recorded in June -LRB- the most recent month for which data are available -RRB- to the 9 % rate that America averaged in the decades before 1985 .
And , while the law mandates the Fed to ensure sustainable growth as well as low inflation , monetary officials recognize that sustainable growth requires price stability .
The US dollar is and will remain these countries ' major investment currency , reflecting the depth of the US capital market and the relatively favorable outlook for US government policies .
The current policies and those proposed in the government 's recent budget would cause the national debt to rise rapidly , but those policies are not inevitable .
And if Japan 's domestic net saving surplus vanishes , the current $ 175 billion of capital outflow would no longer be available to other countries , while Japan might itself become a net drain on global savings .
The weaker dollar also reduces the risk of future dollar decline , because it means that the dollar has to fall less in the future to shift the trade balance to a sustainable level .
But what is that sustainable level of the trade balance and of the dollar ?
It is unthinkable that the global economic system will continue indefinitely to allow the US to import more goods and services than it exports .
The effect of quantitative easing on exchange rates between the dollar and the floating-rate currencies is a predictable result of the Fed 's plan to increase the supply of dollars .
Annual GDP rose by 3.2 % and growth of final sales jumped to a remarkable 7.1 % year-on-year rate .
Real personal consumer spending grew at a robust 4.4 % rate , as spending on consumer durables soared by 21 % .
That meant that the acceleration of growth in consumer spending accounted for nearly 100 % of the increase in GDP , with the rise in durable spending accounting for almost half of that increase .
The politicians prefer to postpone the inevitable by putting public money where private money will no longer go , because doing so allows creditors to maintain the fiction that the accounting value of the Greek bonds that they hold need not be reduced .
But , even though the additional loans that Greece will soon receive from the European Union and the IMF carry low interest rates , the level of Greek debt will rise rapidly to unsustainable levels .
In that case , Greece should be able to finance its future annual government deficits from domestic sources alone .
This favorable performance led private forecasters and government officials to predict continued strong growth in 2011 , with higher production , employment , and incomes leading to further increases in consumer spending and a self-sustaining recovery .
A one-year cut of the payroll tax rate by two percentage points was enacted in order to lock in this favorable outlook .
The bond market and share prices have responded to all of this bad news in a predictable fashion .
Although this is how governments calculate real exchange-rate changes , it no doubt overstates the relative change in the prices of the goods that Americans buy from China , because much of China 's inflation was caused by rising prices for housing , local vegetables , and other non-tradables .
As a result , the Chinese will be able to allow the renminbi to rise substantially against the dollar if they want to raise its overall global value in order to decrease China 's portfolio risk and rein in inflationary pressure .
The official national income accounting data for the second quarter are now available , and they show that the rebates did very little to stimulate spending .
That is an unenviable situation , to say the least , for any incoming president .
It has an unmanageable level of government debt -LRB- 150 % of GDP , rising this year by ten percentage points -RRB- , a collapsing economy -LRB- with GDP down by more than 7 % this year , pushing the unemployment rate up to 16 % -RRB- , a chronic balance-of-payments deficit -LRB- now at 8 % of GDP -RRB- , and insolvent banks that are rapidly losing deposits .
That 's why the interest rate on Greek three-year government debt recently soared past 100 % and the yield on ten-year bonds is 22 % , implying that a ¤ 100 principal payable in ten years is worth less than ¤ 14 today .
Why , then , are political leaders in France and Germany trying so hard to prevent -- or , more accurately , to postpone -- the inevitable ?
So European politicians hope that by showing that even Greece can avoid default , private markets will gain enough confidence in the viability of Italy and Spain to continue lending to their governments at reasonable rates and financing their banks .
By postponing a Greek default for two years , Europe 's politicians hope to give Spain and Italy time to prove that they are financially viable .
But the larger countries would be able to fund themselves at reasonable interest rates , and the current eurozone system could continue .
At that point , they will default . They would also be at least temporarily unable to borrow and would be strongly tempted to leave the single currency .
At that point , both Republicans and Democrats will be able to accept reforms that they must reject now .
Official analyses downplay the effect of lower marginal tax rates on taxable income , but experience shows that taxable income rises substantially as taxpayers respond to lower marginal rates by working more , taking more of their compensation in taxable cash than in fringe benefits , and reducing their tax-deductible consumption .
Reducing tax expenditures while lowering marginal tax rates can produce substantial revenue by increasing the level of taxable income .
Ten-year government bonds in Greece and Ireland , for example , now pay nearly a full percentage point above the rate on comparable German bonds , and Italy 's rate is almost as high .
Of course , some government spending is desirable or necessary .
The usual monetary-policy response of lowering interest rates is unable to reverse this sharp drop in demand .
The dysfunctional credit markets caused by the uncertain value of asset-backed securities means that banks and other financial institutions are unable to raise funds and are unwilling to lend .
The increase in leverage was driven in part by government policies aimed at expanding home ownership among lower-income groups that have proven unable to afford that life style .
The US Treasury Department wasted valuable time in 2008 by not using the funds provided by Congress to deal with those housing-market problems .
The public pension system is unreliable , there is little health insurance available to pay for the high cost of Western-style care , parents must pay tuition for their children 's schooling , there is little credit available for purchases of consumer durable , and buying an apartment requires a large down-payment .
I believe that the government will act on all of these reasons for high saving , making credit more widely available , introducing a health insurance system , and relaxing some of the down-payment requirements .
This is exacerbated by the fact that borrowers can deduct only nominal interest payments when calculating their taxable income .
He hoped that France could dominate the National Liberation Front -LRB- FLN -RRB- militarily , and was frustrated at the extremely messy political situation on the ground and the difficulty of persuading the settlers that maintaining the status quo was untenable .
Ancient Athens became a `` democracy '' -- literally , government by the people -- when Kleisthenes organized ordinary fisher folk and farmers into a mass rabble capable of defeating Sparta-backed oligarchs .
Medieval European cavalries later put political power into the hands of the wealthy , who could afford to support horses and their groomsmen , but the return of mass armies in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries often turned the tables .
Countercyclical spending and tax policy are widely acceptable to experts and taxpayers alike , but deficit spending on wars is known to be a paltry way to stimulate the economy .
We will not know for some time whether the US public debt is sustainable .
All of this looks like classic right-wing revanchism . But within , or alongside it , is a new kind of populism , unclassifiable in traditional terms .
Europe is in for a spell of designer demagogy that thrives in affluence or ennui . But it must be resisted , because domestic peace depends on mutual respect for cultural plurality , because Europe 's changing demographic profile demands more open borders , not a gated continent , and because the new right 's inherent chauvinism is irreconcilable with the EU 's survival and success .
The war on drugs has enabled drug cartels to reap higher profits than ever and transform entire communities in Latin America into fiefdoms .
Switzerland 's pragmatic approach to drug abuse has nonetheless yielded significant lessons that are applicable to the US , Russia , and the many other drug - and HIV\/AIDS-ravaged countries over which they wield significant influence .
We have also re-launched settlement talks concerning the breakaway region of Transdniestria , where the only viable basis for a solution is to make Moldova ever more economically and politically attractive to the region 's residents .
There can no longer be any reasonable doubt that Iran 's ambition is to obtain nuclear weapons capability .
But such an initiative can succeed only if the American administration assumes leadership among the Western nations and sits down at the negotiating table with Iran .
Ahtisaari 's bold proposal , which recommends Kosovo 's independence with initial supervision by a strong international civilian and military presence , is the only viable option for the international community , and for Europe in particular .
Reintegrating Kosovo into Serbia is not tenable .
Indeed , Serbia has no viable strategy for integrating Kosovo 's two million people into Serbian political institutions and public life .
The UN simply can not solve Kosovo 's structural problems , namely the need to develop a viable economy and to begin engagement with the EU -- the most powerful motor for reform and economic development in the region .
A strong and stable Kosovo will require a cohesive and united Europe .
Roughly a third of Darfur 's population has been forced from their homes and are now in displaced persons camps inside Sudan , where they remain subject to the Janjaweed terror , or in equally vulnerable refugee settlements in Chad .
The heart of the matter is this : the Sudanese government is either unable or unwilling to protect its own citizens from mass violence .
The enlarged Union , inevitable when Europe 's Cold War division ended in 1989 , needed new institutions to act efficiently and with transparency .
The following consequences are already foreseeable :
Second , Franco-German cooperation has shown itself all the more indispensable in the enlarged Union .
Only if Russia succeeds in productively reinvesting the gains from its petro-economy will it achieve sustainable modernization .
Moreover , Russia needs a system of checks and balances compatible with its own culture and tradition , because this , together with the rule of law , is an indispensable precondition of a functioning democracy .
Finally , Russia will need to build a functioning party system , capable of sustaining Russian democracy .
So , for the foreseeable future , the West will have to deal with a Russia that yearns for its lost imperial power and shapes its foreign policy to this end .
The only way out of this dilemma is to set a reachable and realistic goal .
Instead of victory , the goal must be a minimum of stability -- and this still seems achievable .
What this requires is a sustainable consensus that includes all the parties involved .
It is hard to understand why the US does so little to advance the goal of regional stabilization , especially since it still retains considerable leverage in this respect .
But it would be a decisive first step toward changing the regional balance of power that would enable the stabilization of Iraq and the region as a whole .
Only this can make a withdrawal of US troops from Iraq realistic in the foreseeable future .
From a model applicable to the minority of the world 's population , `` Western consumer society '' is becoming the dominant economic model of the world , one to which there is increasingly no alternative .
These undesirable consequences of the expansion of world markets have assumed alarming proportions within a relatively short period of time .
Will the global ecosystem be able to absorb these additional pollutants without considerable changes in the ecosphere ?
Indeed , it remains to be seen if the European Union will even be able to implement its promise to cut CO2 emissions by 20-30 % by 2020 .
Human population has simply become too large to be able to afford it .
Finally , it requires a technological and politico-economic breakthrough in favor of renewable energy , rather than a return to nuclear power or coal .
Acceptable compromises on all of these questions have been negotiated repeatedly by the parties and stowed away for many years .
Yet a mechanism of this kind can only work if a third party -LRB- the US , the `` US plus , '' or the Middle East Quartet -RRB- is available to monitor the agreement .
Why should this conflict , which has proven to be unsolvable in the past , be suddenly solved -LRB- or brought closer to a solution -RRB- by three actors -- Bush , Olmert , and Abbas -- who are all in a state of profound domestic weakness ?
As long as America remains the sole world power , the next US President will be neither able nor willing to change the basic framework of America 's foreign policy .
This modern , progressive , and peaceful model is unique and superior to all other currently available approaches to the fundamental questions of political order .
Modernization à la Carte ? BERLIN &#45; &#45; Two centuries ago the American and French Revolutions brought forth the natural law concept of inalienable human rights .
In particular , China 's breathtaking economic success seems to point to the existence of viable authoritarian alternatives to the Western idea that freedom , democracy , the rule of law , and the market economy are bound together .
Indeed , while the greatest threats to peace once came from power politics and economic rivalry , they now increasingly derive from the regional and global repercussions of the political and social disintegration of stable countries , a decline of their normative and institutional systems , and new totalitarian ideologies .
But such policies will be less and less able to guarantee peace and stability in the future .
To be sure , in the 1990 's the US and Russia reduced their nuclear arsenals from 65,000 to approximately 26,000 weapons . But this number is still almost unimaginable and beyond any rational level needed for deterrence .
Nearly equally worrisome is the nuclear redefinition of state sovereignty because it will not only lead to a large number of small , politically unstable nuclear powers , but will also increase the risk of proliferation into the hands of terrorists .
The NPT remains indispensable and needs urgent revision .
The essential defect of the NPT is now visible in the nuclear dispute between Iran and the United Nations Security Council : the Treaty permits the development of all nuclear components indispensable for military use -- particularly uranium enrichment -- so long as there is no outright nuclear weapons program .
The end of the Soviet Union also triggered a profound military crisis in many Arab states : without Soviet support as an external guarantor of their military capabilities , the nationalist regimes were no longer able to keep pace with military modernization .
· The outgoing commander of the Israeli air force declared that the air force was capable of any mission , no matter how difficult , to protect the country 's security .
The most recent offer by the six powers -- the UN Security Council 's five permanent members plus Germany -- is on the table , and it goes very far to accommodate Iran 's interests .
But a proactive , strong Europe capable of determining its own fate will not be in the cards for quite some time .
When respectable British media such as Financial Times warn against a renewed European psychodrama and instead call for working toward a `` Europe of results , '' this should be regarded rather as a bad joke than a serious alternative .
After 1989 , history has made EU enlargement indispensable , but , without institutional reform , a Europe of 27 member states will inevitably deliver ever worse -- and , to its citizens , increasingly disappointing -- results .
Iranian spokesmen also indicate that there is an official awareness of Israel 's importance for a comprehensive regional solution , and that doing business with Israel is no longer inconceivable .
Given the public contradictions in the Iranian leadership 's behavior , is there a reliable Iranian position , and , if so , who represents it ?
Moreover , Russia 's strength is in no way comparable to that of the former Soviet Union .
But it will not be able to seriously challenge the United States -- or looking towards the future , China -- in ways that the Soviet Union once did .
However , this impression -- correct where the past is concerned -- might prove deceptive in the future , because two global megatrends will subject the region to more profound change than all the many previous political crises and wars were able to bring about .
The inherent contradiction between a governance structure incapable of change and economic modernization , between cultural and religious conservatism and social and normative transformation , will therefore increase and bring about new , additional frictions if positive answers to these fundamental changes can not be found .
A sustainable answer to questions of such vital importance to the Middle East only makes sense if it is regional in character .
And the same applies to the increasing demand for energy : although the region as a whole is rich in energy resources , their uneven geographical distribution suggests that any viable solution must be built on cooperation .
Faced with the gravest financial and economic crisis worldwide since the 1930 's , the Western industrial nations -LRB- including Russia -RRB- that previously dominated the world economy are no longer capable of coming up with an effective response .
For the foreseeable future , the greatest opportunities for growth lie in this region , and for both economic and geopolitical reasons America will increasingly turn toward the Pacific region , thus downgrading its transatlantic orientation .
Putin 's claim to great-power status and his great-power policies are structurally very vulnerable .
But Putin is making a big mistake here , because all these aims are unacceptable for the West , and the Kremlin still does n't seem to understand that the best and most effective guarantee of NATO 's existence was , is , and will continue to be an aggressive Russian foreign policy .
NATO must play the central role here , because it is indispensable for the vast majority of Europeans and for America .
So , assuming that it intensifies further , Europe will rapidly face a grim alternative : either the richer and more stable economies in the North -- first and foremost Europe 's largest economy , Germany -- will use their greater financial resources to help the weaker euro-zone economies , or the euro will be endangered , and with it the whole project of European integration .
Why not , then , quickly introduce new instruments such as Eurobonds , or create an EU mechanism comparable to the IMF ?
The outcome of that election is increasingly uncertain , and Merkel is now in a very uncomfortable position , which could grow into a real predicament .
The world will have changed once the global economic crisis is over , and the Europeans will not be able to complain about it then .
Although the generations alive today have witnessed two completely unexpected crises of epic proportions within the last 20 years , we indulge in a shocking collective repression of a climate disaster with far more serious -- and foreseeable -- consequences .
The solutions to the climate crisis are already well known , the money is available , and so are the technologies , or where they are n't , they could be developed .
The question of whether to use coal or nuclear power is simply no longer apposite : without a breakthrough in renewable energies , global energy demand can not be met , not to mention the dangers of a new Chernobyl .
Add to this the palpable tensions in Franco-German relations , the blocking of a common EU gas market , close strategic cooperation with Vladimir Putin 's Russia , etc. , and the worries about Germany multiply .
In the case of violent suppression , the West will find it a lot harder to hold talks with Iran over its nuclear program , because the regime will be able to rely for its survival solely on isolation and confrontation with the outside world .
If Ahmadinejad prevails , the dilemma for the West will be that it will have to deal with a regime discredited by election fraud , but still indispensable for resolving almost all of the Middle East 's important problems : Iran 's own nuclear program and the conflicts in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Iraq , Lebanon , and Palestine .
Thirty years later , Obama 's offer would enable Iran not just to consolidate its independence through reconciliation with the United States , but also to live up to its increased significance within the region and in world politics .
But these countries are unable to develop independently and lack a global power alternative .
Indeed , Iran is getting very close to the red line of being able to produce nuclear weapons .
To be sure , fortune and success are inseparable in politics .
At the same time , by moving to the left , Merkel ousted the SPD from the political center -- where elections are won and lost in Germany -- while still being able to form a workable majority in the new five-party system without risking new coalition constellations and fierce internal conflict .
Moreover , with the grand coalition gone , she will no longer be able to blame SDP 's obstructionism for her inaction .
If this situation prevails beyond 2013 , the SPD will face an unenviable challenge .
Only rarely is it capable of irony .
In Germany , which largely owes its reunification to its firm roots in the EU and NATO , Europe-weariness is palpable .
Life expectancy continues to decline ; investment in infrastructure , research , and education are stunted ; the economy is barely able to compete internationally ; and the social divide between poor and rich is deepening .
Economically , Russia has turned into a commodity exporter , dependant on the imponderables of the global energy market , while simultaneously dreaming that it can use energy as a tool to revise the post-Soviet order in its neighborhood .
Russia 's desire to reclaim its role as a powerful global player is understandable and legitimate .
Ireland was able to resolve its problems by itself , through a restructuring policy that was painful yet unflinching .
But , given a global economic environment that promises scant sustainable growth in the coming years , things could otherwise get very tough very soon .
Moreover , new instruments like Eurobonds will have to be made available in order to reduce the affected euro-zone countries ' interest burden , provided that they have taken serious steps -- subject to effective control mechanisms -- toward credible restructuring .
The current crisis has , however , also shown that the Council of Finance Ministers -LRB- Ecofin -RRB- is unable to assert such control over EU member states ' fiscal policies .
Only courageous thinking and action will enable them to steer clear of the rocks .
Indeed , in the wake of the Greek crisis , Merkel spoke publicly of the need to be able to exclude eurozone members that do not play by the rules .
The exclusion of members who violate the Maastricht Treaty is off the table .
You could disregard all this as typical exaggeration if German domestic reaction did not demonstrate a clearly identifiable trend , namely Germany 's withdrawal as a motor of European integration as it increasingly pursues its more narrowly defined national interests .
The consequences of Germany 's renunciation of that role are predictable : the EU will regress from a union of states moving towards ever closer integration to a weak confederation dominated by conflicting national interests .
Safeguarding Europe 's interests today means establishing a strong link -- indeed an unbreakable bond -- with Turkey as a cornerstone of regional security .
A success for American policy in this region holds very limited interest in Beijing and New Delhi , and Europe is neither willing nor able to contribute substantial support .
In any case , he deserves every conceivable support .
But , given European governments ' behavior , the urgent question presents itself : Do these governments have any inkling of what is at stake at the table where they sit playing roulette with history ?
Worse still , while Europe 's listlessness is visible first and foremost in the case of Turkey and the Middle East , this lamentable state of affairs is not limited to that region .
Sooner or later , though , China 's government will come to realize that America 's role as a global regulator is indispensible for China 's vital foreign-policy interests , because China is unable to assume that role , other global players are n't available , and the only alternative to the US would be a breakdown of order .
Rising tensions within the EU have been the inevitable result .
It is , after all , unrealistic to assume that all members can profit to the same extent from this hard-line approach ; that is not achievable even among the 16 federal German states .
This could happen because , in the long run , the EU wo n't be able to withstand its conflicts of interest and the resulting process of `` renationalization '' in all member states without suffering grave damage .
Given their economic and political clout , Germany and France are the respective leaders of the eurozone 's northern and southern parts . Both could therefore sponsor the indispensable compromise between the eurozone 's stronger and weaker countries .
The political risk for both of them will be anything but small , but the alternative -- the failure of the euro -- is unacceptable for both countries .
If so , a way out of the seemingly irresolvable conflict between Israeli security and Palestinian statehood would open .
Projects for strategic cooperation in energy -- say , production of solar and wind energy in the Sahara for sale to Europe -- would be especially valuable .
There is now justifiable outrage , and a call for sanctions is heard everywhere .
If the boundaries between nuclear haves and have-nots becomes more permeable , or even dissolves altogether , the entire multilateral security system could be called into question .
Indeed , such a step will only push the Middle East into an explosive mega-conflict with unpredictable and uncontrollable consequences .
Whether the Arab and wider Islamic world 's democratic awakening will actually prevail or produce only change at the top of authoritarian regimes , whether it will lead to a stable order or sustained chaos and radicalization , still remains unclear .
Moreover , the situation was exacerbated by the incompetence of the region 's authoritarian regimes , which have been unable to provide their young people with any prospects beyond repression .
Moreover , the alternatives to nuclear energy -- and to fossil fuels -- are well known and technically much more advanced and sustainable .
By contrast , the twenty-first century will be informed by the realization that the global ecosystem and its resources , which are indispensable for human survival , are finite , and that this implies an enduring responsibility to preserve what we have .
The energy future of nine billion people , which is what the world population will be in the middle of the century , lies neither in fossil fuels nor in nuclear energy , but in renewable energy sources and dramatic improvements in energy efficiency .
The nuclearization of these not-always-stable states threatens to make the regional conflicts of the twenty-first century much more dangerous , and will also substantially increase the risk that nuclear weapons eventually end up in the hands of terrorists .
It was Japan , the high-tech country par excellence -LRB- not the latter-day Soviet Union -RRB- that proved unable to take adequate precautions to avert disaster in four reactor blocks .
Everyone knows that Greece will be unable to work its way out of crisis without massive debt relief .
Refusing to pay is not a viable option , because Germany and all other eurozone members are in the same boat .
The European financial crisis is really a political crisis , because EU leaders are unable to decide on the necessary measures .
Had the European Council 's heads of state and government taken this foreseeable decision a year ago , the euro crisis would not have escalated to the extent that it has , the total bill would have been lower , and European leaders would have been rightly praised for a historic feat .
If the euro is to survive , genuine integration , with further transfers of sovereignty to the European level , will be unavoidable .
This is good , because only then will a reliable democratic consensus on Europe 's future be reached .
BERLIN -- Regardless of whether democratization in the `` new Middle East '' succeeds or authoritarian forms of government prevail once again , one fundamental change has already become clear : no one will be able to govern without taking into account domestic public opinion .
Despite wars in Lebanon and Gaza , and the intifadas in the occupied West Bank , these parameters have proven surprisingly stable for decades , anchored by the peace agreements with Egypt and Jordan and the Oslo accords with the Palestinians .
A viable Israeli answer to the dramatic changes in the region -- and to their already foreseeable consequences -- can only take the form of a serious offer of negotiations to Mahmoud Abbas 's Palestinian government , with the objective of signing a comprehensive peace treaty .
Will Abbas be able to keep the Palestinians on a diplomatic path , or will the situation degenerate again into violence and another disaster ?
Unable to respond decisively to a crisis , the eurozone is losing the confidence that is any currency 's most important asset .
Like it or not , the eurozone will have to act as the EU 's avant-garde , because the EU as a whole , with its 27 member states , will be neither willing nor able to accelerate political unification .
This means that a `` European Chamber , '' comprising national parliaments ' leaders , is indispensable .
The second scenario -- which was foreseeable from the outset -- has now become a reality .
Their result in fact set a timetable for the `` Iraqisation '' and US withdrawal -- before the next presidential election .
Behind the all-too-foreseeable end of the American stabilizing mission lurks a civil war in Iraq , which threatens to turn into an Arab-Iranian proxy war for dominance in Iraq , the Gulf , Lebanon , the Palestinian territories , and beyond .
Only America was -LRB- and potentially still is -RRB- able to fuse realism and idealism , self-interest and ethics , in its foreign policy .
They mark the moments in history when America 's power was used to further a global order , while also pursuing America 's own interests in the most effective and sustainable manner .
Madeleine Albright once called the US the `` indispensable nation . ''
The debacle in Iraq was foreseeable from the beginning , and America 's numerous partners and friends predicted it quite clearly in their warnings to the Bush administration .
The mistake that the US may be about to make is equally predictable : a war that is wrong will not be made right by extending it -- that is the lesson of Vietnam , Laos , and Cambodia .
VIENNA -- Of the world 's almost seven billion people , about one billion are starving , owing to a long list of unfortunate local events and circumstances , together with steadily increasing demand , unpredictable weather patterns , and poor financial management .
So we need sustainable agriculture-led growth to increase supplies and keep prices affordable while also boosting the incomes of poor farmers in developing countries .
As part of an FAO project in Burkina Faso , the EU 's Food Facility has helped to provide high-quality seeds to 100,000 vulnerable farmers , benefiting roughly 700,000 people amid the growing food crisis in the Sahel region .
Better , environmentally sustainable livestock production systems need to be developed , and we must boost investment in capacity-building , services training , market access , and efforts to strengthen supply chains .
Indeed , by promoting agricultural practices and technologies that are environmentally sustainable and raise rural incomes , these policies also stimulate rural non-farm activities .
Unless we begin to do so , succeeding generations will fail to realize an environmentally sustainable world where people live in dignity .
Any meaningful Arab-Israeli peace depends on Israel 's return of Palestinian territories , with certain conditions , but no Israeli government will be willing or even able to do so unless the political calculus inside Israel changes .
Making withdrawal a tolerable political option -LRB- or making occupation a more costly one -RRB- is needed to trigger a meaningful peace process .
IDF officials argue that some level of human rights violation is inevitable during occupation , and that the IDF 's record is not much worse than any other occupation army .
As the financial crisis has shown , it is also the process that enables us to increase our understanding and ultimately to envisage a new world .
Acknowledging that rating agencies were incompetent without doing anything to regulate them was inexcusable .
Indeed , we should remember that economic growth was sustainable only in countries with highly developed social welfare systems , like France .
He had extremely valuable intellectual conversations with Rawls , prompting him to write several essays on the theory of economic justice and publish a book on the subject in 1974 -- a book still used today .
Phelps was also responsible for the `` island parable , '' which helped explain why monetary policy can have temporary real effects as a result of imperfect information .
Nevertheless , precisely because they care about the future of their numerous children , the French are much more amenable to some wise reforms than most commentators -LRB- and politicians -RRB- generally assume .
According to Sen , this is regrettable because it leads to people giving one of their identities -- religious , say , or cultural -- priority over all others at a time when it is essential that children broaden their intellectual horizons .
As a result , the inevitable European rate cut , when it comes , will probably not have the stabilizing effect that it should .
When capital markets smelled a problem among ERM members , they invariably shorted the most vulnerable currency and pushed that country 's authorities to devalue .
Many legal systems now take the position that , with regard to property offenses at least , the victim must be willing to surrender his property when the only available option is to kill the thief .
It would not be acceptable to argue that to bomb a city on the mainland was necessary in order to compel the Argentine population to put pressure on the military junta to withdraw from the islands .
Domestic police may be able to intervene to prevent crime before it occurs , but in the international arena there is no police force that can do that .
But claims of `` self-defense '' also find less reputable invocations .
But there is no comparable evidence of Iraqi aggressive behavior against US territory .
Then we can define terrorism with reference to all these variables , but without making any one of them decisive .
Complex definitions with built-in exceptions may make lawyers uncomfortable , but in the real world , they are perhaps the best we can devise .
The Solid but Regrettable Argument for Israel 's Security Fence
The Solid but Regrettable Argument for Israel 's Security Fence
So if the settlers have a right to self-defense , is the fence an acceptable means of realizing that right ?
The legal case for the fence is solid but regrettable .
But Iraq has already degenerated into so many rival factions that apart from the abused prisoners , there is no identifiable entity America has wronged and to whom it is indebted .
In such cases , there is a duty to guarantee that all sentences are passed `` by a regularly constituted court affording all the judicial guarantees which are recognized as indispensable by civilized peoples . ''
This admittedly has not been an explicit process , but the pattern is undeniable .
Although Hamdan recognizes the legitimacy of confining enemy combatants until the end of hostilities , doing so is untenable .
The uncomfortable answer that Obama is likely to confront is this : nobody .
Iran may be capable of producing sufficient nuclear material to make one or two bombs within the next couple of years , but such activities would inevitably come into the open , because Iran would either have to enrich the uranium under the eyes of IAEA inspectors or expel them , giving the game away .
But this objective was also unattainable under President Mohammad Khatami , Ahmadinejad 's reform-minded predecessor .
Iran could develop its civil nuclear program while remaining a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ; the IAEA would be able to fulfill its role as watchdog ; and perhaps confidence in Iranian intentions would slowly be restored .
But we do know that the alternatives -- increasing sanctions , military strikes , and perhaps war -- would have unforeseeable consequences .
This tendency at times of economic downturn suggests that SWFs are not the long-term , stable shareholders of foreign firms that they -LRB- and some commentators -RRB- claim themselves to be .
In case of a worldwide economic event , such as the recent crisis , this can mean pulling out of foreign markets when they are most vulnerable .
At the same time , the expected benefits of having SWFs as shareholders -- that is , of having a long , stable investor -- might simply be a mirage , which disappears precisely when that stability is most needed : during a global financial crisis .
After introducing a biological problem with 11 variables , I used a simple method called dimensional analysis to demonstrate that only three needed to be studied empirically ; the relations among the rest of the variables could be inferred logically .
Meanwhile , `` user-friendly '' computer programs enable biologists to build their own mathematical\/theoretical models .
The British physician Andrew Wakefield 's vaccine theory became wildly popular among parents , many of whom began to withhold vaccination -LRB- thus subjecting their own and other children to the risk of entirely preventable , and sometimes serious , illnesses -RRB- .
Symptoms had to begin before age three and comprised a striking and unmistakable combination of severe language deficits , inability to form social relationships , and a preoccupation with a very narrow set of stereotyped behaviors .
The most likely cause of the autism epidemic is that autism has become fashionable -- a popular fad diagnosis .
Once rare and unmistakable , the term is now used loosely to describe people who do not really satisfy the narrow criteria intended for it by DSM IV .
The challenge for South Korea stems from the inevitable tradeoff between legitimacy and workability .
The G-7 was small enough to be workable , but too small to claim legitimacy .
The United Nations is big enough to claim legitimacy , but too big to be workable .
But it is too big to be workable as a steering group .
CAMBRIDGE -- The prices of hydrocarbons , minerals , and agricultural commodities have been on a veritable roller coaster .
While commodity prices are always more variable than those for manufactured goods and services , commodity markets over the last five years have seen extraordinary , almost unprecedented , volatility .
Countries that specialize in the export of oil , copper , iron ore , wheat , coffee , or other commodities have been booming , but they are highly vulnerable .
Countries that have outstanding debt in dollars or other foreign currencies are especially vulnerable .
Investors would be able to buy Guatemala 's coffee bonds , Côte d'Ivoire 's cocoa bonds , Liberia 's rubber bonds , Mali 's cotton bonds , and Ghana 's gold bonds .
If the international financial wizards can get together and act on this idea now , commodity exporters might be able to avoid calamity the next time the world price of their product takes a plunge .
So you might think that US industries exposed to severe international price competition would deem the dollar 's strength undesirable .
But there is an iron clad requirement for coordination to be genuinely effective : both central banks must see prevailing exchange rates as being in conflict with their domestic policy objectives and share the view that intervention can have a sustainable impact on the exchange rate .
In the past , however , different central banks exhibited considerable differences in their intervention behavior .
Bush 's wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , and the manner in which he conducted the `` global war on terror '' made matters much worse , contributing to a totally unsustainable situation .
If Germany 's half-hearted efforts to stabilize Europe somehow turn out to be successful , America 's position will be further eroded , and central banks around the world will begin to regard the euro once again as a reliable alternative to the dollar as a reserve currency .
We need to enable countries like Egypt and Tunisia -- and possibly a peaceful Libya -- to strengthen their political stability through democratization .
This discovery was made recently because until now , the technology was not available to comprehensively assess genomic imbalances in a genome-wide fashion .
About three years ago at Brigham and Women 's Hospital , when we were seeking a potential tool for high-resolution diagnostics , array-CGH offered the hope of providing a reliable and efficient genome-wide test that could detect gains or losses in an unbiased and non-subjective fashion .
Indeed , Libya has also just strengthened its relations with the EU : Seif al-Islam Gaddafi , the son of Libya 's long-serving ruler , Muammar al-Gaddafi , recently declared that soon the two sides should be able to sign an Association agreement , giving Libyan goods access to European markets .
Harboring a grudge , one chemist rallied the Academy to block the committee 's recommendation for the Russian Dmitry Mendeleyev , who created the periodic table .
The world 's first university was Plato 's Academy in Athens , venerable old universities are scattered across Europe from Coimbra to Cambridge to Copenhagen , and the modern university , uniting research and education , was pioneered by Wilhelm von Humboldt in Berlin .
Just as in Europe , the industrial revolution in `` Chindia '' is also creating an ambitious new middle class that is willing and able to send its children to university .
We now aspire to becoming the most significant health and life science research center in Europe , owing to a remarkable cluster of knowledge based 5,000 researchers , an excellent medical school , 11 university hospitals , and a thriving biotech business environment that already includes market leaders in diabetes and neuroscience .
This enables us to identify the more important changes in sensation that are caused by external events and to distinguish them from sensations caused by our own actions .
They should , for example , be able to tickle themselves .
After all , comparable goods often sell internationally at very different prices .
It is clear from the last three decades of floating currencies that market-determined exchange rates tend to swing widely and persistently from parity levels that would make comparable goods sell at comparable prices in different countries .
They also ignore the importance for market outcomes of individual creativity and unforeseeable socio-political change .
Instead , the '' limit-the-swings '' strategy proposed here implies that , as the exchange rate moves further away from parity , central banks should use their reserves to intervene at unpredictable moments in order to reinforce the effect of their regular announcements of the parity range on traders ' perception of increased risk of capital losses .
Containing systemic risks , therefore , requires not just ensuring transparency and managing leverage in the system , but also recognizing that these risks vary along with asset values . If institutions that were heavily exposed had understood this , they would have raised their capital buffers during the run-up in housing and equity prices in order to protect themselves against the inevitable reversals .
But such revisions of Basel II are not enough , because bank portfolios -- especially those of international banks with large trading books -- are vulnerable to the risks stemming from long-swing fluctuations in asset markets .
Banks ' defenses need to be fortified during excessive upswings in asset prices so that they are able to weather the inevitable reversals .
IKE acknowledges that , within a reasonable range , the market does a far better -LRB- though not perfect -RRB- job in setting prices than regulators can .
History teaches that such swings are not sustainable , and that the more excessive they become , the sharper and more costly are the eventual reversals -- and the graver the consequences for the financial system and the economy .
Improving the ability of financial markets to self-correct to sustainable values is the entire point of prudential regulation .
Both Israel and the US are nostalgic for a twentieth-century world of nation-states , which is understandable , since that is the world to which the kind of conventional power they possess is best suited .
In Iraq alone , the administration misestimated the threat of WMD , failed to plan adequately for the occupation , and then proved unable to adjust quickly when things went wrong .
At the same time , it is unreasonable to expect the increasing number of academics on short-term contracts to defend the integrity of an institution that can not promise them job security .
With the establishment of each new on-line degree program and science park , universities appear more vulnerable to this mindset .
Corporate status enabled universities to raise their own institutionally earmarked funds , which were bestowed on individuals who were `` incorporated '' on a non-hereditary basis , through examination or election .
Thus , social scientists made the everyday lives of ordinary people respectable , while refusing to privilege certain animals over certain - typically disabled or unwanted - humans .
Credit is often given simply because someone has produced a creditable work .
Often , these entanglements are unavoidable , especially in the case of biomedical research .
This enabled Lomborg to appeal the verdict , successfully , claiming that the Committee had victimized him for political reasons , given his recent appointment as director of a major national institute for environmental research .
The large ornamental codices of the early Middle Ages gave way to portable `` handbooks '' designed for the lighter touch of a quill pen .
Such was the epistemic position of the Middle Ages , which presumed all humans to be mutually equal but subordinate to an inscrutable God .
Wikipedia embodies a democratic medievalism that does not respect claims to personal expertise in the absence of verifiable sources .
By submitting to a common regime of speaking , writing , reading , observing , and calculating , the `` upright ape '' acquired the capacity to reason in public . This enabled first him and then her to command authority regardless of birth , resulting in the forging of networks and even institutions whose benefits cut deeply across bloodlines .
WARWICK , UK -- Is academic freedom affordable in a time of economic crisis ?
This forces knowledge to be made more widely available , thereby breaking the effective monopoly that researchers and their funders would otherwise enjoy .
In the case of the university , this means allowing access to knowledge to students who lack the intellectual , political , or financial resources that might have enabled them to produce it for themselves .
In these ways , academics enable knowledge to do maximum work at minimal cost to its recipients .
And why , despite China 's rise , do its authorities seem increasingly unable to secure Chinese lives and commercial interests abroad ?
Similarly , the Chinese government 's later , and quite sudden , about-face in recognizing the rebel Transitional National Council as Libya 's government aroused considerable sneering at home .
After all , China spent valuable political capital to oppose NATO 's airstrikes at the beginning of the intervention , only to end up backing the forces that NATO helped bring to power .
Obviously , Myanmar 's new government does not want to aggravate sentiment in its already-unstable border areas , where rebel groups were using the dam project to rally new supporters .
In the twentieth century , Russia set an unquestionable record for all sorts of upheavals and social experiments that attracted the world 's attention .
All they need and care about is stable , predictable rules .
Russia can then forget about attaining the fast , sustainable growth that China has achieved .
MP 's would have read and analyzed it attentively , asked ministers many questions , and , if necessary , insisted on re-writing various tables presented in the draft .
If there is no independent press able to caution against mistakes and a parliament that can do the same , then the mistakes will eventually manifest themselves on the streets .
I think that when the authorities conceive such strategies , they assume that the outcome will be manageable .
The regime is now hunting down those who participated in the demonstrations and committing unspeakable acts of violence .
They may control the streets and monasteries , but they will never be able to control our hearts and our determination .
Cautious macroeconomic management during China 's boom , including early self-adjustment , put China in a favorable position .
Moreover , numerous local investment projects were stopped , while measures to slow the growth of net exports -- including a 20 % revaluation of the renminbi and a significant cut in tariff rebates for exports -- brought down annual export growth from around 30 % to a more reasonable 17 % in late 2007 .
But they should not refuse to acknowledge that China 's mission to turn a nation of 1.3 billion poor people into a developed country through peace and free trade is one of the great , honorable , and most difficult sagas in human history .
Ideally , drugs should have a favorable risk-benefit ratio .
New drugs are often tested against placebos or drugs that are not the best treatment available , the point being to demonstrate that the new drug is not inferior to any already on the market .
But it is ethically questionable to test a drug for `` non-inferiority , '' because patients are exposed to potential risks while contributing , in the best case , to the development of a drug that is no better than those already available .
It is unacceptable that patients participating voluntarily in clinical trials , and their representatives , have no right to see data that would not exist without them .
If public awareness of the current problems stimulates politicians to find a solution that works , better drugs and better drug use will be achievable .
This `` pink gold '' forms the heart of the Antarctic marine food web , and land-based krill predators , such as penguins and seals , are most vulnerable to krill scarcity .
The increased demand for krill , together with the new catching and processing capabilities , has combined in a way that the Antarctic ecosystem might not be able to withstand .
Instead , most now apply insecticides only when infestation exceeds some threshold level , with the goal of producing a sustainable and satisfactory crop .
In targeted therapies , in which drugs interfere with the molecular signaling needed for proliferation and survival , a cell might adapt by activating or following alternative pathways . All these strategies use up energy that would otherwise be available for invasion into non-cancerous tissues or proliferation , and so reduce a cell 's fitness .
So , just as judicious use of pesticides can control invasive species , a therapeutic strategy designed to maintain a stable , tolerable tumor volume could improve a patient 's prospects for survival by allowing sensitive cells to suppress the growth of resistant ones .
Yet when we treated the mice with a drug dose continuously adjusted to maintain a stable tumor volume , the animals , though not cured , survived for a prolonged period of time .
Designing therapies to sustain a stable tumor mass rather than eradicate all cancer cells will require a strategy that looks beyond the immediate cytotoxic effects of any one treatment .
Unable to conclude a global trade deal , climate-change agreement , growth pact , or changes in the financial regime , the world is likely to descend into a new protectionism of competitive devaluation , currency wars , trade restrictions , and capital controls .
But a global growth pact looks even more indispensable today , given the world economy 's structural problems and huge imbalances between production and consumption .
One model is the European Investment Bank , which , with ¤ 50 billion of capital , has been able to invest ¤ 400 billion .
The G-20 , which represents 80 % of world output , came into its own in 2009 as the only multilateral body able to coordinate global economic policy .
Today , there are roughly 700,000 Serb refugees in Serbia from Croatia and Bosnia who are unable or unwilling to return to their homes , including virtually all of Croatia 's Serbs , except those converted to Catholicism to become Croats .
As European economies grew more dependent on Russian oil and gas , and the US military in Central Asia on Russian acquiescence , reversing the decision to admit Russia to the G8 became politically unthinkable .
It heads the list on the spread of preventable diseases -- not only HIV , but tuberculosis , with 32,000 deaths last year alone -- and its education standards are in severe decline .
Indeed , the next government will need , above all , to kick-start the economy in a sustainable way to create a positive climate of job creation , which is the only lasting remedy for the poverty Chávez has sought to exploit .
The new government would be strongly committed to ending this unacceptable state of affairs .
Driven mainly by the almost insatiable appetites of China and India , a profound burst of growth has come to Latin America .
There is nothing comparable in EU integration , which seems far more like a deliberate choice by an imperial few .
Little more than a decade ago , people spoke of the end of history , of the final , unchallengeable triumph of free markets and democracy .
The return of governments based on the will of the majority of their citizens seemed for decades an unattainable dream in these countries , much as it remains a dream for the citizens of Burma under the rule of its military junta .
The only viable course , then , is to use today 's `` pause for reflection '' to revive the existing Constitutional Treaty . This would require prolonging the ratification deadline until 2008 .
Will a war against Iraq help the US in its fight against terrorists , or will it make Americans more vulnerable ?
American officials do not seem to recognize how difficult , costly , and prolonged the task of creating a peaceful order and a viable democracy in Iraq will be .
Frei 's lackluster numbers reflect his own weaknesses -LRB- he is notoriously uncharismatic and was the least popular of the four Concertación presidents -RRB- , as well as the inevitable stress that two decades of uninterrupted rule has placed on the ruling coalition .
Even a comfortable Piñera victory could be reversed on the January 17th run-off , as Frei and Enríquez-Ominami are essentially splitting the center-left vote .
The two most likely scenarios , then , are government continuity or predictable change -LRB- the right has been expected to capture the presidency for years -RRB- .
But a third scenario -- less predictable change following a victory by Enríquez-Ominami -- should not be ruled out , as campaign advertisements will appear in the media only starting November 13 .
And yet the range of the policy debate is much narrower , and the tone more amiable , than is the case in Chile 's more polarized neighbors , such as Argentina , Bolivia , and Venezuela .
In either of the most probable scenarios , continuity or prudent change , or even if the `` outsider '' candidate wins , Chile will in all likelihood remain a beacon of democratic stability , economic dynamism , and international engagement in a region too often characterized by political and economic turbulence .
The most controversial change that Piñera is likely to seek is the partial privatization of CODELCO , the huge and highly profitable state-owned copper company .
As the cleavages inherited from the military years fade and the ideological ocean that once separated left and right becomes a navigable river , there is potential for coalition reshuffling .
By contrast , viable reform in Saudi Arabia faces much greater challenges .
The monarchy was overthrown in 1952 without violence , and for 250 years Egypt has shown itself capable of producing both radical and reformist political trends .
Whereas China is a formidable exporter of manufactured goods , India has acquired a global reputation for exporting modern services . Indeed , India has leapfrogged over the manufacturing sector , going straight from agriculture into services .
India 's growth pattern is remarkable because it contradicts a seemingly iron law of development that has held true for almost 200 years , since the start of the Industrial Revolution . According to this `` law '' -- which is now conventional wisdom -- industrialization is the only route to rapid economic development for developing countries .
Service-led growth is sustainable , because globalization of services , which account for more than 70 % of global output , is still in its infancy .
Moreover , the long-held view that services are non-transportable , non-tradable , and non-scalable no longer holds for a host of modern impersonal services , which can now be produced and exported at low cost .
This is sustainable as there is huge room for South Asia to catch up to rich countries ' productivity levels .
Regional development policies to promote so-called `` equitable growth '' are not a solution , for two reasons .
Deeper social disparities should never be viewed as the inevitable price of rapid growth , and more egalitarian outcomes in education , health , and gender should not be considered `` second-stage '' reforms .
A development strategy that promotes growth first , and only then deals with human misery , is not sustainable .
And all working children are vulnerable to malnutrition , as their diet typically lacks the items necessary to build body tissues .
Orphans , whose number has increased sharply over the past quarter-century as a result of wars , economic sanctions , and terrorism , are especially vulnerable to the cruelest type of physical and psychological violence .
Grandparents are often unable or unwilling to care for them , and the pathological education given to them by criminal gangs often puts them beyond the reach of any institution 's ability to rehabilitate them .
Invulnerable Brazil ?
Invulnerable Brazil ?
For the first time in decades , Brazil has been able to take advantage of good economic times to reduce its external debt , thereby lowering the risk to lenders .
Moreover , while Brazil 's total gross foreign debt fell by $ 50 billion during the past eight years , its foreign currency reserves rose rapidly , especially in the past two years , cutting the net foreign debt by more than $ 120 billion since the 1999 crisis -LRB- see table -RRB- .
Indeed , a country affected by a world recession or by falling export prices is much more vulnerable if its external debt is 40 % or 50 % of the value of its net exports than if it has little or no net foreign debt .
Now , if something similar happens , the central bank will have the foreign exchange needed to service its debts while maintaining a stable exchange rate .
While structural reforms have lagged , the economy is far less vulnerable than it was in the past .
Interest groups for or against the euro project were never able to coalesce and harden into fixed proponents or opponents because both the economic benefits and costs imposed by the euro are diffuse .
The resistance to the reforms necessary to make the euro project viable , particularly in the area of public finance , was overcome by setting a precise , gradual timetable and clear penalties for missing the deadlines .
In countries like Greece , Finland , Italy , and Portugal , joining the single currency ran against the interests of some industrialists , who viewed the devaluation of the national currency as preferable to better but tougher choices aimed at maintaining and improving competitiveness .
Saying No to Medical Technology As is recommended for all patients , DeBakey had an advance directive : he had stated , while in good health , what approach to medical care he would want if he became ill and unable to speak for himself .
It typically means , as DeBakey experienced and as his physicians anticipated , an extended hospitalization marked by reliance on machines , multiple complications , and considerable suffering .
DeBakey spent three months in the hospital , much of the time unable to speak or eat , let alone leave his bed , read , or interact with others .
Is it reasonable for 99 or perhaps 999 people to suffer for days or months , only to die from complications of surgery , because one person might live ?
An implantable cardioverter defibrillator can jolt the heart back to normal if an irregular , life-threatening rhythm develops in patients who have had a heart attack .
This is not an evil which I can decide once and for all to repudiate and never to embrace again , as I was able to do with fornication . ''
Each age , culture , and tradition defines what is an unacceptable body weight -- unhealthy , ugly , or corrupt .
But there are few international rules on what an NGO actually is , and the lack of control can lead to unpredictable consequences .
More and more donors are also insisting that NGOs provide measurable proof that they make a difference .
By demanding quantifiable results , donors may force program managers to choose easily achieved targets over less measurable actions that accord with sound humanitarian principles .
Emergencies are chaotic : staff and resources are stretched , the local population is very unlikely to be able to provide meaningful feedback , and pre-crisis baseline data are largely unavailable , so comparisons are complicated .
Most of the deaths were from communicable diseases , which malnourished people may well have contracted after crowding into feeding centers .
NGOs do the lion 's share of the world 's humanitarian work , and some mistakes are inevitable .
The current regime is ignoring an immutable law of governance : a state 's effectiveness is indivisible from its responsibility for social justice .
A higher rate of global migration is desirable for four reasons : it is a source of innovation and dynamism ; it responds to labor shortages ; it meets the challenges posed by rapidly aging populations ; and it provides an escape from poverty and persecution .
The classical economists such as John Stuart Mill saw this as both economically illogical and ethically unacceptable .
If the Khmer Rouge trials are to proceed , donor countries must see the Extraordinary Chambers as a prudent investment toward a stable and productive Cambodia .
Only by demonstrating professionalism in its work , and willingness to hold senior government figures accountable where appropriate , can the ICC engender broad and lasting support .
Indeed , none of Russia 's power structures , including the military , the FSB , and the MVD , are capable of performing effective anti-terrorist operations .
Some military analysts saw this as the beginning , at long last , of serious reforms , as the army was capable only of executing military operations in Russia 's traditional way , i.e. , using overwhelming force , as in WWII .
To meet today 's threats , troops must be able to take individual responsibility and initiative , and need to be trained to react resourcefully and at a moment 's notice .
Belarus 's economy can function only if Russia subsidizes energy prices and allocates non-repayable credits .
Yet , despite all this , Lukashenko manages to avoid implementing economic projects profitable to Russia -LRB- i.e. , a single currency -RRB- .
Given magnitude of settlement and the power of vested interests , a forced evacuation of the occupied territories is unthinkable .
The women and children whose limbs Taylor ordered to be hacked off bear testimony to his brutality , and the countries left in turmoil make clear that there can be no durable peace in West Africa unless the man who unleashed these conflicts is stopped .
Given the country 's considerable efforts to mediate and quell regional conflicts , providing a haven for shielding West Africa 's chief destabilizer runs counter to its national interest , and popular opposition to shielding him is growing in Nigeria .
Piñera 's great challenge will be to use his 46.6 % of the vote in January to strengthen his leadership and his effort to build a new right-wing coalition with unimpeachable democratic credentials , thereby enabling it one day to defeat the ruling `` Concertación '' coalition that Bachelet leads .
China 's remarkable growth has been financed recently by a rapid expansion of money and bank credit that is producing an increasingly unsustainable investment boom .
This renews concerns that the country may not be able to avert a replay of the painful boom -- and-bust cycle such as the one it endured in the mid-1990 's .
Others argue that the stable exchange rate fosters macroeconomic stability in China .
What China really needs is a truly independent monetary policy oriented to domestic objectives . This would enable the PBC to manage domestic demand by allowing interest rates to rise in order to rein in credit growth and deter reckless investment .
But what could take the place of the stable exchange rate as an anchor for monetary policy and for tying down inflation expectations ?
Information is at work on each level and comfortable theories explain how the separate ones operate .
Breaking the Windows Barrier Kyoto -- As 2009 commences , Microsoft is previewing its next-generation operating system , Windows 7 , which is remarkable only in that it is almost the same as every previous version .
Stagnation in computer design is not surprising , considering that familiarity is so comfortable .
The colonized were able to maintain aspects of their local culture through different aural versions of the same written `` word '' because the common meaning existed only in the shape .
Computer scientists might be in a unique position to enable richer communication , and perhaps a more stable future as a consequence .
Indeed , the catastrophes in Japan might finally achieve what decades of conflict in the Middle East have not : compel governments to invest in the research required to develop viable energy alternatives .
There is most likely an exploitable galactic source of energy that is constant , unlimited , and in our sky right now .
The earth produces a reliable stream of disasters .
Deadly mutations of any kind need to be identified urgently , so that an effective vaccine can be designed before the strain becomes comfortable in the human body .
They are made from proteins similar to those that the body uses during healthy operations , which means that they are able to fool the body 's tools into making more prions .
They would be located everywhere , with an emphasis on vulnerable regions .
More unfortunate still was his implication that this was the cause of a series of gang rapes in Sydney in 2000 , in which the attackers ' legal defense was that they thought the women were sexually available because they wore Western clothes .
Interestingly , many purveyors of pornography initially thought that better quality video would make their product more desirable .
The range of usable territory -- the spectrum -- is administered by governments as though it were real estate , and is broken up according to wavelength , with an amount apportioned for cell phones , other bits for military pilots , and so on .
To some extent , everyone will benefit from this , because governments will be less able to censor information .
It can be shown that cells are able to detect these messages , but the extent to which they affect the body is unknown .
So perhaps the problem with existing regulatory models lies in the assumption that the entire atmosphere is available for unconstrained use .
Global warming will increase evaporation and severely reduce rainfalls -- by up to 20 % in the Middle East and North Africa -- with the amount of water available per person possibly halved by mid-century in these regions .
Conflicts may be inevitable ; wars are not .
As the dramatic shrinkage of the Aral Sea , Lake Chad , and the Dead Sea illustrate , it now requires preserving scarce natural resources and ensuring their equitable distribution among conflicting needs .
We brought down the Berlin Wall in the belief that future generations would be able to solve challenges together .
An agreement based on the parameters that are now on the negotiating table would thus put us in a position more dangerous than a game of Russian roulette .
That would allow the United States and other countries to enact the necessary legislation , and provide United Nations negotiators time to translate the COP15 Declaration into an appropriate , workable legal structure .
Rich countries need to put serious money on the table .
So the industrialized countries need to put a real financing offer on the table as soon as possible to allow time for a positive reaction and announcements of commitments from developing countries . In particular , commitment to an early-start fund -- at least $ 20 billion to immediately assist the least developed countries -- is critical .
This requires emission reductions of 45-50 % in industrialized countries by 2020 , and almost complete de-carbonization by 2050 , not the levels of 15-25 % by 2020 and 60-80 % by 2050 that are now on the table .
But , even with favorable world market conditions , we did not manage to solve the problem of poverty , in which millions of Russians still live .
Russia needs a breakthrough toward an up-to-date , knowledge-based , and ecologically sustainable economy .
As I , along with George P. Shultz , William J. Perry , Henry A. Kissinger , Sam Nunn , and others , pointed out five years ago , nuclear deterrence becomes less reliable and more risky as the number of nuclear-armed states increases .
This would augment the diplomatic and moral capital available to diplomats as they strive to restrain nuclear proliferation in a world where more countries than ever have the wherewithal to construct a nuclear bomb .
Conditions were far from favorable for a disarmament deal in 1986 .
Reagan and I were nonetheless able to create a reservoir of constructive spirit through constant outreach and face-to-face interaction .
US President John F. Kennedy once warned that `` every man , woman , and child lives under a nuclear sword of Damocles , hanging by the slenderest of threads , capable of being cut at any moment . ''
But the US has also been unable to achieve the global status of a `` Yalta superstate . ''
During the early transition years , the lack of an effective monetary-policy framework reflected the challenge of establishing new institutions and regulations , as well as the difficulty of overcoming the legacy of central planning , under which budget and credit financing were indistinguishable .
The Next Liberation of France Ségolène Royal has turned the tables on the Socialist Party to become its standard bearer in next year 's election .
Their common approach is to enter into a real dialogue with the French people based on an understanding that the only viable basis for reform is a strong political contract between government and citizens .
Should a sharp downturn take place , it may still be argued that such a correction has been long expected , and that a sharp shock is preferable to a slow and agonizing adjustment .
Oil prices stabilization , indeed , may only be vulnerable to a large-scale military action by the US .
As it is , even Roman Abramovich 's Sibneft -- potentially the most vulnerable company due to its oligarch ownership and its use of the same tax minimization schemes that were the undoing of Yukos -- merely faces a preliminary claim for back taxes .
Legitimacy and stability are inseparable in practice , because maintaining stability in the absence of legitimacy would ultimately require Tiananmen-style repression .
Despite Russia 's history after 1917 , one dominant political party is preferable to none at all .
Putin 's recent public statements point to such a vision : a dominant center-right ruling party , with a -LRB- non-communist -RRB- social democratic alternative waiting in the wings to maintain stable government should the main party falter .
Should he choose to exercise his vast residual influence through United Russia -LRB- with its inevitable majority in the newly elected parliament -RRB- , we will know that he means what he says .
Much of Neuchatel 's progressive attitude toward foreign residents is attributable to one man , Thomas Facchinetti , who started a multicultural cohesion service 20 years ago and has steadily built it up .
Unfortunately , the figure is misleading , because it includes non-tradable , state-owned shares valued at market prices .
Former SOEs -- whose market valuation is pumped up by the artificial shortage of tradable shares -- account for more than nine-tenths of the 1,224 companies listed on China 's stock exchanges .
Strip out all this non-tradable equity and what is left is a market worth about $ 145 billion -LRB- around 12 % of GDP -RRB- at the end of 2002 .
Because share prices , therefore , can not possibly affect the macro-economy , Mr. Shang should be able to improve the quality of regulation without worrying about the effect on growth . # 2 .
As investment growth slows and export markets endure their unpredictable business cycles and protectionist moods , China will increasingly rely upon consumption for creation of jobs and income -- and the service industry is where most consumption occurs .
According to a recent survey by the People 's Bank -LRB- the central bank -RRB- , households in the ten largest cities spend about 35 % of their monthly income on average on mortgage repayments , which is comparable to other countries .
First , banks still have few reliable means of checking borrowers ' creditworthiness , including previous loans from other banks .
Second , banks are vulnerable to non-repayment .
Securities investment funds now account for roughly 30 % of tradable stock market capitalization , although this represents only 0.9 % of GDP , compared to more than 5 % in India .
Genes enable life , but they clearly do not determine it .
But this latest dispute is characteristic of a remarkable flurry of anti-Japanese activity in China since 2003 .
Indeed , Japanese public-opinion surveys also reveal a marked decline in favorable views of China .
Self-Financing Development NEW YORK -- A remarkable feature of the international financial system in the last decade has been the rapid and vast accumulation of foreign-exchange reserves by developing countries .
Half of this volume is concentrated in developing Asia , but Latin America and Africa have also been amassing international assets at a remarkable pace .
Official development assistance and multilateral bank lending , though valuable , remain insufficient .
But regional and sub-regional financial institutions owned by developing countries can and should play an important and valuable complementary role .
Brown 's proposals are different because the effectiveness of aid will be judged by measurable outputs , not monetary inputs .
Funds will be dispersed only to countries committed to stable prices and public spending , and support of the market economy .
The explanation is simple : the problems that underlie the crisis -LRB- the precarious state of Greek public finances and that of the Spanish real estate sector -RRB- have not been solved , though they should actually be easily manageable in a pan-European context .
So , the real question is why problems of manageable proportion on Europe 's periphery are paralyzing the eurozone 's entire banking system .
A planet composed of nation-states that in turn are dominated by special interest groups does not seem capable of solving this problem .
A world incapable of preventing climate change will have to live with it .
Post-bubble economies thus face a fundamental mismatch between the skills available in the existing work force and the requirements of a modern export-oriented manufacturing sector .
So long as this trend continues , only high and continuing doses of fiscal and monetary expansion will be able to sustain domestic demand .
But , even under floating exchange rates , the US retained an advantage : given that the dollar remained the key global reserve currency , the US could finance large external deficits at very favorable rates .
And that is true here as well : performing the role of reserve currency enables the US to borrow on the cheap , but at the cost of any significant influence over the exchange rate , which is determined by the rest of the world 's demand for dollar assets .
But it is all too easy to forget that the development of this market was initially welcomed , because it enabled even people who would not normally qualify for a mortgage loan to aspire to homeownership .
On the contrary , a crash makes the dream of ownership more affordable , which benefits first-time buyers -- typically the young and less well-off .
The downside is that housing busts last equally long , because houses are such a durable good .
Once too many houses have been built , the existing overhang depresses the market for a very long time , and unemployed construction workers are usually unable to find jobs elsewhere .
For the financial market , the size of the exit depends on the funds available to make short-term investors whole .
In particular , they should be able to expect to be better off than those rushing to the exit .
The yields and volatility of longer-term bonds should then fall relative to short-term securities , allowing peripheral governments to finance themselves reliably and at reasonable cost .
For a few years , imports surged , and by 1995 a sizeable current-account deficit had developed .
The debt crisis will end only when they have shown that they have understood this and accepted the inevitable sacrifices .
Papandreou had to reverse course quickly in response to both internal and external pressure , but the option that he put on the table will not go away whatever the fate of the present Greek government .
With popular resistance to paying for profligate southern Europeans rising in Germany and Holland , governments there might be forced to ask their people whether they want to pay the huge costs implied by their commitments to bail out eurozone members that are unwilling or unable to pay .
The result , however , is quite predictable : soaring risk premia throughout the periphery .
Because data for the euro area will become available only much later , it is not yet possible to determine whether prices have already turned on the Continent as well .
While there is little evidence in the euro area of large-scale sub-prime lending , there is considerable evidence to suggest that house prices have an important impact on domestic demand , albeit with wide variations among individual countries .
This would give management considerable de facto independence , since under the one person , one vote principle the larger member countries could no longer block issues just because they are politically inconvenient .
But it is indispensable if the ECB is really to be independent , and if one expects that all members of the Governing Board , particularly the governors of national central banks , base their decisions only on the interests of the entire euro area -LRB- and not of their home country -RRB- .
The failure to impose market discipline via the no-bailout clause was predictable : in a systemic crisis , the immediate concern to preserve the stability of markets almost always trumps the desire to prevent the moral hazard that arises when imprudent debtors are saved .
This is why it is crucial to create a mechanism to contain the cost -- and thus minimize the unavoidable disruptions -- resulting from a default .
This is the key aim of the Euro -LRB- pean -RRB- Monetary Fund -LRB- EMF -RRB- , which Thomas Mayer and I have proposed , and which has been put on the Union table for discussion by German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schauble , among others .
Thus , the EMF would provide a framework for sovereign bankruptcy comparable to the procedures that exist in the US for bankrupt companies that qualify for restructuring .
Any holder of Greek debt , especially long-term debt , must calculate the likelihood that Greece 's political system will prove strong enough to push through the reforms needed to enable the country to service its debt fully -LRB- and on time -RRB- .
Similarly , the `` fundamental objectives '' of the Union -LRB- Article 3 -RRB- indulge in promises to promote `` sustainable '' growth , social cohesion and social protection , gender equality , the environment , and consumer protection .
But a richer alternative was available , one that would guarantee a broad right of private individuals -LRB- and their associations and organizations -RRB- to be protected from unnecessary interference by public powers .
But the text tabled by the Praesidium opens their way to doing just that .
This , in turn , might reduce their hostility to migrant workers while offering migrants an equitable and fair legal framework .
Even if a Palestinian state committed to peaceful coexistence were created , down the road Israel may be unable to avoid the fate of Northern Ireland .
Early death evokes a beautiful destiny interrupted before its pinnacle - and hence before it tumbles into inevitable collapse .
He was a prisoner of both his genius and his insatiable need for the Argentine public 's love .
There he is , vulnerable , fat , and weak , but we expect strength .
Unlike any first lady in Argentine history , she is capable and well prepared when discussing complex issues such as money laundering or labor law .
At that time , populism seemed an unstoppable force in Latin America .
He would not be able to lean on Brazil , the moderating regional power , but would inevitably fall under the sway of Chávez and Morales , deterring foreign investors and harming the country 's foreign relations .
Cuba is out of the question as a patron , due to its preoccupation with Raúl Castro 's efforts to reshape its depleted economy in an improbable bid for Chinese-style capitalism in a one-party state .
Humala most likely will not follow market dictates robotically . But he will not be able wholly to avoid them .
Its history has seen many coups , tens of thousands of people missing , a war with Great Britain , bouts of hyperinflation , a brutal economic crisis , default on foreign debt , and its most vulnerable citizens going hungry .
In that seemingly long-gone era , common initiatives for Europe were the rule , and a Franco-German proposal usually constituted an acceptable compromise for Europe as a whole .
Moreover , Sarkozy 's discussions with British Prime Minister Gordon Brown during his two-day state visit to London in March prominently featured a deal to use France 's considerable nuclear expertise to build a new generation of nuclear power stations in Britain -- another source of discord with Germany .
Whereas Sarkozy views nuclear power as a promising source of `` renewable '' energy , Germany remains adamantly opposed to it -- a policy that Chancellor Angela Merkel placed at the top of her agenda during Germany 's EU presidency in 2007 .
Yet , to its immediate south , energy resources and raw materials are plentiful . A European energy community would accelerate Europe 's low-carbon transition and stimulate development of renewable energies . It could also eventually lead to a Euro-Mediterranean energy community -- one of the proposals made by the European Commission earlier this year .
A Euro-Mediterranean monetary system would avoid the discrepancy between euro - and dollar-denominated trade -- indeed , eventual expansion of the eurozone should not be ruled out . A reliable legal framework for exports and investments is also needed , and a targeted development bank would help to create a financial environment favorable to investment .
Europe could finance more and better training to help meet its own labor shortages , while African countries would be able to provide employment for their young people . And a Euro-Mediterranean and Euro-African version of the Erasmus student-exchange program would not only attract African students to Europe , but would also boost European students ' interest in the development of the southern Mediterranean and Africa .
Indeed , a Euro-Mediterranean and then Euro-African union may well be the only political project capable of preventing global rule by a G-2 of the United States and China .
After the US military action in Iraq , the tables may be turning in surprising ways .
Turkey 's `` conservative democrats '' in the Justice and Development -LRB- AK -RRB- Party came to power in the first election thereafter , in November 2002 , and were quickly able to marginalize radical elements among both the Islamists and secularists .
While a secularist coalition , mixing apples and oranges , may have declared war against a broad front of Islamic tendencies , the government , with its moral authority among the Muslim majority in Turkey , will be able to isolate the violent fringe and drive it into oblivion .
Indeed , the way problems are proliferating appears almost uncontrollable .
The recent social unrest in Greece , Latvia , and Lithuania has shown that political stability is now vulnerable even in the European Union .
In the past , when state economic decision-making reached such an impasse , wars and\/or revolutions were the inevitable result .
If we are to avoid the worst , fundamental change is not only necessary , but unavoidable .
Here , although randomized trials are not feasible , it remains possible to follow evidence-based medicine 's primary rule : to base action on systematic summaries of the highest quality evidence available .
But , while these observational studies are threatened by bias from patient selection -- sicker patients mean higher death rates , for example - -- the available administrative databases document patient characteristics such as age , severity of illness , and co-morbidity , including diabetes and high blood pressure . This information allows statistical approaches that level the playing field , helping to protect against biases associated with patient selection .
These additional costs mean that approximately 20 % of the total income that not-for-profit providers can devote to patient care is unavailable .
The available evidence provides strong support for public funding of health services delivered by not-for-profit providers .
This depreciation would perhaps be justifiable had Nigeria managed to use easy money to narrow the gap between ordinary Nigerians ' standard of living and that of people living in Britain .
This is understandable in light of the continent 's persistent poverty , seemingly endless conflicts , and the prevalence of HIV-AIDS and other infectious diseases .
What countries must do to join the World Trade Organization is precisely what they must do to become productive and democratic : accept the rule of law , reduce corruption , and become open , accountable , and transparent .
There are limits to what Russia can accomplish in the world in any positive sense , although its capacity to be a spoiler or create problems is considerable .
At the same time , the best way to help bring about a more liberal Russia -- one that promises to be more stable at home and more responsible abroad -- is by working with it .
The sovereign state is influenced by them -LRB- for better and for worse -RRB- as much as it is able to influence them .
Necessity may also lead to reducing or even eliminating sovereignty when a government , whether from a lack of capacity or conscious policy , is unable to provide for the basic needs of its citizens .
The aim must be to create an environment in which terrorism is seen as neither acceptable nor necessary .
When they are willing and able to do so , the UN can make a difference ; when they are not , the UN can act in only the most limited way , if at all , regardless of what the Secretary General wants .
Two other areas exist where practical changes are both achievable and desirable .
Over time , enhanced influence will enable him to get more things done .
Changes in foreign and defense policy are more considerable .
Intellectuals , journalists , and politicians are now saying and writing things about Japan 's role in the world that were unthinkable a decade ago .
The danger is not renewed Japanese militarism , but rather a Japan that is unable and unwilling to do its share to meet the regional and global challenges facing Asia .
Japan , for its part , needs to continue to open and reform its economy , improve its military , and make its forces available for the sort of low-intensity but manpower-intensive missions , ranging from genocide prevention to nation-building to peacekeeping , that are increasingly required in the greater Middle East and Africa .
Rather , the focus should be on the future and on welcoming the emergence of a Japan that is increasingly able and willing to act as a partner of the US in addressing regional and global challenges .
On one level , that reaction is predictable .
Ripeness has several elements : there must be a formula for the parties involved to adopt , a diplomatic process to get them to that point , and protagonists who are able and willing to make a deal .
It is an open question whether the most that Olmert would likely be able and willing to offer would meet the least that Abbas would be able to accept .
Rigid timetables that history suggests would not be met should be eschewed .
It would also help if those countries in a position to do so underscored their preparedness to make funds available to help build a Palestinian state and to resettle both refugees and those living in settlements that are vacated under any peace accord .
Still , if non-polarity is inevitable , its character is not .
For good reason , much attention is focused on foreign policy differences between the two nominees , which in many areas are both obvious and considerable .
But whoever is elected will confront difficult choices if a nuclear-armed Pakistan remains unable or unwilling to act as an American partner and meet its responsibilities in the effort against terrorism .
Both candidates have stressed that an Iran with nuclear weapons would be unacceptable .
Iran is well down the path to being able to enrich uranium on a large enough scale to produce a nuclear weapon .
The risk is that doing so would make an already unstable and conflict-prone Middle East even more so .
A nuclear Iran would likely act more aggressively throughout the region in the belief that its nuclear capability afforded it considerable protection .
It is conceivable that Iran could be allowed a symbolic `` right '' to enrich , but any enrichment program would have to be extremely small so as not to pose a strategic threat .
What would also help would be to make clear that Iran would face additional sanctions , including constraints on its ability to import refined petroleum , if it refused to accept a fair and reasonable compromise .
This change in US foreign policy is both desirable and necessary .
The consequences of failure in Copenhagen could be considerable .
Such an accord might well be desirable , but it is simply not an option for climate change any time soon .
Nuclear power is another area requiring attention . So , too , are renewable forms of power , such as solar and wind .
In this narrative , the Cold War was not so much won by the US and the West as lost by the Soviets , the inevitable result of Soviet economic weakness and political decay .
Security is the absolute precondition for sustainable recovery from conflict ; without it , people can not rebuild their country or return to school or work .
The US is making available more than $ 2 billion to support early reconstruction efforts .
America 's goal -- an Iraq that is intact , possesses a representative government , and respects the rule of law -- is no pipe dream , particularly in view of the country 's educated population and sizable middle class .
The task now is to persuade Palestinians and Israelis to begin the process , to start taking steps to improve the situation on the ground so that they can tackle more far_reaching matters at the negotiating table .
This outlook is understandable , but shortsighted .
In the case of Iran , the first Iraq war teaches us that economic sanctions will likely not be enough to persuade the Revolutionary Guards -LRB- who increasingly dominate the country -RRB- to accept verifiable limits on their nuclear program .
While it may be difficult for people around the world to comprehend this , given the global reach of the United States , it is an undeniable fact .
One area of probable continuity is the Middle East , where Obama will continue to try to broker a deal between Israelis and Palestinians and press Iran not to develop nuclear weapons .
-LRB- Republicans , however will argue for putting less pressure on Israel to compromise and more pressure on Iran . -RRB- But he can expect considerable backing from Republicans if he wants to maintain a sizeable US military presence in Afghanistan beyond this July , or a modest military presence in Iraq beyond the end of 2011 .
Mounting debt also leaves the US vulnerable to the decisions of those who lend it money -- or to the vagaries of the market .
Early elections should be avoided , lest those -LRB- such as the Muslim Brotherhood -RRB- who have been able to organize over the years enjoy an unfair advantage .
But it is a milestone , not a turning point , in what remains an ongoing struggle with no foreseeable end .
These elements of a comprehensive counter-terrorism strategy can reduce the threat to manageable , or at least tolerable , levels .
But tolerable is not good enough when it comes to protecting innocent life .
This is not nearly as desirable an outcome as Pakistan joining what should be a common international effort .
Weak governments can be made stronger ; governments that tolerate or support terrorism must be held accountable .
Reducing unemployment is desirable , of course , but many terrorists do not come from poverty .
Of course , we want to continue to find ways to make ourselves less vulnerable and terrorists more so .
Democracy requires an informed citizenry able to question its government .
In my view , these rough proportions have been stable throughout ten centuries of Islamic history , with slight differences .
The welfare state , largely associated with the reformist social-democratic movement , is now reaching its limits in the form of uncontrolled public deficits and unsupportable levels of taxation .
Should the state confine itself to creating an economic environment favorable to private enterprise ?
The Bank of Communications listed on the Hong Kong stock market shortly after the HSBC investment , so it has been able to provide the market with more information than have the banks that are still awaiting privatization .
They will be less vulnerable to political pressure from local governments to finance development projects .
It will thus reduce state expenditure on enforcing a widely violated law ; remove marijuana growing and selling from the black market ; enable any adult who wishes to use marijuana to do so ; and introduce a tax on legal marijuana sales that will fill state coffers with revenue that formerly went to illegal growers -LRB- so long as there is no large-scale tax evasion -RRB- .
Use may not increase immediately , but it will over time , because marijuana will become more freely available , much cheaper -LRB- in order to discourage the persistence of a black market -RRB- , and its use will be implicitly condoned .
Experience with alcohol suggests that marijuana will be available to underage users -LRB- as it is now -RRB- , whatever the minimum legal age .
Thus , legally available cheaper marijuana will probably mean more use by more young people , and probably more daily use later into adulthood .
In general , the more people who use a drug , the larger the number of problem users there will be -LRB- on the reasonable assumption that problem users comprise a fixed proportion of all users -RRB- .
With too much power at the European level , national authorities will be answerable to their citizens and be forced to foot the bill , yet they will lack power .
In good times , we probably would not be able to tell the difference , but the grim reality is that such an arrangement would be unlikely to prevent another crisis .
More unification and harmonization does not necessarily lead to effective -- or even reasonable -- solutions to the EU 's troubles .
Delivery of financial services will be made more difficult and expensive everywhere , even though some countries ' banks are financed by stable long-term deposits rather than short-term interbank loans , with few toxic assets and local loans that are more than comfortably covered by local deposits .
If applied , bank capital will be scarcer , the flow of credit slower , and bank fees higher in countries with pretty stable financial sectors , simply because others have spent a fortune to support their financial systems -- and because the European Commission never misses an opportunity to unify rules across the EU .
Recently , it almost looked as if the EU had finally come to understand that , given a lack of will , no pact -- however commendable its purpose -- can ensure sound fiscal policies .
It was this Iraqi attitude of implacable hostility that , in 1998 , forced UN weapons inspectors to leave the country , leading to today 's confrontation .
In fact , after inspections were suspended in 1998 , Iraq worked tirelessly to build an impenetrable wall around the people responsible for its weapons programs .
Understanding the system that produces these weapons , and finding the means to disable this system , has not been on their agenda .
As a result , Iraq 's refusal to cooperate in making the scientists available for interviews -- the key to its entire strategy of denial -- was mentioned only in passing at the end of the inspectors ' reports .
This is a lamentable repeat of the International Atomic Energy Agency 's performance in both 1990 and 1994 , when , under the leadership of Blix , Iraq was given a clean bill of health on nuclear weapons development .
The EU can not let Cyprus stew in its own juice , not least because as a member state the island is proving an uncomfortable bedfellow .
Ever since UN peacekeepers were deployed in 1964 , the UN has been the only party acceptable to all sides as a `` midwife of compromise . ''
If the government of Pakistan and its friends do not accept that this human suffering was preventable , a chain of similar disasters will take place as army action heats up in Waziristan and other parts of the country .
The innumerable blasts and attacks all across the country , the killing of Benazir Bhutto , and the routine television images of splatters of blood covered with flies have wrecked their nerves .
Meanwhile , many worries and concerns remain : Will the internally displaced be able to return home and -- despite the countless hastily dug graves that scar their beautiful landscape -- reconnect with their old lives ?
But it fails to provide a solid -LRB- or particularly admirable -RRB- foundation upon which to base America 's role in the world in the 21
Should the national government be able to monitor the computer and telephonic communications of citizens and residents ?
-LRB- Here , I and experts from around the world have been calling for the creation of a Supranational Commission for Water and Energy to ensure the kind of sustainable resource management that the Strategic Foresight Group has labeled `` Blue Peace . '' -RRB-
The neo-cons are also gleeful as they suspect that the road towards `` regime change '' in Iran may opened , because , with a hardliner as president , American and Western opinion may now find subversion or military strikes much more palatable .
But what is remarkable nowadays about populist leaders who claim to `` clean up the mess '' of corruption and moral decadence in the name of virtue and tradition , is that their ideology comes in so many different political colors .
Religion has led people to commit a long litany of horrendous crimes , from God 's command to Moses to slaughter the Midianites -- men , women , boys , and non-virginal girls -- through the Crusades , the Inquisition , innumerable conflicts between Sunni and Shiite Muslims , and suicide bombers convinced that martyrdom will lead them to paradise .
When markets fear that a country might not repay its debts , they demand higher interest rates , which in turn make countries less willing or able to repay , justifying the initial fear .
Over the past ten years of economic transformation , unimaginable wealth has unaccountably disappeared from banks and companies ; billions in taxes go unpaid .
But is friendship imaginable without candor ?
Yet , as a citizen of a European postcommunist country , I must admit that when I listen to the mantra-like claims about our Western affiliation , the Western direction of our policies , and the obligation of Western organizations , such as NATO and the EU , to offer us speedy admission , I often feel somewhat uncomfortable . There is an implied tone underlying this rhetoric that I find disturbing .
Thus , the implicit perception of Western superiority and Eastern inferiority is untenable in the long run .
At the same time , politicians in democratic countries need to think seriously about reforms of international institutions , because we desperately need institutions capable of real global governance .
In a revolutionary atmosphere of solidarity and self-sacrifice , people tend to think that when their victory is complete , paradise on Earth is inevitable .
This depression is probably inevitable .
This `` inevitable '' process poisoned political life and the media , which led to a strange state of limited freedom and a mafia-like environment .
This is understandable : the communist justice system was manipulated to serve the regime , and thousands of judges can not be replaced overnight .
So how is it possible that the international community remains incapable of responding effectively to dissuade Burma 's military rulers from escalating the force that they have begun to unleash in Rangoon and its Buddhist temples ?
It is time to strongly condemn the exclusion of a considerable number of people from voting and to insist on the release of Burma 's political prisoners .
If the words of the Olympic Charter , stating that it is a goal of Olympism to `` place sport at the service of the harmonious development of man , with a view to promoting a peaceful society concerned with the preservation of human dignity , '' are to be fulfilled , it is necessary for all Olympians to be able to learn about the real situation in China and to point out human rights violations freely whenever and wherever in line with their conscience .
Human rights are a universal and inalienable topic , enshrined in international human rights documents that China has also signed onto , transcending international as well as domestic politics , and all cultures , religions and civilizations .
What is needed is a viable option for the opposing party to adopt in order for violence not to be deployed .
Although force sometimes has its uses , a stable and lasting peace can be delivered only by an integrative , compromise solution .
In the end , reconstruction and reconciliation are the only viable means to bring stability , since it can not be imposed .
It is this lack of a coordinated attempt to structure an agreement between Israelis and Palestinians -- a structure based on an inclusive , interdisciplinary , and systemic approach that can shift the variables and lead to a peace that both peoples regard as equal and fair -- that most concerns those of us who work in international crisis resolution .
So bridging the human dignity deficit , the divide between haves and have-nots , will be essential to reaching any viable political settlement between Palestinians and Israelis .
Palestinians and Israelis need to establish viable dialogues across the huge social fissures that divide them , as well as dialogues between the authorities and ordinary people who live in a state of confusion about what is being done in their name .
The Ghost of Appeasement PRAGUE -- One of the fundamental pillars of Europe 's political architecture is a strong and enduring belief in the universal validity of equal , universal , and inalienable human rights . At the core of this is a belief in the rights of human beings to a life of freedom and the protection of their dignity .
But his courage and example may help to accelerate the dawn of the day when China 's participation in international affairs is aided by the expertise and oversight of civil-society groups , an independent media , and an engaged citizenry able to express its views through the ballot box .
Pressure must be brought to bear to bring Burma 's generals to a negotiating table where real negotiations take place . All the tools at the disposal of the international community should be used to bring this about .
It is our hope that all of us will reach out to this disaster 's victims with our whole hearts , and give , through the Nippon Foundation 's fund or through any other respected and recognized humanitarian organization , whatever we can to enable Japan 's thousands of victims to recover the simple dignity of normal life .
In effect , by not accepting Saudi largesse the militant will be keeping food off his own family 's table -- a powerful restraint in a culture and religion in which parents are highly regarded and respected .
In addition , the excessive violence in Libya might send the message to other peoples in the region that the cost of change is too high to pay , and that the relatively peaceful transitions seen in Egypt and Tunisia might not be replicable .
Nonetheless , today 's Saudi princes appear to recognize that something has genuinely changed in the Middle East : The younger generation of Arabs is no longer prepared to accept unaccountable , corrupt , and brutal governments .
King Abdullah has called the killings unacceptable , and has withdrawn his ambassador from Damascus .
If civil war erupts , the Saudis will not be able to stop the waves of refugees .
For all of their wealth and planning , the Saudis remain vulnerable to the turmoil surrounding them .
But cells with mutated BRCA1 or BRCA2 genes are unable to undergo recombination and are therefore much more sensitive to an increased level of unrepaired single-strand breaks .
The reason is simple : cells that have recently lost the functional BRCA1 or BRCA2 allele and that will later grow into tumors will also be unable to undergo recombination .
Thus , while the use of PARP inhibitors to treat established tumors may be feasible within a few years , we could have to wait at least a decade before a prophylactic treatment for inherited breast cancer is widely available .
Recession and depression can lead to exclusion and , at worst , persecution of societies ' most vulnerable groups .
References to it can be found on clay tablets from the royal library of Nineveh and Babylon , dating from before the sixth century BC , as well as in a collection of Chinese legends ascribed to Lieh Tzu dating from the fifth century BC .
The information from the ground fixes the unique values of each variable in this ratio .
All President Hu really said was that China would now `` endeavor '' to curb its carbon emissions by a `` notable '' margin .
But how does one measure `` endeavor '' or `` notable '' ?
The climate bomb is ticking , and there is a palpable sense of urgency among policymakers . For , as the UN 's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has explicitly warned , if emissions do not fall before 2015 , and only fall from then onwards -LRB- and the overall trend is that they have been rising -RRB- , we will reach the point of no return .
The world 's governments must be able to trade horses if pandas and presidents are to do more than smile .
In these circumstances , there will be inevitable calls for the West -- namely the US -- to overthrow the tyrant militarily .
When US-led forces overthrew Saddam Hussein in 2003 , far too little effort was made to understand how a peasant tyrant like Saddam was able to seize power and hold it for so long .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Dropping bombs as a solution to the world 's trouble spots may be falling out of fashion -LRB- with the notable exception of Libya -RRB- , but finger wagging is definitely back in .
There is a considerable gap between offers of advice one can not refuse and the responsibility to deal with the consequences when that advice proves wrong or extremely difficult to implement .
The notion that a dictator can claim the sovereign right to abuse his people has become unacceptable .
The elements of an eventual settlement have been known for years : the creation of a viable Palestinian state -- a goal endorsed by the last two US presidents -- together with secure borders for Israel , some arrangement on Jerusalem , and an economic package .
Yet , for decades , neither the parties nor any of the many peace mediators have been able to claim the prize .
There has been considerable discussion about how regional developments could eventually affect the peace process .
Perhaps the most important was the memorable -- but erroneous -- view that Milosevic would give up after a few days of bombing .
I hope I will be able to do it the same way . ' ''
That proposal fell in two parts . He , Blair , was demonstrably more `` electable , '' and should lead Labor in deposing the ramshackle Tory regime of John Major .
When I called on him in January this year , his press officer advised me not to bring up the obvious question . -LRB- I readily agreed , since an unanswerable question is a waste of time . -RRB-
The sound of the voice is sometimes that of a family member or someone from one 's past , or is like that of no known person but has distinct and immediately recognizable features -LRB- say , a deep , growling voice -RRB- .
The brains of schizophrenia sufferers may be vulnerable to becoming `` stuck '' in these hallucinatory states .
Such developments suggest an advanced and deeply disturbing trend , whereby certain segments of the European intelligentsia are willing to violate their own beliefs in order to target one state for unique stigmatization ; and whereby insidious and sometimes illegal forms of discrimination against that state 's citizens are increasingly seen as acceptable .
Phrases like `` apartheid state '' and `` Zionism is racism , '' unthinkable in liberal discourse a few years ago , have become routine .
The possibility that the Palestinians are capable of deliberate decisions , that they have adopted policies which may have contributed to the current situation , or that they have exercised their own forms of power and violence , is , in this framework , never admitted .
But credible criticism must be based on evidence -- and on generally applicable criteria of judgment .
It is worth noting that hydrogen 's supporters do not oppose battery powered cars , and they embrace biofuels as another renewable source of hydrogen .
I felt a jolt go through my body ; they were unmistakable .
Their crimes included , indirectly , the deaths of three of our colleagues -- Bob Frasure , Joe Kruzel , and Nelson Drew , who had died when the armored personnel carrier they were in plunged down a ravine as we attempted to reach Sarajevo by the only route available , a dangerous dirt road that went through sniper-filled , Serbian-controlled territory .
He engaged in staring contests with some of our team as we sat across the table .
Rising from the table , the American-educated Karadzic raged in passable English about the `` humiliations '' his people were suffering .
The next day , we were able to fly into the reopened airfield in Sarajevo .
To reduce the destabilizing consequences of even such limited operations , a massive effort to help the predictable flood of refugees survive the winter should be cranked up now , rather than waiting until a crisis is upon us .
· Fourth , in exchange for an iron-clad US security guarantee , Israel should pull all settlers from the zones where their lives remain hideously insecure , to the 1967 borders , and a viable Palestinian state should be created , perhaps with an international protectorate in East Jerusalem .
The principal reason is that in times of crisis people fall into predictable but avoidable errors , largely because of panic .
Over time , detailed protocols have evolved for such confusing situations to encourage cool-headedness and minimize the risk of avoidable error .
Even today , the leading Republican presidential candidates suggest that the rule of law is an unaffordable luxury in the battle with al-Qaeda .
The achievements are notable , if insufficient .
Those who forcibly displace civilians in violation of international law must be held accountable in order to deter others in the future .
We can stage round-table after round-table to discuss the importance of our relations with China , but if issues like Iran , Africa , or other trouble spots are not managed better , the West will inevitably consider China a security threat .
In the long run , the growing expectation gap would aggravate the inevitable setbacks , and political leaders who championed closer relations could even be replaced by hard-liners .
In order to produce this confidence , it is above all necessary that we are honorable , open , and easily reconciled in case of frictions . ''
Cable television operators see their premises ransacked .
America 's strategic myopia may well provide bin Laden and his kind with a fresh flood of recruits and make Pakistan , the Islamic world 's only nuclear-armed state , ungovernable .
While it is inconceivable that any Muslim country will now ask Pakistan for nuclear weapons , non-state actors are clearly more enthusiastic .
The military , after decades of rule , has dismantled all forms of political organization -- parties , trade unions , and student associations -- leaving a Pakistani society immobilized , apathetic , and incapable of articulating its preferences .
Webs of intrigue and murky players obscure details , but the priorities are unmistakeable .
As part of the trade-off , terrorist leaders who are officially under house arrest -- like Maulana Masood Azhar and Hafiz Saeed -- remain able to open offices , address rallies , and preach jihad freely .
This perverse strategy sounds almost unbelievable .
Its female professors and students roam in objectionable dresses .
Plant diversity sustains us now , and in the future it will enable us to adapt , innovate , and ultimately survive .
The major meeting of the Convention on Biological Diversity taking place in Nagoya , Japan , from October 18-29 , is an opportunity in this regard , and we at Kew are hopeful for positive outcomes in terms of international agreements in the key areas of biodiversity conservation , sustainable use and access , and benefit-sharing .
Meanwhile , at the national level , it is essential that biodiversity conservation is `` mainstreamed , '' becoming an integral part of government policy and sustainable management practices worldwide .
Poverty alleviation , central to the UN Millennium Development Goals , is largely measured in GDP growth , but must include sustainable management of the natural capital on which economic health depends .
Once the true value of our natural resources is understood , rather than taken for granted as if there were an infinitely available supply , the vital importance of conserving biodiversity should be better recognized .
Committing the political will , and a small fraction of the world 's financial resources , to biodiversity conservation -- and the scientific research that underpins it -- would bring indispensable long-term benefits , including a healthy planet for our children .
Whether a condition was diagnosed as disordered depended not just on the symptoms , which might be similar in normal sadness , and not just on the condition 's severity , for normal sadness can be severe and disordered sadness moderate , but on the degree to which the symptoms were an understandable response to circumstances .
Yet , comparable symptoms that arise after , say , dissolution of a romantic relationship , loss of a job , or diagnosis of a life-threatening illness are not excluded from diagnosis of disorders .
The medicalization of depression has proven to be even more profitable for pharmaceutical companies , whose sales of anti-depressant medications have soared .
Such a change would acknowledge what humans have always recognized : intense sadness after loss is a painful and perhaps inevitable aspect of the human condition , but it is not necessarily a mental disorder .
Urgent action is needed both to adapt to the climate change that is inevitable and to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases , especially CO2 , to prevent further damage as far as possible .
The IEA also points out that the targets can be achieved without unacceptable economic damage .
Observers interpret al-Khatib 's comments as a reference to the passage of vast amounts of luxury goods through Jordan into Iraq , one of the means by which Saddam has been able to reward his followers .
Despite trying to annex an Arab neighbor , Saddam was able to claim the nationalist mantle against the Americans .
Forewarned is forearmed , and early action might diffuse problems which would otherwise become intractable .
In a new , unstable century , the relationship between Europe and America is more important than ever .
The Union 's members should form a series of overlapping circles : different combinations of members should be able to pool their responsibilities in different areas of their own choosing .
Britain does not need a seat at the table when decisions on the Euro are taken .
Even more than in Albania , opportunities to develop the habits of compromise that make democratic politics workable are denied to the people .
Is the OSCE 's presence retarding the country 's independence and economic vitality by creating an image of a protectorate , a country unable to forge international agreements or join powerful international bodies on its own volition ?
The democratic process has lost its aura and its thrust , not least because democratization seems to lead to the rise of political movements the West finds unacceptable .
Add together all the trade-offs between the West and the Arab regimes , along with the Israeli and Islamist factor , and the conclusion at which one arrives is as inescapable as it is alarming : the West can not afford democracy in the region .
If an entire society believes that you can not depend on legal rights for protection - that one must instead rely on a web of relationships with those who have power and influence - questions about whether such a society is livable or desirable will remain .
Moreover , Twitters brings opinion leaders together around one virtual table , attracting a lot of `` new public intellectuals '' and `` rights advocates , '' as well as veterans of civil rights movements and exiled dissidents .
Repatriation of Iraqis is unrealistic and definitely out of question for any foreseeable future .
True , Jordan and Syria let most Iraqis in , but they do not offer a possibility of durable local absorption .
Helping them to cope with the influx of refugees is necessary , but it is not a durable solution .
The Iraqi refugees are a crisis that can not be ignored : the international community must alleviate the burden on the countries in the region , while offering resettlement opportunities to many more of the most vulnerable Iraqis .
But the way the elders steered clear of a violent resolution is an admirable example of good governance .
This moment must be seized not only to beef up MONUC , but , more importantly , to use all existing leverage with the combatants and the governments that back them to get all the parties to return to the negotiating table .
He was unable to re-engage his Israeli adversaries or control his suicide-bound Palestinian militants . Nor was he able to contain let alone combat rampant corruption in the Palestinian Authority .
We need a comparable formula for the Middle East .
A durable peace , however , can not be built by remote control .
For it is open competition within the Single Market that enables Europeans to compete globally .
Fortunately , the world was just then entering the new era of the information revolution , so by opting for the new infrastructure of information technology , Estonia was soon able to play on a level playing field .
So a small and once developmentally challenged post-Soviet country was able to overcome seemingly overwhelming obstacles .
But this alone will not be sustainable unless Estonia begins to produce its own innovations .
Given the importance of energy in our lives , it is understandable that many EU countries want to shield their companies from competition , and so oppose liberalizing the energy market .
But for Europe to develop a common energy policy comparable to our common trade regime , it will need the sine qua non of external policy : internal liberalization .
After a brief period of hope , many observers now wonder whether the region is capable of producing viable , and economically vibrant , democracies .
Many observers predicted that Indonesia , the world 's most populous Muslim country , would be unable to sustain democracy and would ultimately decline into chaos .
Civil-society organizations , local communities , representatives of the poor and vulnerable , and women play a vital role in this regard , and they should be included at every level of decision-making .
Reforms will take time , and the old bureaucracies may not be able to implement them .
It is important to restore economic activity and create a favorable environment for entrepreneurs , particularly small and medium-size businesses , which constitute the main engine of job creation .
But economic success without accountability and social inclusion is not sustainable , and new governments often must face tough choices in order to protect the poor and vulnerable .
Scientists themselves may be able to ascribe these levels of credibility to their own work in fairness , if they describe in detail what they set out to do , and how they did it .
Sustainable transport would also improve our mental health , with an estimated 6 % less depression . There would be additional mental-health benefits from more green spaces , less noise pollution , and greater physical fitness .
Some companies have easier access to capital , whereas their competitors can not get access to finance at reasonable interest rates .
The data situation around the start was very unsatisfactory . Unobservable indicators like the output gap , which plays e.g. a central role in neo-keynesian recommendations for monetary policy , are generally known to be very difficult to estimate in real time .
Nor was it clear which models provide the most reasonable account of the functioning of the economy , especially in a case where more or less heterogeneous countries were to form a monetary union .
As long as such a `` one-pillar-approach '' is unavailable , there is no convincing reason why the ECB should change a strategy which has served it well and allowed it to establish a remarkable track record .
Since that period the amount of capital ready to exploit any opportunity in foreign exchange markets has multiplied , which would make any comparable situation today much more dangerous .
Moreover , before the crisis , differences in long-term interest rates among EMU members were around 25 basis points , despite unfavorable fiscal developments in some EMU countries .
Such temptations are understandable , and need not be animated by improper motives .
America 's Democrats continue to argue for complete withdrawal of United States forces from Iraq within 18 months , despite the fact that no rational observer believes that Iraqi forces will by then be able to secure Iraq 's borders and face down the country 's numerous militias , which remain armed to the teeth .
As for the Republicans , setting aside Sarah Palin 's talk of America 's divine mission in the war on terror , it is inconceivable that John McCain truly believes that a US presence is sustainable in Iraq into the indefinite future .
What McCain was referring to was a peaceable presence of US forces in the country for a long period , rather like their continued presence in Japan since 1945 .
Then again , for three consecutive years , Iraq 's national security advisor -- a physician with no credentials for the job when appointed by the US occupation authority , except that he spoke tolerable English -- insisted that the next year would be the last in which American troops were needed .
Iraq 's government is demanding a withdrawal timetable from the US , not because it believes that Iraqi forces will be ready to take over soon , but to burnish its nationalist credentials ahead of next year 's parliamentary elections .
Only such a presence can consolidate the palpable , but still reversible , gains made over the past year .
Some of Iraq 's Sunni leaders might thus conclude that permanent armed opposition is their only viable strategy .
True , they might not be able to topple the new regime , but they will be able to de-stabilize Iraq over the long term , in the hope of forcing a negotiated settlement of their grievances .
As the Iraqi political scientist Ghassan Atiyyah , has noted , the Kurds , even without regional allies , have been able to de-stabilize Iraq for 80 years .
How much more will the Sunnis be able to de-stabilize the country , he asked , enjoying as they do the support of most of the regional powers , including Saudi Arabia , Syria , and potentially Turkey ?
Second , Maliki 's tenure has been worrying to those who believe in democracy and the peaceable transfer of power .
He has created security forces -- some of which have reportedly acted as death squads -- that are answerable directly to him , thus bypassing the constitutional chain of command .
The fact that Maliki , despite his incumbency , has been unable to secure a second term seven months after the elections attests to the widespread opposition to his continued rule among Iraq 's political class .
Similarly , the Obama administration is trying to force what it perceives as the easiest path to a new government in Iraq -- even if it is pro-Iranian -- not because it is in the US national interest , but to enable it to head for the exits more quickly in advance of the president 's re-election campaign .
Even if the eurozone might not satisfy the necessary economic preconditions at the outset , economic variables would converge later on .
To keep the eurozone intact , regardless of the cost , became Europe 's only viable option once the single currency was adopted .
Recently , Brazil had been differentiating itself from the rest of the continent through its stable economy and vibrant democratic political system , both of which were helping the country 's poor .
Although his presence dramatically fuelled the situation for a time , Brazilian diplomats , working with the US , were able to reach agreement with Honduran authorities to allow Manuel Zelaya to return to office .
Indeed , by managing the political process to make the government work for Brazil 's people , Lula 's administration has made Brazil a truly stable and consensual democracy .
For decades , racial segregation in European schools has stigmatized generations of Roma children as stupid and disabled .
If the variations that affect reproduction are heritable , the outcome is evolution by natural selection .
To flesh out Darwinism , we obviously have to understand the three processes that are at its core . We need to know how organisms develop and reproduce , what is inherited and how it is inherited , and how heritable variations are generated .
We now know of several mechanisms that enable cells with identical DNA to have different characteristics , which are transmitted to daughter cells .
There are many other examples of heritable epigenetic variations , some of which are environmentally induced .
In evolutionary studies , because heritable non-genetic variations are often induced by the environment , we have to expand our notion of heredity and variation to include the inheritance of acquired variations , the once disparaged idea that was part of Lamarck 's theory .
The reason for these results is straightforward : increasing Europe 's climate-policy efforts boosts investments , thus inducing learning-by-doing , especially when these efforts are channeled into new technologies like renewable energy and advanced construction materials .
Obviously , the fossil-fuel sector would shrink by 2020 as the energy system decarbonizes , with coal being partly displaced by lower-carbon fuels , mainly gas and renewables -LRB- carbon capture and storage and nuclear power can not make much of a difference by 2020 -RRB- .
In an unstable world , an integrated Maghreb is both a necessity and an opportunity .
Notable examples include Mobutu in Zaire -LRB- now the Democratic Republic of Congo -RRB- , Siaka Stevens in Sierra Leone , Samuel Doe in Liberia , Siad Barre in Somalia , and Haile Selassie and Mengistu Haile Mariam in Ethiopia .
Helping leaders to imagine a life after power is one of the surest ways of ridding Africa of conflict and a great deal of corruption , and putting the continent firmly on the path to sustainable peace and development .
The most remarkable characteristic of globalization backlashes is how they create an odd alliance of right and left .
The bankruptcy of these two respectable but now out-moded positions opens the door for a new populism , based on an anti-globalization groundswell .
The EU 's large states feel particularly vulnerable , and it is there that the biggest shock to expectations has occurred .
But small states are less likely to think that they can create the rules of the game , and accordingly they are more willing and able to make adjustments .
Immense amounts of time were wasted in enterprises by informal requests for assistance , forcing knowledgeable workers to become computer gurus in order to aid their colleagues .
Government regulation was incapable of dealing with the issues involved , although it was certainly helpful to devise ways of making destructive hackers criminally responsible .
We need to celebrate , advertise , and propagandize new innovations only when their success is questionable , before they have become widely accepted .
In the eighteenth century , cheap and washable cotton undergarments produced a revolution in hygiene , but soon this had become so commonplace that the cotton revolution no longer generated any excitement .
Periods of globalization have been eras of considerable economic advance ; but they have also increased inequality within particular countries , as markets rewarded scarce factors of production , thus fueling powerful political backlashes that endangered the continuation of trade and financial integration .
The Perils of Financial Historicism Every financial crisis is inherently unknowable -- before it occurs , and as it occurs .
Because the past is knowable , the best way of understanding a current crisis is to search for a model in past experiences , even those that are long past .
This is the historical analogy drawn by those who want governments to do more , particularly banks that feel vulnerable and desperately need a public bailout .
Germans do not see why they should be vulnerable because of poor quality mortgage lending in American inner cities .
Between 1995 and 1997 , Explorer almost completely eradicated Navigator , although Navigator had initially opened up the World Wide Web for most users and its dominance appeared unassailable .
In our own time , air travel has become much cheaper , but airlines lose money ; telephoning is no longer unaffordable , but the telecommunications companies lost fortunes by over-bidding for mobile telephony rights .
A firm denial by the government should be seen as a sign that most of the American economy is fundamentally sound , and that American financial markets are sophisticated enough to be able to identify sound business practices .
The logic sounds like the American case of 1931 . Some of the arguments that are reverberating around Beijing are very reasonable : there is a great deal of uncertainty , and the SWFs might lose a lot of money .
The Art of Finance PRINCETON -- In the middle of September 's financial meltdown , a remarkable event occurred in London .
Compared to the values that were being destroyed on Wall Street , this was small change ; but it was a remarkable vote of confidence in the work of one artist .
Consequently , it is helpful to have a proxy activity that enables outsiders to see that the process of discernment and valuation really occurs .
Marx 's description of `` the fetishism of commodities '' -- the translation of goods into tradable assets , disembodied from either the process of creation or their usefulness -- seems entirely relevant to the complex process of securitization , in which values seem to be hidden by obscure transactions .
When economic activity starts up again after a deep recession , it will not be as a consequence of people having been compelled to channel financial resources into the projects selected as politically desirable , but as a result of new ideas .
The `` Marxist '' revival was probably an inevitable byproduct of the current crisis .
Deflation and Democracy PRINCETON -- The history of finance is partly the history of a struggle for a stable , secure way to measure value .
And , like any quest for certainty in our unpredictable world , it was doomed to failure .
Moreover , metallic money was prone to unpredictable shifts in value with the discovery of new supplies .
Consequently , many economists and politicians concluded that paper money could be more easily controlled and more stable .
But it initially produced a much less stable outcome , because of the strong temptation of political abuse .
Only the state is reliable enough to take on all debt , which private institutions are too risk-intolerant to hold .
But the new superbanks were inherently vulnerable because of the vast diversity and complexity of their transactions .
Monetary experts argued that an agreement on currency stabilization would be highly desirable , but that it required a prior agreement on the dismantling of trade barriers -- all the high tariffs and quotas that had been introduced in the course of the depression .
In adverse economic circumstances , governments felt vulnerable and unsure , and they could not afford to alienate public support .
Finally , faced by a realization of inevitable failure , participants look for a scapegoat .
The German delegation was led by Alfred Hugenberg , who was not a Nazi but wanted to show that he was an even more implacable nationalist than Hitler himself .
Of all the major powers in London , the United States looked the most reasonable and internationalist by far .
Governments are now vulnerable , and politicians are under attack almost everywhere .
In fact , developments or fashions in other academic disciplines and also in the general culture contributed at least as much to a willingness to engage in absurd risks and to provide and accept valuations of complex and inherently unfathomable securities .
A post-modern neglect or disdain for reality generated the sense that the whole world was constantly shifting and malleable , and might be as transient and meaningless as stock quotations .
In the 1990s , the international economic and financial system was more stable than in previous decades , despite the turbulence of 1997-98 .
The US federal budget deficit for 2001-2 was $ 159 billion , quite respectable -LRB- in percentage terms -RRB- by European standards .
Recent events suggest that we are more vulnerable that ever to a sudden and sharp backlash .
Advocates of monetary stimulation sometimes argue that it is preferable because it is more neutral in its distributional effects , and that its benefits are spread more widely .
This is why banks suddenly look so unexpectedly profitable .
If implemented , the German proposal would most likely exclude behavior that involves acceptable risk , as well as sidelining those who take wild and inappropriate decisions .
If those agreements have widespread acceptance and mutual consistency , the result will be a stable international monetary system .
The search for a monetary rule during the latter period had two phases : in the earliest attempt to construct a basis for stable monetary policy , the emphasis was on monetary targeting .
In 2003 , Ben Bernanke , then a Governor of the US Federal Reserve , stated in a speech that many Americans considered inflation targeting `` foreign , impenetrable , and possibly slightly subversive . '' That feeling is stronger now .
Rising asset prices lead to a general increase in purchasing power , because many asset holders are willing -LRB- and able -RRB- to borrow more .
Financial globalization misfired because it took a bet on a type of economy that was becoming unsustainable .
Such recovery as there has been in the luxury market has been largely limited to so-called affordable luxuries -- shoes , handbags , or ties , rather than yachts or fast cars .
The result is that there are indisputable advantages to being big , as well as the disadvantages that have become obvious over the past two years .
In the old days , when banking was stable and regulated securely in a national setting , three or four leading banks tended to form an oligopoly : Barclays , Lloyds , Midland , and National Westminster in the United Kingdom ; Commerzbank , Deutsche , and Dresdner in Germany .
It is no longer best to be subject to the most favorable regulatory regime , but to be where the state has the deepest pockets .
Very large banks in small territories with small-scale governments are vulnerable . The US is big enough to handle behemoths like Bank of America or Citigroup .
By contrast , in the US , the government pushed big banks into buying up smaller and vulnerable banks , and is now doing everything it can to press them to lend more .
If modern banks are too big and too dangerous because they are too vulnerable , the most obvious way to make them safer is to demand higher capital requirements .
When large banks are unable to play this role , and are forced to retrench , the likelihood of market volatility increases .
That would run counter to almost every argument of modern economics , but , at a moment when we are looking to the past for financial solutions , it is no longer unthinkable .
Europeans thought that their close geographic proximity and shared cultural inheritance might enable them to produce answers where global debates had become stalled .
The process that began with the report of the Delors Committee in 1989 and led to the Maastricht Treaty in 1992 , the establishment of the euro in 1999 , and the introduction of the physical currency in 2002 was rooted in an attempt to devise mechanisms that would generate a more stable global exchange-rate regime .
From today 's perspective , the problems of the Nixon era look relatively manageable , even trivial .
In 2008 , the last year for which figures are available , Japan held 23.4 % of the world 's reserves and China held 44.8 % .
Two of Snow 's predecessors , John Connally and James Baker , followed a similar quest for politically desirable exchange rates .
The Americans first unilaterally suspended the gold convertibility of the dollar -- the backbone of the fixed but adjustable exchange-rate regime created by the post-WWII Bretton Woods conference -- and then teamed up with the Europeans to force on Japan a 16.9 % revaluation of the Yen against the dollar .
The scenario of the early 1970 's was replayed with floating rates in the mid-1980 's , with the meetings of the major countries ' finance ministers first forcing down the Yen and the D-mark against the dollar , and then trying in 1987 to hold rates stable .
But Keynesianism involved continued fiscal expansion , with no offsetting monetary contraction . By the 1970 's , it had brought to the United Kingdom large and ultimately unsustainable current-account deficits , high levels of inflation , and then political gridlock over what to do .
And , because the party programs of the Labor government and the Conservative opposition are not clearly distinguishable , they find it hard to differentiate themselves from the Liberal Democrats .
Up to now , the global financial crisis was historically remarkable in having no major impact on foreign-exchange markets .
The shares of the major reserve currencies were stable , with the dollar accounting for 62 % of foreign-exchange reserves in 2009 and the euro 27 % .
But America 's large fiscal deficit , along with continuing uncertainty about its financial markets , mean that the dollar is also potentially vulnerable .
American policymakers expended considerable effort devising ways to support the pound , because they knew that the same factors that made the pound vulnerable also threatened the dollar .
The US economy would be highly vulnerable in the case of a euro collapse , so today 's lame ducks need to embrace each other .
In retrospect , many people have cast the shift as inevitable , but at the time it seemed wildly improbable .
Its financial system was unstable and prone to panics , and its political system was immature and prone to populism and nativism .
The turning point in this spring 's euro panic came when big holders of reserve currencies signaled that they saw the need for the euro as an alternative to the increasingly problematic dollar and the equally vulnerable yen .
The Depression had rendered capital markets incapable of absorbing large quantities of government -LRB- or , indeed , any other -RRB- debt .
That precedent should serve as a warning of how vulnerable governments and their finances can rapidly become , and of how fiscal policy can stand in the way of a monetary approach oriented toward stability .
For the past 200 years , with the exception of the Great Depression , major financial crises originated in poor and unstable countries , which then needed major policy adjustments .
In successive waves of painful crisis -- in Latin America in the 1980 's , and in East Asia after 1997 -- countries learned a better approach to economic policy and developed a more sustainable framework for managing public-sector debt .
Sovereign debt no longer looks stable .
In August 1982 , Mexico shocked the world by declaring that it was unable to service its debt .
A substantial immediate haircut on the sovereign debt of the vulnerable eurozone countries would be so destructive that it would set off a new round of bank panics .
And , in the longer term , we would have a viable international model of how to tackle severe sovereign-debt problems .
Would it not be desirable just to hide losses until uncertainty passed and confidence returned ?
The legal enforcement of honesty in keeping and reporting financial records is an indispensable feature of a well-functioning market economy .
The immediate cause of the protests against President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in Tunisia was WikiLeaks ' revelations of US diplomatic cables detailing the regime 's corruption .
The domino effect from the Tunisian revolution has produced further vivid accounts of corruption and deception , from Egypt and Libya to the Gulf , in each case stoking even greater anger and making more regimes vulnerable .
Given modern communications , a cover-up of the kind engineered by Mussolini in 1931 would most likely be unsustainable today .
Over the past 20 years , central banks around the world , including the United States Federal Reserve , pursued price stability with remarkable success .
But now , in the wake of the financial crisis , a tide of distrust is sweeping the world -- including a new and widespread fear that central banks are incapable of controlling inflation .
But central banks in both Europe and the US thought that a 2 % annual inflation rate would be a desirable target -LRB- for the Europeans a desirable maximum -RRB- .
Until 2007 , many people financed consumer purchases , whose prices were more or less stable , by borrowing against their houses , which were rapidly rising in value .
Dealing with seemingly intractable problems often takes time .
The common currency 's strength reflects problems elsewhere in the world , but a euro exchange rate that would enable the return of confidence and growth is no less elusive for that .
DSK , too , began his tenure at the IMF as a politician-in-exile , after emerging as French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's most formidable domestic opponent .
This should be a happy picture : the world is now better able to feed itself .
China , too , was paralyzed by inflation after the Second World War , leaving it vulnerable to food panics .
As in 1848 , the struggle for affordable food is producing discontent that transcends national frontiers , threatens established regimes , and fuels popular demand for a more just political order .
Their defenders point out that such companies often have a much longer-term vision than is true of managerial capitalism , which enables them to establish strong and enduring relationships with their customers and suppliers .
They are vulnerable to an Arab Spring -LRB- and a British summer -RRB- -- and maybe to a US autumn that will focus not just on the Murdochs ' business , but also on its interplay with politics .
Unlike in the early summer of 2010 , it has been largely stable relative to the dollar on foreign-exchange markets .
Then they awaken to the reality that not much has really changed , and that in a few weeks or months the problems will reappear in a seemingly even more intractable form .
Is n't that politically unthinkable ?
Most glaringly , the question of how to allocate the costs of some member countries ' unsustainable debt overhang has not been adequately addressed .
In a stable world of confident markets , small countries can rest easy with their own monetary regimes .
This variable makes an enormous difference in terms of whether debt will be regularly and promptly serviced .
Indeed , the Glorious Revolution enabled a revolution in finance .
With the liberalization of global financial markets that began in the 1970 's , foreign sources of credit became available .
In the 1990 's , the main attraction of monetary union for Italian and Spanish politicians was that the new currency would bring down interest rates and make foreign money available for cheap financing of government debt .
The economists ' commonplace that a monetary union demands a fiscal union is only part of a much deeper truth about debt and obligation : debt is rarely sustainable if there is not some sense of communal or collective responsibility .
But that requires substantially greater centralization of political accountability and control than Europeans seem able to achieve today .
The Great Depression of the late 1920 's and early 1930 's put an end to such behavior , which was suitable for a moderately crisis-prone world .
In the early 1930 's , monetary-policy incoherence paralyzed US policy , with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York locked in insurmountable conflict with the Chicago Fed over monetary easing -LRB- at that time through open-market securities purchases -RRB- .
What was initially seen as a problem in one country -LRB- Italy -RRB- toppled other currency regimes like dominos : Britain , Spain , and Portugal -- and , by July 1993 , even France was vulnerable .
But it also took away the one-way-bet character of speculative attacks on vulnerable currencies , and thus removed the fundamental driver of instability .
In fact , there is a rather surprising parallel for stable coexistence of two currencies over a long period of time .
This is one of the reasons why theorists such as Milton Friedman considered a bimetallic standard inherently more stable than a monometallic -LRB- gold-based -RRB- regime .
It would be kept stable by the institutions that already exist today , the European Central Bank and those national central banks that have no new alternative .
When the inevitable British devaluation came on September 20-21 , 1931 , many foreign central banks were badly hit and were blamed for mismanaging their reserves .
Reserves are also clearly important for countries that produce only a few goods -- especially commodity producers -- and thus face big and unpredictable swings in world market prices .
The fears were misplaced , because the world benefited from cheaper and more readily available products .
Thanks to German manufacturers , pianos were no longer restricted to aristocratic salons or the professional middle class , but began appearing in respectable working-class homes .
China can already see considerable problems in the medium term .
Japan in the second half of the 20th century had stable politics , due in large part to a good constitution and democratic institutions .
The Economic Benefits of Disease Control SAN FRANSISCO -- Large parts of the world have not enjoyed the remarkable global progress in health conditions that have taken place over the past century .
Indeed , millions of deaths in impoverished nations are avoidable with prevention and treatment options that the rich world already uses .
Measures to reduce risk factors other than smoking -- high intake of saturated animal fat , obesity , binge drinking of alcohol , physical inactivity , and low fruit and vegetable consumption -- have had little success .
The nascent Affordable Medicines Facility-malaria -LRB- AMFm -RRB- is a particularly attractive mechanism for committing resources to malaria control .
The US Institute of Medicine weighed in on the issue in a 2007 report : `` Given the strong evidence of its effectiveness in treating opioid dependence , opioid agonist maintenance treatment should be made widely available where feasible . ''
These initial considerations cover only a small range of the conceivable environmental effects of the Iraq war .
Tsunamis may make small , low islands uninhabitable .
Such major losses in fishing capacity , with their far-reaching negative socio-economic consequences on the human populations affected , are bound to have major , mostly favourable , effects on the fish stocks . The reason is simple : with most fish populations nowadays hit hard by over-fishing , fewer fishermen will mean more fish .
So it is reasonable to assume that the proportion of the total smuggled volume that is discovered is smaller than for narcotic drugs .
Most people find it easy to understand that being especially strong or fast , or able to withstand hunger , heat , or cold , can increase the chances of survival .
You must be able to draw a listening and cheering crowd to qualify for the elite .
Blowouts have become the most troublesome type of oil spills , and in deep water they tend to continue for a considerable time because of the difficulties faced in containing them .
The same addiction that became the top preventable cause of death in Western countries has made big inroads in developing countries .
Eleven years after its initial connection to the World Wide Web -LRB- WWW -RRB- , China 's access to the Internet is still guarded by firewalls , embedded in its proxy servers , which have proven to be more practical and impenetrable than the Berlin Wall .
But once someone 's fingertips touch the keyboard , the `` Kitchen Table Democracy '' of the Web no longer exists -- he or she may find themselves stepping into a trap , because the Internet Police monitor every word that is typed .
The online filtering technology is capable of blocking or intercepting the emails of the 80 million or so `` Net citizens '' in China .
Like the Berlin Wall , China 's Internet restrictions may be technically sound , even as they defend the indefensible and sustain the unsustainable .
Liu Xiaobo is demonstrating anew the unstoppable power of the powerless .
Japan , whose economic recovery is attributable largely to its deepening ties with China in recent years , is also eager to demonstrate that it regards China not as a threat but as an opportunity , as least in economic terms .
Littered with a host of extremely sensitive anniversaries , 2009 could prove even more dramatic and unpredictable than 2008 .
Though largely discredited inside the country , this militant movement still has a following around the world , and further protests may come at any time and in unpredictable forms .
To meet these challenges successfully , there is no viable alternative to a positive , continuous , and frank engagement between China and the rest of the world .
But the viability of Deng 's model is nearing its end , and China is now addicted to inefficient state-led fixed investment and unsustainable export-led growth , rather than domestic consumption , to generate jobs and growth .
When their time comes , the world will be dealing with a much more unpredictable power than the one we know now .
But the break-up , a decade later , of Standard Oil -- perhaps the most powerful company in the history of the world to that date -- was seen by mainstream opinion as completely reasonable .
The first is comprehensive tax reform aimed at aligning tax policy with desirable economic incentives .
The deduction is currently available on mortgages of up to $ 1 million , this forming a key component of America 's excessive incentives to buy houses -- a policy eschewed by most other industrialized countries .
This year 's health-care reform legislation , the Affordable Care Act -LRB- ACA -RRB- , is a starting point .
Patrick Honohan , the governor of Ireland 's central bank , has labeled the interest rates on Irish government bonds `` ridiculous '' -LRB- meaning ridiculously high -RRB- , and IMF researchers argue that default in Ireland and Greece is `` unnecessary , undesirable , and unlikely . ''
This is disconcertingly reminiscent of the spring -- when Jean-Claude Trichet , the ECB president , lashed out at a skeptical bond market and declared a Greek default unfathomable .
Investors naturally respond to unsustainable debt by selling bonds until interest rates become `` ridiculous . ''
Those high interest rates strangle businesses and households , causing further economic collapse and making debt ever more unsustainable .
As a result , emerging-market countries , aiming to ensure that they avoid needing financial support from the IMF in the foreseeable future , are increasingly following China 's lead and trying to ensure that they , too , run current-account surpluses .
Second , the US has run record current-account deficits over the past decade , as the political elite -- Republican and Democrats alike -- became increasingly comfortable with overconsumption .
The big problem is that the core of the world 's financial system has become unstable , and reckless risk-taking will once again lead to great collateral damage .
The Germans , responding to the understandable public backlash against taxpayer-financed bailouts for banks and indebted countries , are sensibly calling for mechanisms to permit `` wider burden sharing '' -- meaning losses for creditors .
If a country can support debt totaling 80 % of GNP -LRB- a rough but reasonable rule of thumb -RRB- , then we need approximately 50 % `` haircuts '' on this existing and forthcoming debt -LRB- reducing it to 75 % of its nominal value -RRB- .
They are right that Fannie and Freddie were `` too big to fail , '' which enabled them to borrow more cheaply and take on more risk -- with too little equity funding to back up their exposure .
Yet , in many ways , accumulating reserves worked better than anyone could have imagined -- countries found that they could withstand considerable shocks and growth was impressive both domestically and globally .
There were , of course , some less desirable spillover effects on others .
If a considerable fraction of the world economy wants to run a current-account surplus -LRB- by 2006 , this included much of emerging Asia , most oil exporters , and Japan -RRB- , an equal share of the world economy must run a deficit .
As long as US assets were attractive to residents of surplus countries -LRB- or there was an acceptable chain of investments from surplus countries that ended in the US -RRB- , these accumulations of reserves were sustainable .
But -- and here 's the point -- with its debts written off , the banking system is now recapitalized and able to support economic growth .
Despite a messy default , this fresh start has generated a remarkable turnaround .
The only means to refinance Greece 's debt at an affordable level would be to grant long-term , subsidized loans that ultimately would cover a large part of the liabilities coming due in the next 3-5 years .
And , even on such generous terms , Greece would probably need a daunting 10 % - of-GDP fiscal adjustment just to return to a more stable debt path .
With each passing day , it becomes more apparent that a restructuring of Greek debt is unavoidable .
Some form of default will almost surely be forced upon Greece , and this may be the most preferable alternative .
And default with an `` orderly '' restructuring would instantly set Greece 's finances on a sustainable path .
But in practice there is an insurmountable difficulty with this approach .
This enables the bigger banks to get bigger .
WASHINGTON , DC - -- America 's financial sector has shown renewed strength in recent months -- political strength , that is -- by undermining most of the sensible proposals for banking reform that remain on the table .
Most notable has been the work of Senator Ted Kaufman , a Democrat from Delaware -LRB- yes , a pro-business state -RRB- , who has pressed tirelessly to fix the most egregious problems in the US financial sector .
The amendment was moderate and entirely reasonable , yet it went down to defeat , 33-61 , also on May 6 .
Kaufman 's lasting legacy will be a simple and powerful idea that reasonable people increasingly find to be self-evident : relying on deregulation and self-interest in today 's complex , opaque markets will manifestly fail to produce a reasonable allocation of capital or support entrepreneurship and growth .
In each instance , the logic was impeccable .
In an almost unbelievable volte face , for reasons that remain somewhat mysterious , Obama 's administration itself shot down this approach .
The Next Industrial Revolution NEW YORK -- A new global deal to tackle climate change will not only be good for business , it is crucial to achieve sustainable growth for the global economy .
There is a considerable degree of heterogeneity in any population , so it is neither fair nor desirable that everyone should be forced to retire at the same age .
The hard part is obtaining the fissionable materials -- plutonium or highly enriched uranium .
But historical documents recently made available reveal something much stranger .
But that theory meshed with suspicious ease with the perceived domestic political need for the president to appear `` tough '' -- to avoid appearing `` less of a hawk than your more respectable opponents , '' as Bundy later put it .
There is unmistakable continuity between Joseph McCarthy 's attacks on President Harry Truman 's administration for `` losing '' China , and for supposed `` appeasement '' and even `` treason '' and Dick Cheney 's and Karl Rove 's refrains assailing Obama for opposing the Iraq war , not to mention Sarah Palin 's charge during the election campaign that Obama had been `` palling around with terrorists . ''
Now as then , the issue is whether the US is able to fail in a war without becoming unhinged .
Is it capable of learning from experience ?
Tea Party candidates have even hinted that armed resistance to the US government may soon be justifiable .
Its effect is to `` reveal official history as a joke , to demonstrate a sphere of secret influence of which the visible , traceable , and known historical reality was only the outward façade ... ''
Glenn Beck 's assault on Soros -- and the unmistakable stench of its atrocious antecedents -- suggests what sort of revolution they may have in mind .
India and the world watch such events in horror , unable to decide how to respond .
He foresaw `` a really stable and secure government in Pakistan , '' whose Muslim majority would treat minorities in their midst `` in a most generous way . ''
But Pakistani society is now an orphan , dependant almost totally on both the Pakistani Army and the all-pervasive Inter-Services Intelligence -LRB- ISI -RRB- , which has grown into a state within a state , answerable only to itself .
But this aspiration grossly misread both the present and the inherited historical reality , for Pakistan also wanted to be a legatee of British India -- a confused desire that made Pakistan more vulnerable to becoming a `` rented state '' than when it was part of either the Mughal or British Empire .
Analyzing the failed Times Square bombing , Ambassador Zafar Hilaly , a well-respected former Pakistani diplomat , wrote `` that nowhere else today have so many armed foreign outlaws been able to use the territory of a sovereign state to wage war for so long , and with such impunity , against other countries .
This growing alienation probably played a considerable part in US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton saying that deteriorating security in nuclear-armed Pakistan `` pose -LRB- d -RRB- a mortal '' threat to the US .
The Israelis then explained to their hosts -- in considerable detail -- the potential economic consequences for China if an Israeli strike on Iran should become necessary in order to stop Iran from fulfilling its `` nuclear ambitions . ''
Too many powerful countries now feel able to flex their diplomatic muscles in defense of their interests .
It needs more effective and more accountable governments .
But I also believe that the fundamentalist approach that can be sensed in certain circles is skirting the limits of the acceptable .
The common expression in France that great rivers are created out of tiny streams captures the sort of strategy for countering global warming through sustainable development that I believe could be effective .
What remains to be done is to share these efforts in a way that is fair and manageable for all countries .
Will we be able to implement cooperation mechanisms between countries such as the UN 's Collaborative Program on Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation in Developing Countries -- the REDD program -- so as to prevent deforestation and encourage technology transfer and financing ?
Economic Development Before the Law One of the most pervasive and apparently self-evident assumptions of development economics is that sustainable investment and growth requires the rule of law .
The results are undeniable : at peak times , mini-bus taxis hold 65 % of the entire commuter market .
To obtain sustainable results , policymakers need to accept that sometimes `` good enough is enough . ''
As a result , most Africans use biomass -LRB- animal and vegetable wastes and firewood -RRB- for lighting , cooking , and heating .
The common denominator across the region is that , while its economies were growing , they were unable to generate enough jobs .
All of this could have a significant impact on poor and vulnerable segments of the population , compounded by possible hikes in food prices and a further rise in unemployment .
As you read this , perfectly ordinary people somewhere in the world are doing unspeakable things to others .
Will we want to take them if they ever become available ?
But the rise of India and China means that the time-tested posture of Western democracies toward emerging states to `` do as we say , not as we do '' will become less tenable .
Every year , India struggles to reconcile the irreconcilable : stimulate economic growth and investment , alleviate endemic poverty , and feed a ravenous military appetite .
Water tables are dropping where farmers are lucky enough to have wells , and rainfall has become increasingly unpredictable .
Subsistence farming of traditional food grains , fruits , and vegetables is giving way to cash crops and monocultures dependent on high-priced inputs that small farmers can not afford and water that they ca n't provide .
A policy of expanding legitimate micro-lending schemes and prosecuting illegal loan sharks , not to mention the promotion of sustainable agricultural practices that require fewer expensive -LRB- and environmentally dangerous -RRB- inputs , would do far more to help India 's poorest farmers than this expensive and misguided measure .
It is conceivable that Mayawati Kumari , the self-appointed `` goddess '' of the poor whose low-caste-based party , the BSP , swept to power last year with a clear majority in Uttar Pradesh , could be the biggest winner in an early election .
Whether a more populist government would be able to break radically with India 's flawed fiscal policies and create an environment favorable to a dramatic improvement in India 's shamefully poor human and physical infrastructure -- which would give a solid boost to India 's economy over the long term -- remains to be seen .
The elements of a new Obama vision for the US-India relationship would be : an emergency joint task force to fast-track the development of sustainable solutions to meet India 's and the world 's burgeoning energy , water and food needs .
The move symbolically rejected what the incoming government abandoned upon assuming office : Gandhi 's vision of an equitable and sustainable agrarian society based on self-sufficient , pared-down consumption .
Many hope that the SARS crisis will encourage China 's leaders to become more transparent and accountable .
Neat binary concepts like `` peacetime '' and `` wartime '' are no longer viable .
Japan 's political leadership needs to be founded on a competitive but stable political structure .
Hence , Japan must be seen to be doing more to support its inseparable ally , as well as international peacekeeping efforts in general .
But , while Abe 's commitment to what he describes as `` future-oriented '' relations with China and South Korea represents a welcome departure from the Koizumi government 's record , his policy agenda in fact implies considerable continuity with Japan 's heightened focus on diplomacy and security issues .
Likewise , under Abe , Japan will develop its official development assistance , seek to secure stable energy supplies , and pursue permanent membership of the UN Security Council .
Thus , the prime minister 's office will more closely resemble the US White House , which he hopes will enable both countries to communicate their intentions continuously and reliably .
This would enable the prime minister 's assistants to `` command and instruct '' the relevant ministries and agencies .
Various approaches may be available for building a coalition of such powers , including the use of the UN and seeking to influence US foreign policy .
That alliance enabled Japan to help defeat Russia in the Russo-Japanese War -LRB- 1904-1905 -RRB- .
With China 's growing sense of itself as a superpower , resentment about the country being poorer and less admired than some other nations has become intolerable .
Perhaps inevitably , the recent anti-Japanese rage during the Asian Cup left most Japanese with a strong sense of China as an irreconcilable and unfriendly nation .
The draft NDPO 's vision of a new , more adaptable , mobile , flexible , and multi-purpose SDF , with advanced technological resources and information gathering capacity , calls for a fundamental reassessment of the existing organization and equipment .
If Japan does decide to scale down its defense forces in this respect , a bold and qualitative change is inevitable .
New legislation will be needed to enable amendments to the constitution , and this will take time and even more debate .
Given the current regional security environment -- international terrorism tied to local , Asian-based terrorists , various challenges to the security of vital sea lanes , North Korea 's search for nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles , and China 's rapid enhancement of its naval power -- , Asia today is far less stable and more complex than it was when Japan 's constitution was written .
These favorable and appropriate actions will allow Japan , for the first time in its postwar history , to meet the international community 's requests in a timely way .
Japan needs to be able to back up the Security Council with men , and hence share the political risk , as well as the cost , of the UN 's efforts to maintain world peace .
But for the last three centuries , China has had no global maritime strategy , nor has it possessed -- or sought to possess -- naval forces capable of supporting such a strategy .
In the past , such a combination of countries was almost unthinkable , and these exercises can not be explained away as simple `` one-off '' affairs with little resonance .
Russia 's uniqueness stems instead from the high rate of early death among males , which is directly attributable to poor diet and high consumption of alcohol and tobacco , and , indirectly , to the stresses caused by the wrenching economic and political changes that began with Gorbachev 's perestroika 20 years ago .
This year , however , the palpable relief and celebration will be tempered by the widely shared sense that all is not well in America .
From the Middle East to the war on terror and efforts to curtail the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , Russia should be a valuable partner .
In our immediate neighborhood , Belarus 's President Alexander Lukashenko ignored warnings from Russia and went ahead with a referendum that enables him to remain president for life .
Countries not included in any of the current security systems would be able to join in the treaty and receive multilateral guarantees .
And , because of the country 's comparative lack of `` soft power '' -- social , cultural , and economic attractiveness -- it stands ready to use the competitive advantages -LRB- i.e. , its resource wealth -RRB- available to it .
This emerging values gap is not an insurmountable obstacle to geostrategic rapprochement .
Without Russia , which will remain the world 's third strongest power for the foreseeable future , it is impossible to solve the key problems of international security .
Nevertheless , the treaty is a considerable achievement .
The world system on which past discussions of nuclear weapons were based has become almost unrecognizable , calling into question the adequacy of the mentality and concepts inherited from that system .
Now that Russia has restored its capability , such a move would be unthinkable .
Instead of focusing on the real problem , namely the increasingly unstable international order , it is trying to apply Cold War-era concepts of disarmament .
What is most needed nowadays is clear thinking about how to live with an expanding club of nuclear states while keeping the world relatively stable .
With communism 's collapse and Russia temporarily disabled , self-deterrence softened , and the US ran off the rails as the global hyperpower .
It behaved in ways that would have been unthinkable before -- for example , its attacks on Yugoslavia , Afghanistan , and Iraq .
But this does not spoil their remarkable bilateral relations ; on the contrary , it improves them .
Russia will not be able to develop the region on its own . And developing it with China alone could prove to be a dangerous strategy .
As long as we remain unable to make ourselves think and act in a civilized way , we can -- indeed , we must -- ensure that we do not become barbaric .
In the absence of such common policy , the EU and its leading members will remain in the second league of world-class players for the foreseeable future .
Many countries that achieved independence as a result of the national liberation movements of the 1940 's -1990 's have proved themselves incapable of creating the conditions of normal life within their territories .
Moreover , many of these regimes are simply ineffectual and will collapse or dramatically change in the foreseeable future .
In the Middle East and Central Asia , this policy seems at times to have assumed predominance comparable to that of the former doctrine of deterrence deployed against the Soviet Union and its Communist allies .
Restructuring must start with the UN Security Council , whose 1945 mandate is no longer viable .
Moreover , in order to deny terrorists institutional support , we must bring institutional strength to Afghanistan . We must enable Afghans to look after themselves and defend their country , to have a future in Afghanistan , to have hope of raising their children in Afghanistan .
Such hypocrisy would be laughable if global economic conditions were n't so dire that even countries that once swore never again to deal with the IMF have returned to its door , cap in hand .
When Leon Rozenblit and I uncovered the illusion and its specificity , we ran an extensive series of studies exploring why explanatory understanding is so vulnerable to a false sense of knowing .
One can understand how a computer `` works '' in terms of the high-level functions of the mouse , the hard drive , and the display while not having any understanding of the mechanisms that enable a cursor to move when a mouse is moved , or allow information to be stored and erased , or control pixels on a screen .
The illusion of explanatory depth may stop us at just about the right level of understanding , one that enables us to know how to get more information from others when we really need it without being overwhelmed .
The one option that should not be on the table is US ground troops ; no one wants to see US forces bogged down in another war , especially in another Muslim country .
The decaying Soviet regime was unable to crush Russia 's growing democratic movement -- it would take Vladimir Putin to do that a decade later .
Only its own citizens could do that , but Herzen 's package deal seems to prevent that : just like the Tibetans , the Uighurs elicit not Han solidarity , but a braying for their blood -- somewhat understandable , given that ordinary Han in Lhasa and Urumqi were made to pay with their own for China 's misdeeds .
Iraq 's leading Shiite cleric , Ayatollah Ali Sistani , has not been able to act independently and has avoided opposing Iranian policies toward Iraq in order to protect his fragile network of institutions .
Ahmedinejad 's election two years ago came with great expectations , with the new president pledging to `` bring oil prices to the dining table of all households in Iran , '' and to crack down on corruption .
Last summer , more than 150,000 women were arrested in Tehran for wearing `` bad veils , '' and barber shops have been given specific instructions on acceptable hairstyles for young men .
His foremost rival , Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , a former president who Ahmedinejad defeated to win the post , has had a remarkable reversal of fortune , reemerging as leader of the Assembly of Experts , the powerful body that elects Iran 's Supreme Leader and that can even remove a Supreme Leader from office .
The economy remains the one area of Iranian life where Ahmedinejad retains considerable power .
In diplomacy , Khamenei tends to operate in a clever but recognizable fashion .
Each claims to be acting with the Supreme Leader 's full authority , but ultimately are unable to make commitments because they have little idea of what Khamenei wants to do .
Who will actually win the vote is unpredictable , but not because Iran is democratic .
In order to manage the economic crisis successfully , any president must not only shift economic policy , but also amass enough political power to be able to thwart the intervention of the Revolutionary Guards and other organizations in economic policy-making .
If a reformer is to win he must prove that he will be able to sway Iran 's political structures toward a reform agenda .
Even if any reformer does become president , will he be able to overcome his differences with the Supreme Leader ?
Indeed , it is a reliable guide to his political philosophy .
Hossein Saffar Harandi , a former minister of culture and Islamic guidance , expressed this fear when he said that `` citizens who want the government to be accountable before the people -LRB- are -RRB- part of a soft war against the Islamic Republic . ''
Both his political legitimacy and religious authority are highly questionable , and the street violence and prison brutality of recent months has undermined his authority and shaken his social base .
Consumed with their test of wills , they are unable to make well-informed and nuanced decisions in their dealings with outsiders .
The challenge posed by Ahmadinejad is such a predictable part of Iranian politics that it has come to be known as `` the president 's symptom . ''
That raises an even more troubling question : If such `` independent '' decision-makers exist , are they able to affect Iran 's nuclear policy , too ?
Indian influence will no doubt exploit assets less available to others , particularly the Indian diaspora in countries like South Africa , Kenya , Tanzania , and Nigeria .
Olam was started by Indians in Nigeria and remains a world-beating trader in cotton , coffee , cashews and the like . To succeed , Olam has had to work `` up-country '' - -- a euphemism for difficult conditions far from comfortable port cities -- requiring it to rely on Indians ' familiarity with , and willingness to work in , Africa 's interior .
One recent theater of -LRB- dis -RRB- content is that of renewable fuels .
In this vein , Brazil 's experience at promoting renewable fuels , beginning in the 1970 's , is directly relevant to today 's polarized views of industrial policy .
Today , Brazil is the world 's most competitive producer of renewable fuels , based primarily on bioethanol .
In addition , the government induced Petrobras to distribute the renewable fuel . Gas stations installed ethanol pumps .
Impoverished populations desperately require lighting , fuel for cooking , affordable and accessible health care , clean water , elementary education , and financial services .
Government programs to supply these needs are plagued with corruption -LRB- by some estimates 50-70 % of all welfare spending in India is stolen -RRB- and unable to provide quality services .
Moreover , large companies have been unable to serve these populations ' needs , because to do so would require them to reinvent their existing business models around new product , distribution , and pricing paradigms .
Only when such systems are firmly established will the poor be able to participate in today 's vast global economy .
At the end of a day digging coal , teaching children , or waiting tables , Russians now want reasonable services , a logical tax system , and regular paychecks .
Whatever anthem , old or new or none at all , under which these things appear will be deemed suitable , and maybe even be sung .
I sat at the end of the table , not paying attention to their conversation .
For years , their bravery in bringing about Soviet communism 's end created such goodwill that both Yeltsin and Shevardnadze seemed to be able to draw on endless support in the West .
A professor of French at Tbilisi University says that `` 75 % of high school graduates who enter the university no longer know even the multiplication table , let alone French or other foreign languages . ''
Moreover , teacher salaries have plummeted to 25-40 larys -LRB- 12 - 19 $ -RRB- a month , so that `` learning is no longer separable from a bribe . ''
Both Zhvania and Saakashvili offer plausible alternatives to his rule , and appear far more capable of building a functioning democracy and market economy in Georgia .
Yet he is nowhere near as vulnerable , thanks to his widespread grassroots support among ordinary Russians .
In the Soviet era , the distances between Russia and its neighbors became unbridgeable chasms , with the USSR ringed either by hostile states or weak , servile ones .
But Yeltsin could never get over Russia 's lost superpower status ; his periodic growls to assert Russia 's wounded pride ultimately made him seem unreliable .
Despite Communists ' self-proclaimed `` divine right '' to a monopoly on power , other systems have proven far more vulnerable to monarchist seizures .
A glimpse of what it meant to be the child of a very top leader can be found in Svetlana Stalin 's account of her brother , Vasily . `` He lived in a big government dacha with an enormous staff , a stable and kennels , all of course at government expense ...
Putin 's all-encompassing popularity , which is genuine , and his blurring of all political dividing lines has given him an unassailable position .
The emergence of viable political parties requires a strong parliament .
This bizarre brew appears to have been concocted in an effort to reconcile the irreconcilable : the current yearning for democracy with Russia 's despotic past .
So , when Yeltsin 's American-style democratization of the 1990 's failed to bring `` orderly '' capitalism instantly , Putin on his accession imposed a restoration of state `` order , '' as if a stable political or economic system demanded a fusing of the Soviet past with the Orthodox Church and Mother Russia imagery .
But his recent attempts to use Russia 's energy resources for political coercion in Georgia , Ukraine , Belarus and elsewhere have exposed Russia as an unreliable partner , unnerving even the Chinese , who do not wish to see a reconstituted Russian empire on their border .
In Russia , however , the KGB is famous for turning the tables in any struggle with the Kremlin apparat . So no one but Yeltsin and Berezovsky was surprised when Putin , their supposed marionette , began pulling the strings .
This week , Putin told the United Russia party that he will place his name at the top of its ballot for the parliamentary election scheduled for December 2 , which could enable him to become Russia 's new prime minister after the presidential election due in March 2008 .
So any future Prime Minister Putin will be able to say -- hey , I rule under the ultra-democratic Italian parliamentary model .
By contrast , successful democracies believe that nobody is irreplaceable .
But , as predictable as Russia 's undemocratic system of governance usually is , the country does defy expectations once in a while .
Given this imperative , an architectural language of bombast and gigantism was almost inevitable .
Yes , the Kremlin was able to smack down the uppity Mikheil Saakashvili 's hope of reuniting his country by force . But the world saw in Russia 's onslaught against so puny an antagonist a thuggish state determined to recapture its lost empire .
All the post-Cold War certainties in Europe melted away , and with them went Putin 's reputation as a reliable manager of Russia 's economy .
That first war among socialist states shattered the myth of inviolable `` fraternal '' bonds between the Soviet Union and the captive nations of Eastern Europe .
After all , the Soviet Union collapsed not because of Ronald Reagan 's military build-up in the 1980 's , with which communism was unable to compete , but because the Soviet command economy had already become obsolete in the 1970 's .
Vladimir Putin 's Potemkin Nation MOSCOW -- `` Image is everything '' might be a viable credo if you are the house of Gucci or a catwalk model , but it is definitely not appropriate as a national strategy .
The world 's changing before them and they 're clinging to something in the past that 's not sustainable . '' So long as the façade holds , Russians will continue to cling to Putin 's illusion of power .
The exchange rate has been adjusted , and , given international conditions , is relatively stable , underpinning Ukraine 's international competitiveness .
At considerable domestic political risk , Tymoshenko concluded a long-term gas transit and purchase agreement with Russia that is transparent and market-oriented , as well as a far-reaching agreement with the European Union , the World Bank , the EBRD , and the European Investment Bank on reform of Ukraine 's gas sector and gas-transit system .
The Katyn massacre was a direct result , with Stalin ordering the mass murder of Poland 's elite in order to decapitate Polish society and thus make it more pliable .
To avoid an even worse alternative , the United States and Europe should support the Putin-Medvedev tandem , in the hope that they provide a stable and secure environment for investment .
But neither Khrushchev , nor Mikhail Gorbachev , nor Boris Yeltsin were able to uproot Russia 's stubborn culture of indifference and subordination , precisely because they insisted on top-down change and expected that the Russian people would simply acquiesce en masse .
But it is these people -- motorists , volunteer ecologists , and charitable-campaign organizers -- rather than Russia 's politicians who represent the country 's best hope for modernization .
Yet he rigged those elections nonetheless : in the KGB tradition , people are simply too unpredictable to be left uncontrolled .
History also teaches us that , despite their inertia , Russians are capable of turning on their government , as they did in 1917 and 1991 .
But even as I push my brand of `` Asian '' diplomacy , it can sometimes feel a bit lonely to be an Asian at the international community 's diplomatic roundtable .
I expect particularly great things of my fellow Koreans , a remarkable people who have come into their own .
Third , both sides are staying at the table .
Africa 's Avoidable AIDS Crisis
NEW YORK -- At Uganda 's largest AIDS clinic , I recently witnessed a remarkable celebration of life .
At the International AIDS Conference in Vienna , in July , I hope that the international community will rally around UNAIDS ' launch of Treatment 2.0 -- the next generation of HIV treatment , which must be more affordable , more effective , and accessible to all .
Admirable as these collective efforts may be , they are simply not sufficient .
Essential medicines and materials are in short supply : water purification tablets , chlorine disinfectant , antibiotics , jerry cans , soap , water cisterns , and construction material for latrines .
Investment in basic infrastructure is critical -- clean water , sanitation , healthcare , education , and durable shelter .
In December 2009 in Copenhagen , world leaders talked far into the night , and emerged , according to the conventional wisdom , with virtually nothing . In fact , though we did not get a comprehensive , legally binding treaty that would usher in an era of sustainable , low-carbon prosperity , as we had hoped , there were significant achievements in Copenhagen .
The conventional wisdom will tell you that the MDGs targets -- reducing poverty and hunger , improving the health of mothers and children , combating HIV\/AIDS , increasing access to education , protecting the environment , and forging a global partnership for development -- are simply unattainable .
Recognizing that global recovery depends on the emerging economies -- that is , the developing world -- G-20 leaders embraced investments aimed at lifting the world 's most vulnerable people out of poverty .
We must be faster and more flexible , efficient , transparent , and accountable .
Just one or two countries should not be able to block the organization 's work indefinitely .
We do know that the baby will enter a world of vast and unpredictable change -- environmental , economic , geopolitical , technological , and demographic .
At a time when all nations are experiencing individual challenges , we need to forge a worldwide common agenda that can help to ensure that the seven billionth baby and future generations grow up in a world characterized by sustainable peace , prosperity , freedom , and justice .
In the next five years , we need to create a new economic vision for sustainable development and forge global consensus on a binding climate change agreement .
Yet those living in nations where human rights are abused have never been so vulnerable .
The United Nations is the champion of the most vulnerable .
But the UN 's Member States must be accountable as well .
With the help of many countries and friends , my country was able to get back on its feet and carry on after that terrible and devastating conflict .
Like South Korea 's own experience in fighting poverty , Millennium Villages in Africa , and similar projects elsewhere , are now surging ahead in food production , children 's health , and in forging a sustainable pathway out of poverty itself .
They know that extreme poverty threatens the lives of hundreds of millions of people who lack reliable access to adequate nutrition , potable water , health care , and education .
Put aside the familiar arguments -- that the science is clear , that climate change represents an indisputable existential threat to the planet , and that every day we do not act the problem grows worse .
Only sustainable development -- a global embrace of green growth -- offers the world , rich countries as well as poor , an enduring prospect of long-term social well-being and prosperity .
Visiting `` Silicon Valley '' in California last year , I saw how investment has been pouring into new renewable-energy and fuel-efficiency technologies .
More than two million people in the advanced industrial nations today find work in renewable energy .
We know that the poorest of the world 's poor are the people most vulnerable to climate change .
They are also the most vulnerable to the shocks of the financial crisis .
The obstacles to disarmament are formidable . But the costs and risks of its alternatives never get the attention they deserve .
The world would also welcome a resumption of bilateral negotiations between the US and Russia aimed at deep and verifiable reductions of their arsenals .
One day a major bank , insurance company , or automaker announces a record loss . The next brings word about the impact on nations and peoples least able to cope with these blows -- the poorest of the world 's poor .
All this is desirable .
Nor can we allow the financial crisis to become a reason for neglecting other critical issues : unacceptable levels of poverty and hunger , the food crisis , climate change .
They must be sustainable , so that we are not merely throwing money at problems but , instead , are using those funds to lay the foundations of a more stable and prosperous future .
These policymakers know that investment in alternative fuels and eco-friendly technologies will deliver a massive future pay-off in terms of a safer environment , energy independence , and sustainable growth .
We will never usher in an era of sustainable prosperity in the absence of a big , global push , with all nations moving in the same direction .
The challenges we face as a community of nations today are increasingly those of collaboration and cooperation : fighting climate change , rebuilding the global financial system , and promoting sustainable development .
Today the world is at another turning point . The assumption that nuclear weapons are indispensable to keeping the peace is crumbling . Disarmament is back on the global agenda -- and not a moment too soon .
It also bears remembering that 60 % of the world 's population dies of non-communicable illnesses such as cancer or heart disease .
That is why , in speaking about development and the stability of nations , we place such emphasis on health , particularly of the most vulnerable , and why , at a time of multiple crises , we will take up the issue of health this week in New York .
The harsh reality behind these figures is this : mothers , very often young , are dying for lack of what most of us take for granted in the twenty-first century -- access to affordable health care .
Failure to mobilize the resources and muster the political will to put an end to this senseless tragedy would be unforgivable .
This unequal investment is neither equitable nor efficient .
Pregnancy is one of the most vulnerable times for poor women ; 99 % of the 529,000 women who die annually from pregnancy-related complications live in developing countries .
Making reproductive services available to women who can not afford to pay their way can help prevent these deaths .
Nearly 20 % of women in developing countries report that they would like to stop having more children but are not using any form of contraception or family planning , possibly because reproductive services are not available .
Microfinance institutions , such as Bangladesh 's Grameen Bank , play a vital role in allowing self-employed women to build profitable businesses .
In 2004 , the European Union , the United States , and a good part of the international community invested considerable energy in trying to resolve the conflict once and for all .
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has given his full blessing to a negotiated settlement , and , similar to 2004 , Turkey supports the Turkish Cypriots ' willingness to find a viable solution to the division of Cyprus under the UN umbrella .
The isolation of the Turkish Cypriots , who opted in favor of an internationally acceptable solution , can not be sustained any longer .
Turkey has become an invaluable asset in the make-up of our surrounding regions , and is already changing the status quo in favor of more stability and predictability .
Moreover , the benefits of Turkey 's influence in its immediate neighborhood can be realized only if the EU proceeds in a more honest and robust way with the accession process , and if the US begins to treat Turkey as an indispensable partner in the region .
My audience included business leaders who hope to profit from cap-and-trade policies and from subsidies for renewable energy and `` green '' jobs .
So I am amazed to see people going along with the currently fashionable political argument that policies like cap-and-trade , government mandates , and subsidies for renewable energy can actually benefit an economy .
The policy change aimed at rectifying this grim reality in Serbia came when the Ministry agreed to apply country wide a pilot project that has , since 2003 , established a range of community-based support services to enable persons with intellectual disabilities to leave the institutions where they were confined and begin living lives in the wider world .
That pilot project demonstrated that people with mental disabilities are capable of living as equal citizens when they receive appropriate assistance .
This approach is not only inhumane , but also economically untenable : leaders in these countries should be encouraged to redirect scarce law enforcement , court , and prison resources towards more pressing causes .
Ali Ben Bongo 's accession in Gabon showed that even sizeable challenges posed by a largely unplanned transition can be overcome , but in Cameroon the succession is likely to be less smooth .
But it remains questionable whether the region 's new faces can end the old patterns of mismanagement and abuse .
The problem is that Hatoyama , in backing away from the agreed plan , has no viable alternative to offer .
People are discovering that Hatoyama is incapable of making -- and sticking with -- a decision .
This is not a favorable situation for Japan , the US , or , indeed , the entire world .
The scale of China 's defeat stunned Deng , and historians often credit the PLA 's miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at China 's moribund Maoist system .
An agricultural miracle has transformed a country of nearly 90 million people who were once barely able to feed themselves into a global food-exporting powerhouse .
With Vietnam 's emergence as a pivotal player in Asia , we are able to view the Vietnam War in the context of the US strategy of global containment , which led it to defend not only South Vietnam , but also South Korea and Taiwan -- `` the three fronts , '' as Mao Zedong put it .
Food often remains unavailable in rural areas .
Indeed , mesmerized by China 's vast military buildup , a new constellation of strategic partnerships among its neighbors , and America 's revitalized commitment to Asian security , many shrewd observers suggest that 2010 saw the first sparks of a new Cold War in Asia . But is `` Cold War II '' really inevitable ?
Although appeasing China 's drive for hegemony in Asia is unthinkable , every realistic effort must be made to avoid militarization of the region 's diplomacy .
In 2011 we may begin to see whether those incentives lead China 's rulers to re-appraise their diplomatic conduct , which has left them with only the corrupt , basket case economies of Burma and North Korea as reliable friends in Asia .
Indeed , there is considerable talk among Western security services that the recently disclosed centrifuges were not actually assembled in the Nyeongbyeon facility , implying that Kim 's regime is hiding another facility .
Now we know that the unthinkable is possible .
Perhaps equally important , many people in Asia are also debating whether the region would be able to rebalance itself should the US scale back its military presence .
In constructing a viable strategy , deepening Japan 's partnerships with Asia 's great democracies -- India , Indonesia , and South Korea -- must be a priority .
The growing congruence of strategic interests led to the 2008 Japan-India security agreement , a significant milestone in building a stable geo-political order in Asia .
TOKYO -- Despite the relentless shift of global economic might to Asia , and China 's rise as a great power -- the central historical events of our time , which will drive world affairs for the foreseeable future -- America 's focus has been elsewhere .
This has made bilateral negotiations to settle these disputes unviable .
In South Korea , the remarkable Park Guen-hye 's bid to become her country 's first woman president may provide an excuse -- as if any were needed -- for North Korean mischief-making .
What is needed , and badly , is a nonpartisan body to find a sustainable way to pay for the country 's social security programs .
Although Ozawa retains considerable influence and so may be able to exercise his will on the DPJ , this must not be allowed to happen .
Of course , serious leaders like former prime ministers Yasahiro Nakasone and Junichiro Koizumi were able to overcome this `` shadow shogun '' system over the years , but no democracy can depend on great leaders being elected every time there is a vote .
As a result , China is making the task of developing amicable regional relations almost impossible .
In Asia , the hope today is that Clinton 's visit will enable China 's rulers to understand that it is primarily in Asia that their country 's overall international role is being tested and shaped .
The appointment of a new UN envoy should prove a more efficient way of coordinating Afghanistan 's international helpmates . And it is to be hoped that whoever is chosen may be able to foster the grand bargain between the US and EU that is so badly needed .
In any case , the ability of the Pakistani military to deal with the current threat , let alone a widespread insurgency , is questionable , as is Western leverage on Pakistan 's security forces .
As a result , loss of control of parts of Pakistan to an increasingly capable alliance of militant groups is a serious near-term threat .
But none of these will be able to chart a way forward for transatlantic cooperation . Moreover , they risk repeating the standard pattern of US-European cooperation : the US as the policy developer and Europe as the apolitical and hesitant money-spender .
In 1955 , the West was even strong enough to sign up a remarkable cast of Turkey , Iraq , Iran , and Pakistan in a kind of West Asian NATO known as the Baghdad Pact .
Finally , the US no longer has a string of relatively stable clients in the region .
Also surprising is the increase in Argentina 's domestic savings rate , which has enabled self-financing of investment -- which has doubled -- and , paradoxically , capital outflows .
Moreover , the international situation for Argentina is highly favorable , with excellent terms of trade guaranteeing strong performance for producers of raw materials .
Today , the macroeconomic , business , and international context is extremely favorable for Argentina -- as it is for all countries with abundant natural resources , a strong capacity for enterprise and innovation , and a qualified labor force .
A floating currency is inevitable as China liberalizes its capital market and eliminates restrictions on international capital movements ; otherwise , China would have to surrender control over its money supply and interest rates to the US .
As long as US policy supported stable prices in world markets , the system worked well , notwithstanding the asymmetry and built-in conflict over the control of monetary policy .
Revaluation upward , the inevitable result of floating the renminbi , would increase the burden of renminbi-denominated debt , making the balance sheet problems of Chinese banks and state-owned enterprise harder to correct .
Floating the renmimbi can -- and should -- wait until China 's bank balance sheet problems have been addressed and its monetary system and capital markets become more developed and ready to play a stable role in global finance .
But , at larger distances , comparable to the proton radius , the force becomes really strong , and a very large number of gluons is involved , forming complicated structures that are not well known today .
Indeed , the first strategic nuclear arms reductions were not agreed upon until two decades later with the START-2 Treaty of 1993 , a time when relations between Moscow and Washington had become more reasonable and realistic .
Today , it is not only the superpowers who are capable of blackmailing the world with `` super-murder . ''
Russia is as vulnerable as any country to such blackmail .
Otherwise Russia may look like a country whose main interest is in maintaining an option where all of America is vulnerable to nuclear blackmail .
In September , Catherine Ashton , the EU 's High Representative for Foreign Affairs , succeeded in breaking the deadlock in Serbia-Kosovo relations by bringing both sides back to the negotiating table .
Moreover , they no longer know how their economies will be able to grow in post-crisis Europe .
The French referendum will determine the political fate of French President Jacques Chirac -- not France 's commitment to Europe , which is fixed and immutable .
Just because European governments have failed to put bread on their constituents ' tables does n't mean that the European Central Bank should likewise fail in its job of promoting price stability in the euro zone .
Some on the Governing Council have grown uncomfortable that euro-zone interest rates have stayed so low , at 2 % , for so long -LRB- more than two years -RRB- .
Blame-game politicians like Berlusconi , who have failed to put bread on the table , their minions in the media , and Keynesian economic professors who do n't understand and misrepresent Keynes sustain this distorted view .
The inevitable result is persistent high unemployment and labor immobility .
Finally , while Europe 's left may be boastfully proclaiming in Katrina 's wake , `` Thank God for our social solidarity , '' there is considerable doubt even about what `` our '' actually means .
The unwillingness of frustrated minorities to accept consensus may well require the ECB president to take more control of the governing board than it has been used to in the past or , indeed , feel comfortable with in the future .
Indeed , even the markets were fooled , giving the ECB a good grade for its unremarkable rate hike .
In an interview with Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung , for example , Bundesbank president Axel Weber made it clear that future rate hikes were very much on the table .
Superior German economic performance has bid up the euro and European interest rates to levels that , while comfortable for the Germans , put pressure on the euro zone 's laggards .
But the prospect of permanent stagnation for countries like France , Italy , and Portugal is unacceptable .
Naturally , politicians are reluctant to face up to choices between the unacceptable -LRB- permanent stagnation -RRB- , the unthinkable -LRB- leaving the euro -RRB- , and the hard-to-do -LRB- reform -RRB- .
The hard-to-do is preferable to the unacceptable and the unthinkable .
While the EU 's member states have proved themselves capable of putting aside their differences when forging a common monetary policy , a common foreign policy has proved more elusive .
Not only has Bush destroyed Iran 's most formidable enemy and bogged down US troops in a hopeless cause ; he also has enriched energy-abundant Iran and Russia by pursuing a war that has dramatically raised energy prices .
A perfect storm is forming in the foreign exchange markets that threatens to catapult the euro to levels that will make even the euro-zone 's most efficient exporter -- Germany -- unable to compete in world markets .
But the ECB has made it clear not only that interest rate cuts are not on the table -- it is merely postponing , not abandoning , the interest rate increase originally planned for September .
Some are recalcitrant and are more than willing to see the euro rise because , with rate hikes off the table , the strong euro may be the only way left for fighting the incipient inflation they fear .
But this policy is unsustainable .
Thus , the US slowdown affects European exports in two ways . It has an indirect effect on European exports to Asia , which can be sizeable because the US market is so important for Asian exports .
The ECB 's inflationary bias will most likely be dropped , as the effect of the financial crisis and the US slowdown sends Europe 's economy into a spin that even the ever-optimistic ECB will be unable to deny .
It was predictable that China 's currency peg would have this effect .
This is not true for France &#45; &#45; but the answer is obvious : reduce costs and France too will be able to cope with the strong euro .
Even if the unions win large wage increases -- which is very likely and entirely justifiable given their past restraint -- this will have only a negligible effect on Europe 's price stability .
Everyone , including bellicose trade unionists , tends to become more reasonable when the economy turns south .
Had that happened , there would have been an unacceptable risk that the news would leak to speculators before Société Générale had a chance to liquidate the extraordinary large stock positions that Jérôme Kerviel had amassed , presumably without the bank 's knowledge .
Inflationary expectations are stable , and the Governing Council runs smoothly .
The fledgling bank earned enormous credibility , but also considerable enmity , by sticking to its anti-inflation mandate .
It 's time for a pause in European integration efforts if only to avoid a complete , irreparable rupture of relations between nations that are supposed to be uniting .
The system is very elastic , and has shown itself able to accommodate an increasing number of states .
He has no specific program or strong ideas , but he speaks in a clear and reasonable way -LRB- he calls himself liberal-conservative -RRB- that is very different from the mechanical party language of the postcommunists and rightists .
They were succeeded by leaders such as Bill Clinton , Gerhard Schroeder , and Tony Blair . Suddenly `` weak '' government became fashionable -- up to a point .
No imaginable solution to their plight seems available .
You can deplore such social feelings , as I do , but the myth of the Polish peasant hero standing against communist collectivization on his small private plot seems ineradicable , even if it is undeserved .
Pigs eating greedily from the family table .
Some things , some values that constitute both the faith and membership in the Catholic Church , are neither conservative nor liberal or progressive ; they are fundamental , inevitable and immutable .
But this is true only for those needs which are ` solvent , ' insofar as they are endowed with purchasing power , and for those resources which are ` marketable , ' insofar as they are capable of obtaining a satisfactory price . ''
It is possible for the financial accounts to be in order , and yet for the people -- who make up the firm 's most valuable asset -- to be humiliated and their dignity offended .
If we believe , as the Catholic Church believes , that human beings bear the burden of original sin , but are perfectible ; that human beings can understand what is good and bad and can choose between them because we have free will , then approval of the free market is understandable and not naive .
A formal , mutually acceptable partition of Kosovo -- a territorial exchange of the type that almost everyone concedes is the only viable solution to the Israel-Palestine conflict -- could achieve a full and final settlement .
Moreover , the UN and EU contingents , and the NATO forces in Kosovo , have been unable or unwilling to enforce the government 's writ in Ibarski Kola¨in , and scant attention has been paid to its shambolic economy .
In contrast to this neglect , Serbia 's government -- at considerable cost -- maintains a large public payroll and parallel administration so as to retain its influence .
What might clinch a final , mutually acceptable settlement would be an offer by Serbia to hand over a part of its territory in the Albanian-majority Pre¨evo valley , on Kosovo 's eastern flank .
Dobrica ?osi? , a Serbian writer and political theorist , proposed it in the 1970 's , perhaps mindful of the inevitable fragility of post-Tito Yugoslavia .
Only such international intransigence -- and that of the Kosovo government -- stands in the way of partition as an equitable and fair solution .
Kosovo 's apparent unwillingness to compromise until now can be partly blamed on its unstable political landscape -LRB- the government collapsed in late October and fresh elections were called -RRB- .
The status quo is untenable in the longer term .
Unable to cope with the downturn , the right was replaced by another SLD-led government in 2001 .
Since the full fury of the economic crisis hit in mid-2008 , the World Bank has delivered a record $ 88 billion of assistance for infrastructure , targeted safety nets , and private-sector investment to cushion the most vulnerable and to spur job creation .
Beyond the economy , Lee has been faced with charges of appointing officials with questionable ethics and of heavy-handed leadership -LRB- his nickname is `` Bulldozer '' -RRB- , which is reflected in efforts to push through a controversial cross-country canal system and an unpopular proposal to privatize the healthcare system .
To be sure , as North Korea seemingly snubbed the international community in recent years , there was considerable popular discontent with the previous two administrations ' `` sunshine '' policy , which emphasized peaceful cooperation prior to eventual Korean unification .
While trying to build on the limited progress of recent years , they will have to confront a number of additional obstacles in building a cohesive and sustainable peace on the Korean Peninsula .
But Asia not only has the type of stable common ethical foundations that were so important to European integration ; it also has a well developed set of moral principles , some of which were an established part of Asian culture long before similar principles were adopted in Europe .
Of course , Asia does not yet have a cohesive core culture comparable to that of Europe , which is founded on the Judeo-Christian tradition and the Enlightenment .
In Hinduism : `` One should not behave towards others in a way which is disagreeable to oneself .
Unforeseeable state debt -- at the cost of coming generations -- is neither a viable nor an ethical solution .
We must develop a spirit of compassion with those who suffer , with special care for the children , the aged , the poor , the disabled , the refugees , and the lonely ;
? We must cultivate mutual respect and consideration , so as to reach a reasonable balance of interests , instead of thinking only of unlimited power and unavoidable competitive struggles ;
? We must value a sense of moderation and modesty instead of an unquenchable greed for money , prestige , and consumption .
In view of the oppressive -- and unprecedented -- abundance of problems with which Obama is confronted at home and abroad , he will certainly not be able to fulfill all expectations .
The third reason for pursuing dialogue is that factional infighting and political intrigue within the Iranian regime make for considerable political fluidity .
DURHAM -- In setting himself ablaze following a humiliating encounter with the police , the university-educated Tunisian vegetable seller Mohamed Bouazizi triggered a wave of protests across the Arab world .
The unforgettable scene of camel - and horse-riding Mubarak supporters beating tech-savvy Egyptian protesters signals that the old order will not yield without a fight .
Had the United States known what lay ahead , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton would not have remarked , after demonstrations broke out in Egypt , that the Egyptian government was `` stable . ''
Divisions within the opposition movements are thus inevitable .
They themselves are divided , with preferences ranging from Sharia rule in one form or another to a `` Turkish model '' involving mild Islamism capable of achieving mass support through the ballot box .
They will consider both easing repression , in order to gain sympathy , and tightening it , in order to prevent uncontrollable protests . But , whatever they do , they -- and the rest of the world -- must now expect surprises .
This sickening cycle of violence is all too predictable .
It need not be inevitable .
The government created after the January 2006 elections has been unable to pay civil servants because of the international banking blockade and the refusal of Israel to transfer millions of tax dollars collected on behalf of the Palestinian people .
By announcing the acceptance of previous agreements and supporting the Arab peace initiative , the new government should be able to bring economic normalcy to the cash-strapped Palestinian Authority .
Finally , Palestinian negotiators must consider the consequences of using their most valuable bargaining chip -- the ability to reject a perceived bad deal -- in terms of its direct effect on Palestinians and the strong possibility of continued expansion of Jewish settlements on Palestinian lands .
They argue that the positions acceptable in Taba -LRB- following the failure of Camp David II -RRB- must be the basis of any agreement , and that what needs to be negotiated now is the timetable for implementation .
Backed by a reasonable Arab peace plan , they will insist that there is already a worldwide consensus on restoring the 1967 borders -LRB- with mutual adjustments of equal size and quality -RRB- , the need for a fair agreement on dealing with refugees , and a formula to share Jerusalem .
Nevertheless , although one-third of the West Bank was closed to Palestinians to make room for a few thousand Jewish settlers , only 10 % of its largely rural population were refugees , many owned their land , and a variety of jobs was available .
Some security strategists and just war theorists argue that there may be nothing morally objectionable about deterrence in cases where the lives and welfare of a civilian population are not directly affected .
However , when deterrence becomes indistinguishable from collective punishment -- barred under international law by Article 33 of the Fourth Geneva Convention -- it is far less likely to achieve its intended result .
However , in his book Crimes of War , Michael Byers , a Duke University law professor , argues that the use of force in self-defense `` must not be unreasonable or excessive , '' and with regard to anticipatory action , the necessity must be `` instant , overwhelming , leaving no choice of means , and no moment of deliberation . ''
Palestinians were so locked in their opposition to Zionism that they were unable to appreciate the Jews ' existential needs , just as they failed to appreciate the effects of indiscriminate acts of violence against Israeli civilians .
Consumed with legitimate anger , Palestinians and Arabs failed to come up with a serious approach to reach out to Israelis and failed to devise a workable political strategy that would address Palestinian daily needs and national aspirations .
Minority ethnic groups are therefore often able to sway the balance of power between major competing forces .
Leaders of both major US parties have articulated a policy that calls for a viable , contiguous Palestinian state on the lands occupied in 1967 .
The last failed promise by President George W. Bush came at Annapolis in late 2007 , when he vowed that an independent , viable , and contiguous Palestinian state would be created before the end of his term .
Mahmoud Abbas -- unanimously elected as Fatah 's leader and commander-in-chief -- made clear that while all options remain available for ending the occupation , the preference is still negotiations .
Jeff Aronson , a senior researcher at the Washington-based Foundation for Middle East Peace , concludes that Israeli leaders will continue to be able to fool their American counterparts on this issue .
If American , British , and other Western officials are serious about reform in the Arab world , they must support reform-minded Arab individuals and organizations , even if those organizations make them uncomfortable at times .
Abbas can not resign from his post for the foreseeable future , lest the Hamas-backed speaker of the Palestinian Legislative Council take over .
For many Palestinians , Qudwa , a soft-spoken , multi-lingual nationalist -LRB- and Arafat 's nephew -RRB- , presents an acceptable face for Palestine locally and internationally .
For many Palestinians and Israelis , as well as for the international community , the shape and details of what would be a settlement acceptable to majorities on both sides is well known .
The American negotiators who are planning to play an active role in the indirect talks , and will for the first time sit at the negotiating table if face-to-face talks do take place , have apparently promised the Palestinians that the US will point its finger at the party that dares to derail the negotiations .
In that case , the Americans would have a hard time refusing to recognize a Palestinian state that fits what the international community has said is the only acceptable solution to this intractable conflict .
A US peace plan that is fair and reasonable would certainly have many ordinary Israelis and Palestinians cheering .
Hiding behind that anti-Islamic façade , the Israelis have found it easy to stonewall all reasonable peace efforts , including the 2002 Arab peace plan , according to which Arab states and Muslim-majority countries agreed to normalize relations with Israel if it withdrew from areas occupied in 1967 .
The coming months will show whether these public postures are negotiable , with obvious consequences for both parties and their relationship with the international community , especially the US .
Israel insists that any serious progress will happen only if both sides can sit at the negotiating table face to face .
The US efforts , led by Special Envoy George Mitchell , have shown clearly that the current ruling coalition in Israel is incapable of doing the minimum required for peace .
Almost every learned pundit , expert , or politician in the Middle East and around the world knows pretty much what a solution to the conflict would look like -- a Palestinian state on the 1967 borders with slight land swaps and an equitable negotiated solution of the Palestinian refugee issue .
The same energy on display in Cairo and Tunis was evident among Libyan youth , but this time , America was able to do little diplomatically because it had no relationship with Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi .
But what the Arab countries could n't do with military support , they were able to do by providing political cover for the military intervention led by the US , Britain , and France .
This is not the first time that the UN has been called upon to arbitrate the intractable Middle East conflict ; nor have only Palestinians approached .
But if the UN move does not bear fruit within a reasonable timeframe , the public might turn against its political leaders -- as well as against the Israeli occupiers .
Ultimately , the main agenda for the new Palestinian president in negotiations with Israel will be to push the Israelis to make good on their repeated international assurances that a viable contiguous Palestinian state is a realistic goal in the near future .
The United States initially seemed favorable to Al Jazeera . The station 's encouragement of democratic reform and coverage of different points of view were compatible with the proclamations of US foreign policy .
Anwar can finally make the opposition a credible check on the National Front ruling coalition , but knows that he will never become prime minister this way . No one , after all , expects the opposition to win enough seats to form a government in the conceivable future .
Because of his prison term , Anwar was not able to run in the latest election .
Reform of a country 's political and economic institutions and its accession to the EU and NATO usually go hand in hand , because the prospect of membership makes painful decisions electorally acceptable .
This finding was based in part on research by a lead author for the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change -- the group that shared last year 's Nobel Peace Prize -- who noted that spending $ 800 billion over 100 years solely on mitigating emissions would reduce inevitable temperature rises by just 0.2 degrees Celsius by the end of this century .
A better response would be to increase dramatically research and development into low-carbon energy -- an option that gained a respectable mid-placed ranking on our list .
It might be fashionable to talk about just a couple of the globe 's challenges , but we could achieve a lot more if we focused first on where our spending would be most rational .
Small nations like Estonia have never been able to treat defense as a secondary concern .
Throughout the ages they have sought suitable niches in the international order in order to survive .
If neutrality and EU membership are not viable security options , some say that we should seek guarantees that fall short of NATO membership .
Banning someone from shouting `` Fire ! '' in a crowded theater is not the same , however , as convicting him for holding and propagating an opinion , even a despicable one , such as anti-Semitism .
Constitutional and legal provisions that make practicing racism a crime punishable by imprisonment have great symbolic significance and help insure - indeed , create and secure - social peace .
Abuse of public authority for private gain is not acceptable .
I would also include the social dimension under the reform banner -- particularly the need to identify and nurture sources of growth capable of generating sufficient jobs .
And , looking beyond the crisis horizon , the IMF can also help construct a safer and more stable international financial system .
If we seize the moment , we can navigate our way out of this crisis and restore strong , sustainable , and balanced global growth .
The environmental movement 's supposedly key concept is `` sustainable development . ''
As pesticides are assumed to have adverse effects on natural capital they are inconsistent with sustainable development .
Even with the tradable sector suffering due to the strong yen , capital-market liberalization meant that the capitalized value of future income streams , particularly from land , soared , as the interest rate at which they were discounted fell .
The BOJ hailed this outcome , since it gave the tradable sector time to adjust to the stronger yen .
As long as America borrows Japanese savings to fuel its domestic investment , a trade deficit is inevitable .
Instead , they preferred an opaque power-sharing system in which no identifiable person would bear ultimate responsibility for decisions .
India 's ancient and medieval history is notoriously malleable .
Rudra assumed that caste existed in ancient India because , despite the unreliable historical record , the caste system is so manifest even today .
They claim that the early British scholars and administrators who documented Indian customs and translated the early sacred texts were bamboozled by the Brahmins -- the first Indians to learn English and thus the only available intermediaries -- into believing that the Hindu social order was caste-based .
Hu , a life-long Party functionary , was able to fool most observers during his first year in office .
Moreover , Hu has fomented nationalism , not by taking understandable pride in China 's impressive economic growth , but by demonizing Japan .
The possibility of being unable to put food on the table fills parents with a deep sense of foreboding .
The seemingly unalterable factors generating these record-setting rises in food prices -- a shift to higher protein diets in many countries , growing populations , greater use of biofuels , and climate change -- suggest that elevated food prices are here to stay .
But there is a policy prescription available to leaders today that could help remove supply-side obstacles : more trade .
This proposal may puzzle some , but the logic is straightforward and irrefutable .
Trade-distorting subsidies , high import tariffs , and export restrictions act as sand in the gears of the transmission belt and make it more difficult and expensive to bring food to the market -- and thus to the family table .
Globally , more food would be produced where it can be produced more efficiently , thereby creating a more equitable , level international playing field .
Of course , the USSR instigated the war in tandem with Adolf Hitler , but its responsibility is undeniable .
Some of the work was meticulous and commendable .
Experts pressed for the inclusion of illnesses as questionable as `` chronic undifferentiated unhappiness disorder '' and `` chronic complaint disorder , '' whose traits included moaning about taxes , the weather , and even sports results .
To counter the impression that it was turning common fears into treatable conditions , DSM-IV added a clause stipulating that social anxiety behaviors had to be `` impairing '' before a diagnosis was possible .
But there is fierce resistance to this by those who say they are fighting grave mental disorders , for which medication is the only viable treatment .
A labor policy favorable to workers and unions revived Wage Councils for setting pay .
Regardless of the president 's political slant , if the FA remains in office , the social-democratic reforms of recent years are likely to continue , although with different emphases and considerable variations imposed by the economic cycle and the government 's political resources .
However , the political situation in Kyrgyzstan is far from stable .
America , India , Europe , and Japan will face increasing tension between their short-term military needs in the region and their long-term goal of promoting political reform in order to create more stable and reliable partners .
As a result , the Czech and Polish governments were unable to answer fundamental questions about the costs and benefits of the deployment for Polish and Czech national security . This allowed skeptics and opponents of missile defense to gain the upper hand in the internal debates in both countries .
Indeed , given the serious deterioration in Israel 's relations with Turkey , Mubarak 's departure has deprived it of its two most demonstrable allies in the region .
This differentiates Turkey from most other Muslim countries in the Middle East , and has enabled it to avoid the sharp dichotomies , ruptures , and violence that have characterized political modernization elsewhere in the region .
As a result , the collapse of the old power structures in many Middle East countries is likely to be accompanied by considerable political turmoil and violence .
Because their currency pegs were adjustable -- and thus revocable -- the soaring interest rates and sustained market intervention needed to defend them merely fueled expectations of devaluation , which became self-fulfilling with a stampede on domestic bank deposits .
Average domestic lending rates during this period also favored countries who devalue , with Singapore 's rates lower and more stable than Hong Kong 's , and both Mexico and Chile outperforming Argentina .
Ample evidence demonstrates that no country has ever been able to develop a strong and fair economy based on mineral or oil exports .
In such schemes , Chávez has so far had more success than Morales , whose Constitutional Assembly has not yet been able to organize itself .
Concentration of resources is probably the key factor , because it increases both the discretionary power of whoever controls them and the population 's social expectations , which in the end can not ever be met , because the caudillo 's power depends on maintaining that concentration of resources . Caudillismo will be weakened only if profits are not captured by the state , but directly shared with citizens in a stable and continuous manner .
And , backed by his parliamentary majority , he was recently able to fill vacant judicial posts , making him the most powerful president in Bolivia 's contemporary history .
By defending the coca leaf , consumed for centuries in the Andean world and the raw material for cocaine , Morales was able to link his opposition to America 's anti-drug policy with the defense of native cultural tradition and the economic rights of the poor .
But the making of Morales as a leader able to combine these three dimensions reflects two institutional reforms in the 1990 's that expanded social participation and opened up opportunities for new leaders and political movements .
Convinced that he can increase production and employment , Morales has forced the central bank to give credit on favorable terms to state-owned companies .
A caudillo can make key decisions alone , because popular support is personalized : only he is indispensable .
They feel that their anti-Semitism is acceptable .
A third layer of this problem is the increasingly symbiotic alliance between radical Islamist groups in Sweden and a left that has departed from the honorable social-democratic traditions for which the country is famous around the world .
The policy is also suspect because the success of spawning is notoriously variable from year to year .
By contrast , a stock with lower mortality for large individuals at least maintains an adequate reserve of large individuals available as spawners next year .
The long-term concern is that fishing is intended to be selective ; fishermen aim to harvest the most profitable species and the most profitable sizes within species .
By cherishing our large , old fish we would reverse the selection for early maturation while selecting for faster growth through the size classes most vulnerable to fishing .
Unfortunately , child survival programs in the developing world have focused primarily on pneumonia , diarrhea , malaria , and vaccine-preventable causes of deaths after the first month of life , while safe motherhood programs have focused primarily on the mother .
Even with a weak health system , it is possible to achieve measurable mortality reduction .
Indeed , to continue to fail the world 's at-risk children is to deliver a verdict of wanton inhumanity against ourselves , for we are a knowing party to an entirely preventable mass destruction of human life .
And collaboration and exchange of people make for profitable businesses and higher standards of living .
Damaged by the sun , but not quite able to commit suicide , the mutated cell continues to proliferate at the expense of normal surrounding cells , resulting in a pre-cancerous growth that can progress to a full-blown squamous cell carcinoma .
Moreover , in educating the public we confront formidable forces : cultural icons who are as bronze as the statuary in the Louvre , the sheer pleasure of being in the sun , and the perceived incremental health benefits of ultraviolet radiation .
The inescapable irony is that teenagers and young women pursue a tan to look more attractive , but trade a moment or two of sunny radiance for a whole lifetime of premature wrinkles , fine lines , and haggard-looking skin .
This preventable disease should be the focus of a comprehensive educational campaign similar to anti-smoking campaigns , which are now bearing fruit in many countries .
In addition , scientific research on this most accessible of human organs will continue to identify innovative treatments and modes of prevention , which may well become applicable to other cancers .
All countries must reduce their use of fossil fuels and switch to renewable energy sources as soon and as much as possible .
But , if the 2 ° C target is taken seriously , the twenty-first century will see countries that are not so far down the path of carbonization -LRB- such as large parts of Africa -RRB- , or that leave it in time -LRB- such as India and Pakistan -RRB- , able to become wealthy by helping societies that must de-carbonize rapidly .
That , in turn , implies that it is accountable and that it has democratic legitimacy -- something fundamentally lacking in multilateral agencies such as the World Bank .
Simultaneously , within a variable architecture of negotiation , there must be links to the numerous conference institutions of the United Nations , as well as to political-economic regional associations such as the EU , Mercosur , or the African Union .
Aside from a humanitarian crisis , with thousands drowning each year trying to reach Europe and thousands more detained , there is the soaring expense of border controls and bureaucracy , a criminalized people-smuggling industry , and an expanding shadow economy , where illegal migrants are vulnerable to exploitation , labor laws are broken and taxes go unpaid .
Immigrants are not an invading army ; they are mostly people seeking a better life who are drawn to Europe by the huge demand for workers to fill the low-end jobs that our aging and increasingly wealthy societies rely on , but which our increasingly well-educated and comfortable citizens are unwilling to take .
Politicians should have the courage to stop fighting an unwinnable war .
Their opponents focus on the disruptive effects of immigration , particularly among the most vulnerable citizens in countries that already suffer from high unemployment .
Emigration from Europe was the continent 's critical safety valve , without which the pressure placed on populations and states would have been unsustainable .
Japan 's decline has been palpable .
In the late 1980 's , it was fashionable in some Japanese policy circles to argue that the Pax Americana was over , to be replaced in Asia by Pax Japonica .
The closed nature of Japanese society and the dearth of ideas are partly attributable to the linguistic barrier .
While such an outcome may be improbable , it would be complacent folly to dismiss the possibility .
What is needed is someone of impeccable integrity and the capacity to inspire -- and especially to engage Europe 's young people .
But now that America and its coalition have proven themselves to be incapable of bringing stability to Iraq on their own , the French and German governments can no longer rest and smugly say , `` I told you so , '' as the situation deteriorates even further .
Yet , however desirable this outcome , it is no longer likely -LRB- if it ever was -RRB- .
Our opinion , released in May 1995 , deemed food safety a fundamental ethical imperative and called for barring the commercialization of questionable products .
A candid international dialogue is indispensable to a better understanding of Europe 's differences with the US and other parts of the world concerning GMOs .
The first approach risks giving Russia easy access to all the benefits of cooperation with the EU , without insisting that Russia abide by stable rules .
Rather than attempt to democratize or contain Russia , the Union should settle on the more limited goal of turning Russia into a reliable partner , bound by the rule of law .
Are such changes acceptable to workers and employers ?
Many companies world-wide recognize that success requires satisfying the three elements of sustainable development : financial , environmental , and social .
These practices can have a positive impact on profits through increased productivity , lower staff turnover , greater amenability to change , more innovation , and better , more reliable output .
Indeed , companies often have an interest in going beyond minimum legal requirements : peer respect and a good reputation as an employer are marketable assets .
The challenge to workers , employers , governments , and communities is to translate what we now know into coordinated and sustainable programs .
He was no longer able to work , travel , choose his place of residence , buy or sell property , or even marry .
Shtukaturov 's story is unique only because he was able to find his way to a lawyer .
According to one view , Eastern Europe was uniquely positioned to benefit from multinational companies : its workforce was well educated , especially in engineering and sciences , and was thus able to avoid the classic `` low-skills , low-wage '' trap .
Poor traders like Rosalia want real shops , and for some , Namibia Beverages , the local bottling operation of Coca-Cola , is answering the call with sturdy iron cabins that are spacious , portable , and easily secured .
It is time our collective security alliances overhauled these inequitable funding methods and made sure that all member states pay a proportionate price for global security .
This is not sustainable .
The new NATO operational fund would clearly be more equitable than today 's system , which penalizes proactive member states and rewards members that prefer to do nothing .
And , although Hu can barely hide his mediocrity , the bureaucrats are unconcerned . After all , they do n't want someone controlling them who is both able and serious .
The earthquake , together with the media transparency that accompanied it , has made the bureaucrats more accountable .
A remarkable incident has emboldened Chinese journalists .
After 1949 , the Communist Party cultivated a stable of `` theoretical experts '' and other ideological servants to write lengthy articles propagating `` Marxism and Mao Zedong Thought . ''
For example , reporting by the South Metropolitan Daily led to the abolition of an outdated housing ordinance issued by the State Council . Cai Jing magazine 's continuous reporting on SARS enabled the Chinese public to learn the truth about this epidemic .
Without the hearts of news producers -- or , increasingly , of censors -- the seemingly formidable edifice of journalistic regulation will , sooner or later , collapse like the Berlin Wall .
Only those who are familiar with European history and who engage in discussion with the candidate countries about what Europe is and should be will be able to bridge the gap between different cultures and religions .
Moreover , the current EU member states will not only have to be able to tolerate the criticism by central , eastern , and southern Europeans of western civilization , but also to take such criticism into consideration as they ponder policy .
In a sample of 53 countries for which data are available , median growth in real average wages had declined from 4.3 % in 2007 to 1.4 % in 2008 .
To ensure a durable exit from the crisis , and to build foundations for sustained and broad-based growth in a globalized world , developing countries in 2010 and beyond must draw the right lessons from history .
Developing countries with such characteristics are able to turn factor endowments from relatively labor - or resource - abundant to relatively capital-abundant in the span of a generation .
This may be one of the reasons why the Growth Commission Report also found that successful economies all have committed , credible , and capable governments .
The world is now so far down the path of integration that turning back is no longer a viable option .
We must internalize lessons from the past and focus on establishing well-functioning markets that enable developing countries fully to tap their economies ' comparative advantage .
As part of this process , a facilitating role for the state is desirable in developing and developed economies alike , although the appropriate role may be different depending on a country 's stage of development .
By contrast , governments in many successful developing countries have focused on strengthening industries that have done well in countries with comparable factor endowments .
This framework suggests that policymakers identify tradable industries that have performed well in growing countries with similar resources and skills , and with a per capita income about double their own .
In Global Development Horizons 2011 , the World Bank presents what it believes to be the most probable global currency scenario in 2025 -- a multicurrency arrangement centered on the dollar , euro , and renminbi .
Monetary-policy initiatives that emphasize increased collaboration among central banks to achieve financial stability and sustainable growth in global liquidity thus would be particularly welcome .
Despite the considerable progress that developing countries have made in integrating themselves into international trade and finance channels , there is still much work to be done to ensure that they share the burden of maintaining the global system in which they have a rapidly growing stake .
Decision-making regarding consumption and production has largely been decentralized to individual households and firms , respectively ; economic incentives , markets , competition , and internationalization have to a considerable extent replaced command , administrative processes , monopoly , and autarky .
In fact , China is a type of mixed economy , with a number of specific features , some of which favor GDP growth , while others have not dragged down the economy to any considerable extent so far .
Although internationalization of the economy has served China well , it is unlikely that the current 35 % share of GDP claimed by exports and the heavy reliance on foreign technology are sustainable in the long run .
By shifting to a less resource-dependent development strategy , more resources would be available for improvements in the country 's much neglected social arrangements , particularly among rural citizens and `` urban outsiders '' -LRB- individuals in informal urban sectors -RRB- .
During this `` liberal '' period , the government basically provided stable market-supporting legislation , education , health care , and infrastructure .
Hence , the big question underlying the current wave of liberalization is whether these reform tendencies are politically sustainable .
Both arrangements will eventually become untenable , because they will generate either an intolerable rate of inflation or an unsustainable burden of public-sector debt .
Given the high rate of growth in China 's money supply , there could be considerable pressures for the yuan to actually depreciate , because a rate of monetary growth that exceeds the growth rate of economic activity tends to cause a currency 's exchange rate to fall .
His `` Democratic Security '' policy now seems to have definitively turned the tables in the country 's fight against the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia -LRB- FARC -RRB- , which have seen their leaders killed and their hostages freed .
Perhaps more importantly , were Uribe to step down after his current term , he would still wield considerable proxy power at home , playing an integral role in choosing his successor -- whoever he backs stands a very good chance of winning -- and boosting his political supporters ' prospects in legislative elections .
Strengthening the state and fostering a stable and growing economy would also provide the best rebuke to the FARC and its bid for time .
The billboards with their private messages were able to occupy public space so easily because in Russia public space is virtually empty : there 's very little , if any , communication between state and society , and barely any public debate .
On the contrary , the state generally ignores its citizens - it is in no way accountable to the public , nor does it bother to explain what actually goes on inside the Kremlin .
A considerable degree of freedom remains , but a submissive society freely gives ground to the state .
Putin 's administration has been keen to take advantage of this favorable environment .
Yet , although some of the Kremlin 's moves seem clear and reasonable , others can scarcely be described as rational or forward-looking .
But if Russia 's policy toward him lets events in Georgia get out of control , Russia will be held accountable .
As Russia 's conflict with Ukraine in early January over gas prices demonstrated , when Russia plays rough , the West grows apprehensive and suspicious rather than more amenable .
With policymaking fully nontransparent and reduced to a very closed circle , and implementation delegated to an unaccountable bureaucracy , the inevitable result of Putin 's political model was pervasive corruption .
Worse still , economic growth based on exports of natural resources has proved unsustainable .
Today , with oil prices dramatically reduced , this largesse is no longer available , and economic experts agree that the growth potential of Russia 's petro-economy has been exhausted .
These delaying tactics are enabled by a lack of pressure from below .
To the Kremlin 's rulers , this may seem an acceptable cost for retaining power , but postponing reform will only aggravate Russia 's countless problems .
Besides , muddling through may prove unaffordable even in the short run , if oil prices decline again .
The Kremlin may have monopolized decision-making , but it is largely non-intrusive and enables citizens to live their own lives and pursue their own interests -- as long as they do not encroach on the government realm .
This coming flu season there will be a new twist : physicians will have to be aware that hidden among these patients could be a small number with SARS , a respiratory disease that is also likely to be seasonal and whose early symptoms are almost indistinguishable from those of the flu .
Unfortunately , if predictably , the remarkable success of efforts around the world to control the transmission of SARS -- particularly in Taiwan and mainland China -- has led some to question whether the threat of SARS was `` overblown . ''
At the same time , these governments practice a diplomacy inspired by one idea : America 's post-Iraq hegemony is fragile , thus making profitable a policy of confrontation aimed at weakening the enemy . This explains the bizarre de facto alliance between Venezuela , Iran and Belarus , and Venezuela 's failed candidacy for a seat on the United Nations Security Council .
Moreover , some notable candidates , such as Senator Hillary Clinton , supported the invasion of Iraq , while the Democrats are more protectionist than the Republicans and are financially unpredictable .
What the US lacks is a coherent regional policy toward Latin America comparable to what exists for Asia and Europe .
Corporate employers are even complaining about not being able to attract overseas talent .
The inescapable truth is that the futures of Hong Kong and China are integrally linked .
Hong Kong 's data have been released regularly , and in 2006 , Guangdong 's data were made publicly available for the first time .
These are laudable steps for China , given its poor record on transparency .
Furthermore , new coal-fired power plants may no longer be allowed on either side of the border , necessitating greater use of natural gas and renewable energy sources .
All that is needed are the right financial incentives to induce utility companies to produce less electricity -LRB- and still be more profitable -RRB- and consumers to reduce their use -LRB- and gain savings without sacrificing comfort -RRB- .
By saving themselves , they may also be able to play an instrumental role in saving China .
Even if everyone -LRB- including the United States -RRB- applied the Kyoto rules and stuck to them throughout the century , the change would be almost immeasurable , postponing warming for a mere six years in 2100 while costing at least $ 150 billion a year .
However , by 2100 , even the most pessimistic forecasts from the UN expect the average person in the developing countries to be richer than now , and thus better able to cope .
We could do all good things . We could win the war against hunger , end conflicts , stop communicable diseases , provide clean drinking water , improve education and halt climate change .
Breaking the circle of poverty by addressing the most pressing issues of disease , hunger , and polluted water will not only do obvious good ; it will also make people less vulnerable to the effects of climate change .
We need to stop our obsession with global warming and start dealing with more pressing and tractable problems first .
Today , virtually every Latin American and Caribbean child enrolls in primary school , and most complete several years of secondary education -- remarkable progress compared to a half-century ago .
But no reliable studies have established this strategy 's effectiveness .
This policy can be very affordable : providing porridge in Guatemala cost just $ 23.25 per child per year , while the monetary value of the increase in the children 's future wages is between two and four times higher .
In Mexico , before recent reforms , 2-4 million households either spent 30 % or more of their disposable income or fell below the poverty line because of catastrophic health spending .
When care is available , it is often inefficient or of substandard quality .
The reasoning is practical , not ideological : private providers are often available in places lacking public facilities .
Wealthier households contribute up to 5 % of their disposable income .
But , while an expensive campaign to combat a particularly dangerous , communicable disease like HIV\/AIDS makes sense , it is less clear that this approach works well when aimed at providing the public with general , health-related information .
One of the best ways to avoid cancer is to eat lots of fruit and vegetables .
If you reduce your child 's intake of fruits and vegetables by just 0.03 grams a day -LRB- that 's the equivalent of half a grain of rice -RRB- when you opt for more expensive organic produce , the total risk of cancer goes up , not down .
Food has become more plentiful and affordable , especially in the developing world , where calorie availability has increased by 40 % per person over the past 40 years , while food prices have more than halved .
While the economic benefits we get from biodiversity might seem intangible , they are real and quantifiable .
For many nations , that will require developing institutions capable of conducting adequate planning , monitoring , and evaluation .
But the project generated benefits worth roughly twice that amount because it lowered the costs of vehicle operation , accidents , and travel time , removed physical constraints to the flow of goods and people within Bolivia and from Bolivia to its neighbors , and ensured more reliable and safer transport services .
One approach is to create policies that raise the standards of unreliable transport and logistics companies .
Exporters pay a high cost for low-quality trucking industries , as in Colombia , or when trucking services for perishables are inadequate .
Customs procedures , which currently obstruct the flow of international trade , must be modernized and simplified in order to facilitate it . Simple changes like special fast lines for reliable clients are part of the answer .
Hence , poverty reduction efforts must seek to provide incentives that will encourage the poor to acquire assets and capabilities that will enable them to escape poverty in the future .
Although there is not yet enough evidence to assess the cost-benefit ratios of specific policies , the evidence available suggests that policy-makers should also prioritize improving the provision of education , creating more secure property rights through land reform , promoting microfinance , and improving rural infrastructure .
This is not primarily a result of global warming , but a consequence of more people and less arable land in the developing world .
If we focus on solving today 's problems , we will leave communities strengthened , economies more vibrant , and infrastructures more robust . This will enable these societies to deal much better with future problems -- including global warming .
Committing to massive cuts in carbon emissions will leave future generations poorer and less able to adapt to challenges .
Gore has an unshakable faith that climate change is the biggest challenge facing the world .
Political leaders rarely espouse clear priorities , preferring to seem capable of giving everything to everybody .
Breaking the cycle of poverty by addressing the most pressing issues of disease , hunger , and polluted water will not only do obvious good , but also make people less vulnerable .
Their problems are more basic : not dying from easily preventable diseases ; not being malnourished from lack of simple micronutrients ; not being prevented from exploiting opportunities in the global economy by lack of free trade .
The sources of public administration failure include lack of professionalism in the civil service ; vague , complex , and confusing legal rules ; weak management of government finances ; poor distribution of tasks across levels of government ; lack of transparency in government processes , and the difficulty of holding officials accountable for their actions .
Setting up a new , independent alternative dispute-resolution system outside the courts would cost something , but it would ensure quicker and more acceptable resolution of routine disputes .
The low representation of women in legislatures is not only a symbol of flaws in the functioning of Latin American democracies ; it also means that women legislators are unable to bring their intrinsically different approaches to policy into play .
One way to enforce the rules may be to say that parties that do not comply with the legislation in a district should not be able to run candidates there .
We could keep vulnerable children away from the smoke .
This target has become a veritable commandment of campaigners since the EU embraced it in 1996 .
Instead , we should look for smarter policy options , like aiming to ensure that alternative energy technologies at reasonable prices will be available within the next 20-40 years .
It would let each country focus on its own vision of future energy needs , whether that means concentrating on renewable sources , nuclear energy , fusion , carbon storage , conservation , or searching for new and more exotic opportunities .
The annual cost of an increase in renewable energy of less than 20 % -LRB- 18 percentage points -RRB- -- and five years later , by 2025 -- will be more than ¤ 2.5 billion .
The ¤ 2.5 billion estimate assumes that politicians pick the cheapest renewable energy alternative .
The opposition -- trying to trump the government -- insists on an almost 40 % increase in renewable energy , at a cost of almost ¤ 10 billion annually , with every euro doing just ¤ 0.025 worth of good for the world .
A lead author of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change -- the group that shared last year 's Nobel Peace Prize with Gore -- told the experts that spending $ 800 billion over 100 years solely on mitigating emissions would reduce inevitable temperature increases by just 0.4 degrees Fahrenheit by the end of this century .
Yet , even if everyone -LRB- including the United States -RRB- lived up to the protocol 's rules , and stuck to it throughout the century , the change would be almost immeasurable , postponing warming for just six years in 2100 .
Global warming will mainly harm developing countries , because they are poorer and therefore more vulnerable to the effects of climate change .
We would have enough resources to win the war against hunger , end conflicts , stop communicable diseases , provide clean drinking water , broaden educational access , and halt climate change .
Instead , we should be concentrating on investments in making energy without CO2 emissions viable for our descendants .
It would let each country focus on its own future vision of energy needs , whether that means concentrating on renewable sources , nuclear energy , fusion , carbon storage , or searching for new and more exotic opportunities .
-LRB- All of the data are available at sealevel.colorado.edu . -RRB-
Such a blatant attempt to curtail scientific inquiry and stifle free speech seems inexcusable .
For an astonishingly low cost , we could improve education and health conditions , make the poorest people richer , and help everybody become better able to tackle the future .
This is a respectable sum , and certainly a benefit that the international community should try to achieve .
This is odd , because any reasonable understanding of how science proceeds would expect that , as we refine our knowledge , we find that things are sometimes worse and sometimes better than we expected , and that the most likely distribution would be about 50-50 .
An average of all 38 available standard runs from the IPCC shows that models expect a temperature increase in this decade of about 0.2 ° C.
Yet the BBC reported in 2000 that the fabled Northwest Passage was already without ice .
Since 1992 , we have had satellites measuring the rise in global sea levels , and they have shown a stable increase of 3.2 millimeters per year -LRB- 1\/8 of an inch -RRB- -- spot on compared to the IPCC projection .
They urge America 's president-elect Barack Obama to pursue a `` green revolution '' with big investments in renewable energy , arguing that this could create millions of new `` green collar '' jobs and open huge new markets .
Yet it is argued that much higher taxes and subsidies are the best way to increase research and development in new , cheaper renewable energy sources .
President-elect Obama is now facing countless people who claim that subsidies for renewable energy and CO2 taxes are great ways to tackle global warming and forge a new green economy .
To cite policy-driven famine as an argument for more of the same policy seems unreasonable , to say the least .
Obama 's election has raised hopes for a massive commitment to carbon cuts and vast spending on renewable energy to save the world -- especially developing nations .
Some believe Obama should follow the lead of the European Union , which has committed itself to the ambitious goal of cutting carbon emissions by 20 % below 1990 levels within 12 years by using renewable energy .
Their reasons are entirely understandable .
To achieve that , the European Union has made the inevitable , almost ridiculous proposal of bribing developing nations to take part -- at a cost of ¤ 175 billion annually by 2020 .
In the midst of a financial crisis , it seems unbelievable that European citizens will bear the financial burden of paying off China and India .
Coal keeps hospitals and core infrastructure running , provides warmth and light in winter , and makes life-saving air conditioning available in summer .
Solar and wind power appear to be acceptable , but both are much less reliable than coal , and much more expensive .
Only about 0.5 % of the world 's energy comes from these renewable sources .
Moreover , renewables are still costly .
Never mind that the numbers were massaged , because they still hold a valuable lesson .
The equivalent of more than 60 million barrels of oil is consumed in coal every day , and there is no affordable `` green '' alternative .
Coal contributes strongly to global warming , but no amount of political theater can alter the inescapable fact that it also provides benefits that we can not yet replicate with renewable energy .
There is no `` green '' energy source that is affordable enough to replace coal in the near future .
The saddest thing about the global warming debate is that nearly all of the key protagonists -- politicians , campaigners , and pundits -- already know that the old-style agreement that is on the table for Copenhagen this December will have a negligible effect on temperatures .
Unless we change direction and make our actions realistic and achievable , it is already clear that the declarations of `` success '' in Copenhagen this December will be meaningless .
Krugman said that the `` irresponsibility and immorality '' of the representatives ' democratic viewpoints were `` unforgivable '' and a `` betrayal . ''
Likewise , reasonable people can differ on their interpretation of the Waxman-Markey bill .
The reduction in global temperature would not be measurable in a hundred years , yet the cost would be significant and payable now .
Is it unreasonable to point out that the inevitable creation of trade barriers that will ensue from Waxman-Markey could eventually cost the world ten times more than the damage climate change could ever have wrought ?
Bickel and Lane offer compelling evidence that a tiny investment in climate engineering might be able to reduce as much of global warming 's effects as trillions of dollars spent on carbon emission reductions .
There is a significant delay between carbon cuts and any temperature drop -- even halving global emissions by mid-century would barely be measurable by the end of the century .
It is remarkable to consider that we could cancel out this century 's global warming with 1,900 unmanned ships spraying seawater mist into the air to thicken clouds .
Each dollar would avoid $ 1.51 of global warming damages -- a respectable outcome .
Moreover , it is inconsistent with the inescapable fact that , whatever we do , we can not prevent all of global warming 's effects .
Reaching a proper answer to these questions requires extensive economic modeling , with different variables calculated and regional differences analyzed .
Say we decide to reduce CO2 emissions by three-quarters by 2100 while maintaining reasonable growth .
Green and Galiana examine the state of non-carbon-based energy today -- nuclear , wind , solar , geothermal , etc. -- and find that , taken together , alternative energy sources would get us less than halfway toward a path of stable carbon emissions by 2050 , and only a tiny fraction of the way toward stabilization by 2100 .
Over time , they argue , the tax should be allowed to rise slowly to encourage the deployment of effective , affordable technology alternatives .
Indeed , according to Chris Green and Isabel Galiana of McGill University , even with these breakthroughs , the intermittency and variability in wind and solar energy means that they are unlikely to be able to supply much more than 10-15 % of grid-based electricity without massive investment in such storage systems .
As the Copenhagen Consensus , as well as the World Bank recently advocated , R&D investments on the order of $ 100 billion a year will be needed if wind and other alternative technologies are to become truly viable .
Yet , it has been clear for a considerable time that there is a more fundamental problem : immediate promises of carbon cuts do not work .
Remarkably , the research suggests that a total of about $ 9 billion spent implementing marine cloud-whitening technology might be able to offset this entire century 's global warming .
It appears that climate engineering could buy us some time , and it is time that we need if we are to make a sustainable and smooth shift away from reliance on fossil fuels .
Research shows that non-fossil fuel energy sources will -- based on today 's availability -- get us less than halfway toward a path of stable carbon emissions by 2050 , and only a tiny fraction of the way towards stabilization by 2100 .
Carbon pricing could be used to finance research and development , and to send a price signal to promote the deployment of effective , affordable technology alternatives .
The authors note that 18 years of the `` Kyoto Protocol approach '' to international climate policy have failed to produce any discernable real-world reductions in emissions of greenhouse gases .
The Hartwell group correctly notes that in order to be successful , our approach to climate policy should offer obvious advantages -LRB- `` rapid and demonstrable pay-back '' -RRB- , appeal to a wide variety of people , and produce measurable results . The Kyoto approach , of course , does none of these things .
At the same time , the group adds , we must recognize that we wo n't make any real progress in cutting CO2 emissions until we can provide developing economies with affordable alternatives to the fossil fuels on which they currently depend . `` In short , '' the report notes , `` we need to ignite ... an energy technology revolution . ''
More often than not , what sound like horrific changes in climate and geography actually turn out to be manageable -- and in some cases even benign .
There is an understandable desire to want to cut through the verbiage and shake people by the shoulders .
But Securum was then able to recruit skilled staff members who could maximize the assets ' value when markets recovered , and to be in a financial position to await that recovery .
With a private owner , huge public subsidies would have been politically unacceptable .
A dynamic and successful Europe is not a one-size-fits-all Europe , and European integration must not become a goal in itself , but a means to create sustainable prosperity .
Yet the European Court has fueled frustrations by undercutting local labor practices in notable recent cases concerning workers employed in Sweden and in Germany .
Indeed , the thought experiment of turning statistical lives into identifiable lives highlights an important point about policy-making : much , if not all , of the appeal of `` efficient '' resource allocation depends on the anonymity of the victims .
This is why sitting beside , and even lying on , the deathbed of a statistical life may be more tolerable after all .
Perhaps a maximally extended life expectancy is of higher value to you than living in a society where doctors do not leave curable patients to die if they can not pay for the required treatment out of their own pockets .
Twenty years after the fall of the Iron Curtain , it remains divided , unable to unify into a global force .
Yet Russia 's future is questionable .
The country 's economy remains unable to make optimal use of relatively high energy-export revenues .
Russian society and its leaders have no clear vision of the future , and the country 's demographic decline offers little hope of a rapid and sustainable turnaround .
This suggests that Russia , unable to compete with the world 's fast-developing countries , will have to direct its efforts towards protecting its waning assets .
In short , the EU will no longer be able to offer attractive membership prospects to neighboring countries , nor will it be able to allocate adequate resources for surrogate membership schemes like the Eastern Partnership .
The EU and NATO are unable to expand farther , even though they may want to maintain post-Soviet countries ' interest in membership in order to prevent their possible return to Russia 's orbit .
The postcommunist transitional agenda is exhausted , without having yielded a sustainable European politico-economic structure .
Greater Europe would thus be able to claim a leading role in addressing international issues .
Of course , the troops may be made invulnerable to bombing by being billeted among the civilian population , but armored vehicles and artillery can not be hidden in apartment houses .
So Israel is blocking Lebanon 's ports from the sea , has breached the runways of all three jet-capable airfields , including Beirut 's international airport , and remains ready to destroy generating plants and other high-value targets , if necessary , to generate sufficient political pressure on Hezbollah .
Hezbollah , however , distributed its rockets to village militias that were good at hiding them from air attacks , sheltering them from artillery , and from probing Israeli unmanned air vehicles , but that were incapable of launching them effectively in simultaneous launches against the same targets .
That made it politically unacceptable to launch an offensive that would kill young soldiers and family men .
But it is fair to ask when a sustainable solution to Africa 's dehumanizing poverty will be found , not only by the G8 and the organizers of Live 8 , but also by Africa 's leaders and people .
They are unable to add value to raw materials in order to sell processed goods in local and international markets and negotiate better prices and favorable trade rules .
Without skills , people find themselves locked out of productive , rewarding economic activities , leaving them unable to meet their needs for housing , healthcare and nutrition .
This is one of the main reasons why so many people are unable to take advantage of the many opportunities available in Africa .
It is reasonable to presume that the commodity boom 's positive effect on Latin America 's terms of trade will last for an extended period -- perhaps 10-15 years -- but that it will not be permanent .
Moreover , it could be argued that if more knowledge is not added to exports , it will be hard to achieve sustainable economic development based on natural resources .
Despite imprudent fiscal management , Venezuela , too , maintained considerable resources in specific funds -LRB- $ 11 billion at the end of 2008 -RRB- .
Indeed , China has developed the world 's most sophisticated system of Internet blocking and censorship , thereby hiding information unfavorable to China 's rulers from all but the most technologically savvy .
An immigration influx into Italy spills over into other EU countries . A wrong assessment by German authorities of the health risk posed by a particular vegetable leads to massive financial losses for farmers across Europe .
Both required the Japanese government to display considerable agility in its rescue efforts .
Second , Japan 's public finances are weaker than in 1995 , and demographic factors are less favorable .
The Japanese have shown admirable courage in the face of unthinkable tragedy .
This is so because those who interpret the Koran are learned only in religion , in its laws and practices , and thus are usually unable to understand today 's scientific miracles .
The fatwas -LRB- legal opinions concerning Islamic law -RRB- that they issue appear unreasonable and can not be accepted by those with scientific knowledge .
Indeed , there was no `` Muslim scholarship '' at the time , so to read meant to read whatever was available .
Ten years ago , as the Asian financial crisis savaged Indonesia 's economy , many experts predicted that the country would become unstable , if not splinter .
In a remarkable development , Chinese language and culture , which had been suppressed for decades , is allowed free expression .
Indonesia 's record looks even more remarkable when compared to the United States .
President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono deserves great credit for this remarkable success .
But the growing conviction that tomorrow will be better will keep India 's polity stable .
At the current stage of development of many Asian economies , a 10 % increase in the median income can lead to a doubling of the middle class . And such an increase is eminently achievable .
He must now follow up by creating an open , inclusive environment , like India 's , that will enable both Sinhalese and Tamils to thrive .
At the height of tensions , when China found the governments of Lee Teng-hui and Chen Shui-bian intolerable , it never ceased its policy of embracing the Taiwanese people and Taiwanese businessmen . Over time , this created a rich web of economic interdependence , which promotes stability .
Indeed , the only viable long-term strategy to adopt , therefore , is to stop trying to isolate Iran and instead nudge Iranians into engaging more with modern Asia .
Diplomacy was invented precisely in order to enable relations between adversaries , not friends .
But while we can not close the gulf between us , we can try to bridge it so that we may be able to talk across it . ''
Asia 's Energy Future SINGAPORE -- Asia 's rise is unstoppable .
What is stoppable is the steep rise in Asia 's reliance on fossil fuels .
If the West now wants to hold Asian countries responsible for restraining new sources of greenhouse-gas emissions , it must first hold itself accountable for its old stock and current emissions .
Zhenhua Xie , Chinese President Hu Jintao 's special representative on climate change , has stated categorically that China has no other choice than to pursue sustainable development .
India , China , and a handful of other Asian countries are also witnessing remarkable growth in local alternative energy companies and the use of renewable energy .
Moreover , China is the world leader in total renewable energy capacity , small hydroelectric capacity , and the use of solar hot water heaters ; second for wind power added in 2008 -LRB- ahead of Germany and Spain -RRB- ; and third in total ethanol production .
They must formulate and present realistic solutions , and negotiate forcefully and realistically before and during the Copenhagen conference in December 2009 in order to produce a global agreement that is based on an equitable sharing of the global commons .
Instead of legitimacy , or simply getting more seats at the table to provide input , the discussion in Asia is increasingly about outputs : how to create institutions that are more effective .
At a recent workshop that we co-chaired in Singapore , the inevitable question was raised : Can Asians lead in meeting global challenges ?
That is a reasonable response .
On the other hand , the desire to avoid confrontation can prevent meaningful agreements from being reached in a reasonable timeframe , and the appearance of consensus may merely mask the true politics at work .
China is developing a deployable police capacity that may provide an important new tool in peace operations in fragile states .
Climate Change : Asia needs to build up innovative markets that enable technology transfer .
Progress has been made on the Chiang Mai Initiative -- a multilateral currency swap arrangement among the ten ASEAN members , China , Japan , and South Korea -- and the possibility of an Asian Monetary Fund remains on -LRB- or at least not far off -RRB- the table .
As a friend of Israel , I am surprised that more of us are not calling on the country 's leaders to seize the brief geopolitical opportunity of a viable two-state solution , while the offer remains on the table .
So far , however , the NDP has missed every opportunity imaginable to gain popular support by proposing a reform program designed to bring real increases in public participation .
But the urban poor , faced with bad housing , limited infrastructure , and meager services , are vulnerable to epidemics , malnutrition-based childhood diseases , HIV\/AIDS , malaria , tuberculosis , and mental disorders .
It is invariably more efficient to build and maintain health-related infrastructure , such as water supply and sanitation systems , clinics , and hospitals , and deliver specialized health care , where population densities are highest -- and to create affordable-care networks of community health workers using low-cost technology .
But such innovation does not always begin at home , which is why city governments need to know about potentially applicable ideas and lessons from other cities and countries .
President Putin might easily replace him with someone deemed more reliable or better suited to challenge Maskhadov , should he run .
Unless the Russian state develops a viable policy , fast , all of these areas threaten to become safe havens for terrorists .
Even Putin 's predictable presidential rhetoric reveals a desire to initiate a real fight against terrorism .
More is needed than a handful of combatants reintegrated , a school or two re-built , and an under-funded young government lauded abroad but unable to deliver jobs or law and order to its war-scarred people at home .
Having money available in advance , on standby for the inevitable , would be sound global policy .
Until that money is available , the UN and its many multilateral partners will remain collectively unprepared to aid these post-conflict societies at their moment of greatest political opportunity and economic need .
In some places , particularly the drier places of the globe , the deforestation was so severe , and was followed by such intense grazing , that forests have not been able to grow back .
The US government will no longer be able to afford to invest hundreds of billions of dollars -LRB- the cost in Iraq alone will run into the trillions -RRB- trying to supply other people with decent government .
If Americans had to pay more for gasoline , they would use less of it . With a high gasoline price , alternative sources of energy such as ethanol and alternative forms of transportation such as electrically powered automobiles would become commercially viable .
Commerce fosters the habits of trust and cooperation on which stable democracy depends .
Egypt is , however , better placed to embrace democracy than the other Arab countries , because the obstacles to democracy in the Arab world are less formidable in Egypt than elsewhere .
Christians , who make up 10 % of the population , are the only sizable minority .
Oil revenues enable them to bribe the population to remain politically passive , while discouraging the creation of the kind of free-market system that breeds democracy .
Worse yet , discretionary non-defense spending includes programs that are indispensable for economic growth -- and economic growth is indispensable for America 's future prosperity and global standing .
The higher the growth rate , the more revenues the government will collect without raising tax rates ; and higher revenues enable smaller deficits .
Unless more deficit reduction , which is inevitable , comes from curbing entitlement benefits and increasing revenues , and less from programs vital for economic growth , the result will be a poorer , weaker US -- and a more uncertain , if not unstable , world .
The particular afternoon was perfect , sunny and quiet , the room 's semi-obscurity hospitable .
I must confess that I also tried , several times , to get rid of that inner self , to find a surrogate capable of representing me better on the social scene .
I studied engineering , not only because I wanted a profession that might protect me from the daily political demagogy , but also because I hoped it would protect me from that essential self I had discovered on an unforgettable post-war July afternoon .
Finally , I was able to hear my own voice in my own book , which also had , as it happened , a green cover .
Nonetheless , the totalitarian experience remains incomparable in its pathology , in its masks and mendacity .
Through language he feels rich and stable ; and when he is fully in charge of his wealth , he gains his citizenship , a sense of belonging .
This is the unmistakable stamp of greatness in a writer .
Its incomparable vitality and language , for example , find their way into the work of the Soviet writer Andrei Platonov .
His carnivalesque odyssey of totalitarianism displays a world of misery , boredom , and obedience in its dark journey to an unreachable paradise .
In today 's free-market carnival , nothing seems visible unless it is scandalous and nothing is scandalous enough to be memorable .
I was living in a miserable hotel in a rundown neighborhood , consumed with a newcomer 's neurotic insecurity .
The attack on the towers of Babel was unexpected but not unpredictable in so far as it represented the hatred of Allah 's fanatical followers for the symbols of modernity .
Every day , at the same hour , he appeared with his metal trunk stuffed with all that he had collected from street corner garbage cans ; it was as if he wanted to ensnare me with his street sorcery so that I could see the city 's unfathomable contrasts .
Misery and magnificence , seduction and neurosis create and recreate the dynamic , unmistakable spectrum of New York life .
It is impossible to take in at once all of the innumerable symphonic or jazz concerts , or parades celebrating ethnic or sexual minorities .
Romania , for its part , has a history not at all admirable in regard to it its `` Roma '' minority , whose shortcomings and deeds always attract blame but never any real action by the state to improve their condition .
His social identity is not the same as Mailat 's , his spiritual `` entity '' is drastically different , but his double crime is no less abominable .
Former generals of the secret police and members of the Communist nomenklatura , untouchable in their comfortable villas and retirements , must derive great pleasure from watching today 's witch hunts and manipulation of old files for immediate political purposes .
Until more information is forthcoming , both from Kundera and from the authorities , the case will not be solved `` beyond reasonable doubt . ''
It highlights the contrast between initiative and apathy , enterprise and obedience , competition and total dependence on a state that embodies a kind of unshakable fate .
In the notorious Walser Debate of 1998 in Germany about the `` unbearable '' way Germans had been portrayed after the Holocaust , I proposed that every country should complement its monuments of heroism with monuments of shame to recall the wrong done to other countries , other peoples , and also to its own people .
I assumed that I was supposed to be provoked into unguarded comments , a method that fashionable TV journalists everywhere use nowadays .
But her example was also an unavoidable reminder of the great dangers of our time .
For someone who lived through two totalitarian systems , it is almost unbearable to contemplate America 's decline .
The speed of our daily life is visibly increased -- and not for the better -- by this unstoppable evolution .
I was thinking again about these old and seemingly unsolvable questions during my re-reading of a quite challenging novel by a close friend and a great writer , not very present in the vivid landscape of American letters of today .
A multilayered and complex chronicle of the devastating tragedies of the twentieth century , Blinding is an insistent , informed , and irreplaceable incursion into the moving landscape of the human soul , its wounds and voids , its vitality and versatility , its deep distortions and its unpredictable dynamics .
The Crescent has cast a seemingly interminable shadow across the length of Pakistan .
Niall Ferguson , the British historian , cites scholars who attribute Japan 's imperial expansion after 1914 to a male youth bulge , and who link the rise of Islamist extremism to an Islamic youth bulge . `` Maybe the coming generation of Asian men without women will find harmless outlets for their inevitable frustrations , like team sports or video games .
Nonetheless , India does need new laws -- direct and enforceable -- that clamp down on the cultural practices that underpin destructive traditions .
As violence is strictly a private matter , relinquishing justice to state institutions could be an unacceptable humiliation .
Girls know that there are options to an unacceptable way of life : women are increasingly demanding more from life than what custom ordains .
Governments and international aid organizations have failed to take into consideration the role of Farhang , perhaps because the power of unwritten law remains largely inconceivable in the West .
Ambiguity is thus a political strategy that encourages the spread of implicit , informal rules of behavior , thereby shifting accountability onto the lowest ranking , least powerful , and most expendable soldiers .
For those who benefit from the politics of ambiguity , international law is an indispensable prop. .
Poor countries and communities are the most vulnerable and have done the least to create the problem .
Resources are more likely to be generated in rich countries and be acceptable in developing countries if they are provided in ways that promote effective spending .
An African Green Fund for both adaptation and mitigation could put resources and experience to good use in one of the most vulnerable parts of the world -- and one that is full of opportunity in the new low-carbon era .
Such tactics are aimed at confronting an enemy that is armed with the most advanced weapons systems , but is vulnerable to sabotage and asymmetrical attack , even latter-day guerilla warfare .
Despite the obvious imbalance with the US in terms of modern armaments , it would be shortsighted to ignore China 's own formidable military hardware .
Moreover , the method is vulnerable to illicit practices , such as collecting receipts issued to foreigners and students , who can not claim their own refunds .
While econometric studies are not available , raw data show an increase in reported income and in the number of firms and official workers .
However , taxable income in the sector is still growing at a slower rate than gross income as measured by national accounts .
They know that their cities are also vulnerable to urban violence , in so far as they have pockets of social inequality , including marginalized and excluded young people .
But mayors are also the most knowledgeable about communication links within their communities , and are thus the most capable of organizing effective partnerships to address and resolve local issues .
The financial-market rules established after 1933 by President Franklin Roosevelt 's New Deal enabled the dollar to replace the British pound at the center of the international system .
In the 2000 's , China became the prime source of debt financing , and Americans were happy , because it enabled the US Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low .
Referee decisions in football , no matter how egregiously erroneous , are incontestable and immutable .
These measures -- and many others that include the overdue use of available technology -- would augment the effectiveness of often-clueless referees , whose authority has declined sharply with the proliferation of decisive mistakes in major games and championships .
Above all , referees must be accountable for their decisions .
But those responsible for a global product on the scale of football surely must act boldly to minimize the most egregious and avoidable errors , and thereby preserve the game 's integrity .
When we compare the genetic material of humans and chimpanzees , we do , indeed , find that it corresponds at nearly 99 of every 100 comparable sites .
This is highly inefficient , because while it is individually rational for depositors to want their money immediately , the bank might have been able to service all of them had they been collectively patient .
As far back as 1873 , in his classic book on central banking , Lombard Street , Walter Bagehot noted that central banks should be able to prevent financial panics by injecting liquidity into the economy .
As with deposit insurance , repurchase agreements solve the coordination failure problem because depositors know that , even if they wait , the bank will be able to accommodate their withdrawals .
Nepal 's Remarkable Peace
Nepal 's Remarkable Peace KATMANDU -- Nepal 's Maoist leader , Pushpa Kamal Dahal , known as `` Prachanda , '' has now been sworn in as the first prime minister of the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal , having won an overwhelming vote in the Constituent Assembly elected in April .
Others are also historically marginalized from the social and political life of the nation , notably the Dalits , sometimes known as `` untouchables , '' who are at the bottom of the Hindu caste system .
Reaching a national consensus will be a formidable task for the Constituent Assembly , and meanwhile the Nepali people can not be expected to wait patiently until a new constitution is drafted to see real improvement in their daily lives .
But the world , too , must be generous and steady in assisting Nepal to sustain the still fragile success of a remarkable peace process .
This is the case where external debt was used to finance low-productivity non-tradable sectors -LRB- say , housing in Spain and Ireland -RRB- .
The start of this turnaround could be associated with the other two trends , as the cumulative result of more favorable policies and increased labor per hectare , but it could also reflect the gradual spread of improved crop varieties that resulted from earlier investment in agricultural technology .
Fortunately , a growing arsenal of solutions is available through local innovations that are increasingly well adapted to Africa 's unique needs .
New data sources about relative impacts are becoming available , and are desperately needed .
The LDP 's declining vote is attributable largely to Abe 's mishandling of pension fund issues , particularly his late admission of knowledge last December about 50 million `` lost '' pension files .
Indeed , a DPJ member of the Diet was able to pose pointed questions to Abe and his ministers because he had obtained detailed information from an unidentified Social Security Agency official .
In the meantime , Japan will drift , unable to take any significant foreign policy decision at a time when Asia 's security landscape is changing rapidly .
Political instability and gridlock have been the inevitable result .
Conversely , should the DPJ gain a simple majority , its inexperienced government will immediately have to cope with the same intractable policy issues that the LDP failed to confront .
For most of the last decade , the DPJ was not seen as a viable alternative to the LDP , although they appeared to form a pseudo-two-party system .
Unable to pay off its constituencies , disintegration looms , for the LDP has never been a party with entrenched grass-roots support , but instead operates as a machine of power and redistribution through a web of insiders across the country 's industrial sectors , occupational associations , and local communities .
Moreover , he evidently believes that the geo-strategic value of the bases enable him to bargain for a major US compromise .
Above all , he must not play with fire : the US-Japan alliance is a public good that is indispensable for the peace and security of the Asia-Pacific region .
Formerly , the LDP and the Japan Socialist Party -LRB- JSP -RRB- disguised their ideological confrontation , at least publicly , while making deals under the table after behind-the-scenes negotiations .
Indeed , Japanese Sumo circles are now facing growing public infamy , causing many Japanese to wonder if the country , after 20 years of stagnation , is capable of purifying itself .
Backed by an enraged public , the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department -LRB- MPD -RRB- recently searched some 30 sites , including a raid on a major Sumo `` stable , '' or training center .
Sumo , as a traditional spectacle , can not survive without respectable patrons .
But Japan 's wealthiest people , such as entrepreneurs , medical doctors , and lawyers , are nowadays less willing or financially able to continue patronizing the sport , particularly since the collapse of Japan 's asset bubble in the early 1990 's .
Instead , these respectable supporters have gradually been replaced over the years by a shady new class of rich Japanese , who have risen through loan-sharking and other dubious businesses .
As a result , some Sumo stables have become associated in one way or another with people running front companies for Yakuza organizations .
That increase would enable Treasury mandarins to maintain their latitude in setting fiscal policy , while making it unnecessary to streamline special-account budget financing for gargantuan public corporations , into which retiring bureaucrats parachute for lucrative jobs .
Because the DPJ has neither an upper-house majority nor the two-thirds lower-house majority needed to override upper-house votes , his government will be unable to pass budget and\/or appropriation bills by the end of the current fiscal year , March 31 , 2011 .
An Ozawa government might be stable only if he could form a grand coalition . Yet , given strong public sentiment against Ozawa , that is impossible .
For the moment , Japan 's political situation is stable , but that will last for the next six months , at most .
Forgetting also enables us to forgive others .
It is an understandable , pragmatic suggestion -- but not necessarily a good one .
The opportunities seem endless , from building stronger , lighter materials and manufacturing tremendously powerful yet incredibly small computers , to developing new sustainable energy sources and devising personalized cures for cancer .
The challenge we face is to find answers that will enable producers and regulators to make sound , science-based decisions , and to develop an oversight system that inspires consumer confidence .
If sustainable nanotechnology is to be built on sound science , global research strategies must be supported by innovative policies and accompanied by sufficient funds to do the job .
But , however admirable this sentiment may be , there is no `` scientific truth '' about the `` right '' level of disparities and the correct speed of convergence .
Today , they are comparable with American income disparities .
The go-it-alone strategy practiced by most African countries has left them vulnerable to the whims of former colonial powers determined to perpetuate an international division of labor that assigns to Africa the role of supplier of basic products and raw materials , rather than skilled , well-paid labor .
The AU must secure an AAA bond rating in order to tap international capital markets on the most favorable terms , which includes issuing bonds on African exchanges .
Suitable control systems should be put in place to stop and correct any failure to meet the established rules by any means necessary , including suspension of membership or exclusion of culprit countries .
That makes it all the more important that African countries , many of which have laid a strong groundwork for sustainable growth , have a financial system in place that can leverage remittances effectively as the global economy recovers .
But it is the dichotomized nature of their economies and finances that represents Africa 's most intractable structural imbalance .
Non-banking financial institutions such as foreign exchange bureaus , post offices , and micro-finance lenders are not admitted , even when they are financially sound and sustainable .
The CFA franc issued by two sub-regional central banks -LRB- BCEAO and BEAC -RRB- are not interchangeable . As a result , regional trade and economic integration have been stifled .
Back then , imported goods consisted mainly of beads , alcohol , and , most importantly , weapons , which enabled these rulers to exercise extreme violence over their people .
Yet , despite the difficulties that have bedeviled the CFA -LRB- and the euro of late -RRB- -- indeed , despite the absence of viable regional customs unions -LRB- except in the East African Community -RRB- , let alone a single market -- Africans retain a strong allegiance to the idea of a currency union .
Africa stands to benefit from a massive economic turnaround , provided that the right environment for sustainable growth and rising productivity is created .
Hence , the import of Chinese labor into a continent not lacking in able-bodied workers .
Throughout the 1960 's and 1970 's , sizeable export earnings , combined with easy access to credit , fueled an economic surge dubbed the `` Ivorian miracle . ''
Elite corruption and incompetence , a population vulnerable to demagogic manipulation , and the ruthlessness of French neo-colonialism have combined to plunge francophone Africa into a deadly cycle of violence , humiliation , and hopelessness .
Unfortunately , Wade turned out to be almost a caricature of the dozy African potentate for whom power , nepotism , and embezzlement become indistinguishable .
The banks and speculators reap handsome gains , governments are overburdened with unsustainable commercial debts , the domestic productive sector is starved of medium - and long-term financing , and most people remain mired in appalling poverty .
But for France 's African allies , grafting a program of economic integration onto a pre-existing artificial monetary union is delusory and unworkable .
Still , despite all these costly measures paid for by Africans , all the post-evaluation reports on completed projects indicated that the overwhelming majority of projects were unable to generate the revenues needed to service the debts that financed them .
Partnerships with foreign companies were designed to allow local businesses to benefit from technology transfer and training , while creating the most favorable conditions for local producers to add value to domestic production and exports .
In the face of these undeniable facts , the path chosen by the IMF and the World Bank was , at best , a mark of their incompetence and , at worst , a deliberate ploy to keep the sub-Saharan countries and their populations in bondage .
These clauses have yet to be invoked , but for the sake of unity and to strengthen the solidarity of African countries , it would be advisable for the nascent African Union take the lead .
The celebrated pipeline between Chad and Cameroon caused water pollution , devastated pygmies ' hunting grounds , destroyed harvests , and spread AIDS - perhaps the inevitable result of ill-educated migrant workers toiling thousands of miles from home , with a horde of prostitutes following them .
Capital flight stems from myriad causes : debt servicing , the awarding to foreign firms of almost all contracts financed by multilateral lenders -LRB- and exemptions from taxes and duties on these goods and services -RRB- , unfavorable terms of trade , speculation , free transfer of benefits , foreign exchange reserves held in foreign accounts , and domestic private capital funneled abroad .
The lethal combination of these factors thwarts any prospect of economic growth while leading to an unsustainable level of debt .
These obstacles are neither insurmountable nor unique to sub-Saharan Africa .
Sound economic policies , sustainable economic growth , and adequate rates of return on investment tend to reverse capital flight .
As for sub-Saharan Africa , the `` Washington Consensus '' - economic liberalization , deregulation of capital movements , suppression of subsidies , and privatization - runs against the very policies needed to promote political improvements , a stable macroeconomic environment , enlarged financial markets , and lower debt overhang .
These are the essential conditions for launching sustainable economic growth in the region .
Economic liberalization , deregulation of capital movements , suppression of subsidies , privatization of valuable public assets -LRB- liquidation would be a more appropriate word -RRB- , fiscal austerity , high interest rates , and repressed demand became the order of the day .
Their loans were designed to perpetuate Africa 's role as a supplier of raw materials , while entangling the continent in an inextricable web of debts and dependency on the `` aid industry . ''
Rejecting IMF demands for higher interest rates , utility price increases , budget tightening , and maintenance of the peso 's unsustainable link to the US dollar , Nestor Kirchner 's government was able to chart its own economic course .
In September 2003 , Argentina did the unthinkable : a temporary default to the IMF itself .
If oil prices remain high -- likely in the foreseeable future , given strong demand from the US , Japan , China , and India -- oil revenues could reach $ 400-600 billion .
In so unstable a continent , one saturated with weaponry , pouring in more guns is hardly welcome .
However , in our current era of political correctness , outright separation between the north and the south remains unmentionable .
Africa 's Integration Imperative Karl Marx predicted that states would wither away in anticipation of an idyllic communist society capable of auto-regulating economic imbalances and empowering the masses .
As for African countries , the politics and economics of globalization have stripped them of their assets and natural resources and left them with an unbearable debt burden .
By contrast , sub-Saharan Africa 's historical legacy of artificial and unmanageable colonial boundaries , ethnic antagonisms , its citizens ' deficit of self-respect , and an appalling record of leadership failures has hampered its quest for economic integration .
But a sector-by-sector approach could mitigate these handicaps , and , given the pressing need to address demand for energy and climate change , it might be strategically advisable to start with the energy sector .
Harnessing the hydroelectric power of the Congo Basin alone would be enough to meet all of Africa 's energy needs , or to light the entire continent of South America . Moreover , establishing an African grid would enable power from the Democratic Republic of Congo to be delivered to southern European countries such as Spain , Portugal , and Italy .
Trouble in the Sudan would , by necessity , spill over its frontiers , and vice versa . A turbulent and unstable Sudan would not therefore be a catalyst of peace and stability in Africa , and vice versa . ''
But nationalism is , of course , not inevitably violent : it flares into conflict only in places with a flammable legacy .
It is to recognize that in some places divorce is inevitable , and to ensure that it is as amicable as possible .
The Scottish Parliament , however , is able to legislate over health services , education , local government , housing , criminal and civil justice , and economic development .
Nor does religion play a discernible role ; while Roman Catholics used to fear independence as being liable to result in Protestant hegemony , today Catholics and Protestants are roughly equal in their support of Scotland 's institutions .
This precedent offers an important lesson for Thailand and other countries facing intractable insurgencies .
Yet , despite such alarming levels of bloodshed , the insurgency has been under-reported and under-researched , barely registering on the international community 's radar screen , largely because the conflict can not be reduced to a sound bite-friendly narrative of identifiable bad guys and good guys .
Second , outcomes are not predictable .
The military 's belief that Malay Muslims could be re-educated and re-socialized into accepting a Thai identity has proved untenable .
Few of them seriously believe that a tiny separate Patani state , wedged between Thailand and Malaysia , would be viable .
Bilaterally , the Strategic Economic Dialogue -LRB- SED -RRB- , which has been an invaluable forum for building US-China economic relations , has been especially important in strengthening our lines of communication and cooperation during the crisis .
Lending large sums before assessing root causes and determining appropriate policy responses can undermine the IFIs ' credibility and reduce the capital available to assist other countries in need .
In the period since , we have had our ups and downs , but most member states have made a considerable effort to get their house in order .
As a consequence , a wholly unacceptable long-term burden has been imposed on taxpayers .
Privatizing banks ' profits and socializing their losses is not acceptable in democratic societies .
If successful , they will impair the revival of a transparent , responsible , and vibrant securitization market -- a market that , if properly managed , can contribute meaningfully to sustainable , long-term economic growth .
It restrains excessive credit expansion during booms , while reducing the risk of bank failure or a much diminished capital base in recessions , thereby enabling bank lending to kick-start a sustainable recovery .
We would , they predicted , launch satellites , dispatch humans on orbital flights , assemble a large earth-orbiting space station , build reusable space shuttles , construct space telescopes , and send humans to the moon , Venus , and Mars .
True to the plan , humans built scientific satellites , communication satellites , reconnaissance or `` spy '' satellites , space stations , and reusable space shuttles .
But none of this proved necessary , owing to remarkable advances in robotics , solid-state electronics , imaging , data collection , and communication .
The hippocampus , a key structure in the formation of memories of events and contexts , expresses receptors that enable it to respond to stress hormones in the blood .
Indeed , in key respects depression is comparable to Cushing 's disease , a disorder cause by excessive production of cortisol .
If so , new , the new antidepressants would have to target what appear to be progressive neurodegenerative changes in the brain , which we infer are taking place because recurrence of depression is so high under currently available treatments .
· Tolerable stress , which results from serious life events -- for example , divorce , death of a loved one , loss of a job -- but where the affected person has good support systems .
The difference between tolerable and toxic stress depends on the perceived degree of control that a person experiences .
Social support by friends and family is vital to ameliorating the effects of tolerable stress and keeping it from becoming toxic .
The brain 's response to stress does not necessarily constitute `` damage '' per se and is amenable to reversal as well as prevention by treatments that include drugs , exercise , diet , and social support .
In a rapidly growing developing country whose financial system is still immature , introducing exchange-rate flexibility in order to insulate domestic macroeconomic policy from the ebb and flow of international payments , as the IMF advocates , is an even more questionable strategy .
Greater economic openness , coupled with the fixed nominal exchange rate , ended China 's inflationary roller-coaster ride , and , after 1994 , real GDP growth also became more stable .
True , China 's economy is now growing robustly and is not likely to face actual deflation anytime soon , but if China does fall into a zero-interest rate trap , the PBC , like the BOJ , would be unable to offset deflationary pressure in the event of a large exchange-rate appreciation .
Instead of stable guidelines with a well-defined monetary -LRB- exchange rate -RRB- anchor and a firm mandate to complete financial liberalization , China 's macroeconomic and financial decision making will be ad hoc and anybody 's guess -- as was true , and still is , for Japan .
While acknowledging that trauma is often all too memorable , these certain clinical trauma theorists assert that a condition known as `` traumatic dissociative amnesia '' leaves a large minority of victims unable to recall their trauma , precisely because it was so overwhelmingly terrifying .
On the contrary , these buried memories silently poison the lives of victims , giving rise to seemingly inexplicable psychiatric symptoms , and therefore must be exhumed for healing to occur .
But it is the advocates who misinterpret the data when attempting to show that victims are often unable to recall their traumatic experiences .
Advocates of traumatic amnesia misconstrue these reports as showing that victims are unable to remember the horrific event itself .
Yet if these individuals were unable to remember their abuse , on what basis would they attempt to recall it in the first place ?
But not thinking about something is not the same thing as being unable to remember it .
The sometimes intolerable withdrawal symptoms that can make it difficult and hazardous to stop taking anti-depressants also expose many users to severe and depressing side effects : substantial weight gain , loss of libido , and mood changes , to name just the most common complaints .
Yet in this case they provided , collectively , more reliable evidence than that reported in numerous controlled clinical trials .
In the long run , the anti-depressant crisis thus may prove to be a blessing in disguise , but only if it brings about the transparency and intellectual honesty needed to make the medical profession ultimately accountable to the people it claims to serve .
Nowadays , low salaries make many lives here miserable , pensions are a joke , and the shadow economy is vast .
As a great -LRB- and already American at that time -RRB- writer Vladimir Nabokov wrote in the 1970s : `` From all the decrees of nature the most remarkable one is , possibly , the survival of the weakest . ''
The easiest and the most understandable idea for Russians to cling to is patriotism .
Victory Day this year will likely be the last `` round '' anniversary of 1945 that Russia can commemorate while many thousands of veterans are alive and able to participate .
The system was dead already , and it is to Yeltsin 's great credit that he was able to bring Russia out of the ruins in one piece .
In the US , the ratio is -- once again -- more favorable to women , with more than 20 % of professors at American universities being female .
Europe can not afford to waste valuable human capital at a time when China and India are on the rise and its own population is aging .
Not only can and must fathers assume a greater role in child rearing ; a large part of homemaking is perfectly suitable to be met by the market .
Women should be able to aspire to top jobs without squandering their fertility , and their success would encourage women in lower-ranking positions , because female managers tend to implement more gender-conscious hiring policies and serve as strong role models .
Studies show that companies with more women in senior management are more profitable than those with few women at the top .
However , the tables have turned .
Under Sweden 's so-called `` Sex Purchase Law , '' paying for sex is punishable by fines or up to six months in prison , plus the humiliation of public exposure .
But this is merely a way of justifying the exploitation of mostly vulnerable women -LRB- there is also a much smaller number of male prostitutes in the Netherlands , but they are not pimped out like female prostitutes -RRB- .
In view of the country 's shrinking workforce and already high capital-to-labor ratio , it is also understandable that German investors do not see many domestic investment opportunities , and instead choose to invest abroad .
It is , of course , unfortunate that German banks and pension funds lent money to debt-laden countries such as Spain , Greece , and Portugal on overly favorable terms , inflating asset bubbles that eventually had to burst .
Evergreen 's management cited the much higher government support available in China as its reason for the move .
According to Blinder , 42-56 million US jobs -- about one-third of all public - and private-sector jobs in the country -- are vulnerable for offshoring .
The draft Constitution provides acceptable answers to many questions of governance .
These social protections are laudable , but all have a cost .
Natural monopolies are sometimes economically desirable , and it is legislators , not judges , who should decide whether and when they are to be permitted .
Nicolas Sarkozy 's presidential election triumph in May , and now the victory of his party , the UMP , in the parliamentary election , has created the most favorable opportunity in decades for deep structural reform in France .
The law 's most onerous provisions are those regulating the terms of employment contracts , for they condemn employers who decide to close a plant to a marathon of legal proceedings of uncertain duration and unpredictable outcome .
Such arrangements , which should be described as government-sponsored commercialism , are considered unacceptable by all relevant international declarations .
During 2005 and 2006 , the flow of EU directives , regulations , and associated reports , green papers , and communications continued at the same rate as the 2,800 a year chalked up in 1996 , when Jacques Delors was at the helm of the European Commission and the EU project was being widely hailed as unstoppable .
The EU 's problem is not its so-called `` constitutional crisis , '' but rather its lack of a recognizable political identity .
The key point here is that Europe wo n't be able to upgrade the job later .
There is considerable lingering ill will over his role in the invasion of Iraq , and there is the inconvenient fact that he is from Euro-skeptic Britain , and that many on the left view him as a leader whose `` third way '' was a betrayal of socialism .
Europe 's problem is that it lacks a clearly identifiable leader .
The European External Action Service -LRB- EEAS -RRB- , which is meant to enable the EU `` to speak with one voice , '' was launched only at the end of 2010 and many senior positions remain unfilled .
It remains to be seen whether the two events will be capable of swinging world opinion in China 's favor and keeping it there .
Indeed , the government 's suspicion of the international media is liable to spark friction when thousands of journalists arrive and inevitably widen their coverage beyond athletics to politics and human rights .
For example , like much of the country , Gansu Province , at China 's geographical center , is grappling with structural and social problems that range from the daunting to the apparently insuperable .
While it has been making slow but steady progress , its future is clouded by worsening water shortages ; though it straddles the Yellow River , the water table is dwindling fast .
It will probably take several generations before a workable EU-wide political system emerges , but the first step is for the EU to encourage people to have their say , however uncomfortable that may be .
Relations between Europe and Russia have been deteriorating for several years , but once manageable economic issues , including energy , are now being aggravated by much more volatile political differences .
World famous but controversial , Blair is capable of rallying public opinion and giving the European project the high profile that the EU craves .
But he 's also liable to turn a 30-month ceremonial post as the EU 's figurehead into one with much more political clout than its 27 national leaders might like .
The parliament is a further wild card in this wholly undemocratic and unpredictable process .
In years past , only governments could torpedo candidates for Europe 's top jobs , but now the parliament also will be able to reject them .
When the Union was smaller and more modest , inter-governmental horse-trading seemed acceptable , not least because national politicians could downplay the importance of `` Europe . ''
Today , with the EU eager to play a forceful role on the world stage , a move towards a more open system appears to be inevitable . The EU 's interlocutors in Washington , Beijing , and elsewhere already make it plain that national leaders claiming to speak for Europe lack credibility , as do EU leaders who so evidently have no convincing political mandate .
This is not , needless to say , because Europeans crave the rigors of America 's less cosseted social conditions , but because it 's the only way that European governments will be able to stay afloat financially .
EU governments have wanted a pliable Commission , but now the cost could be the death of the `` community method '' that protects the EU against national frictions .
The European Commission 's watchword has been that the integrity of the Single Market must be defended at all costs , and that it will use its formidable legal powers to ensure that bailouts and other state aid by EU governments do not distort fair competition .
The parliament has been able to claw greater power for itself because it is the only mechanism Europe has for questioning and challenging EU policy proposals , and ironing out the sometimes clumsy and high-handed diktats of Brussels ' officialdom .
However , the legendary tandems of the past-de Gaulle and Adenauer , Valéry Giscard d'Estaing and Helmut Schmidt , François Mitterrand and Helmut Kohl-have not been succeeded by a comparable duo .
In postcommunist Eastern Europe , Germany is no longer perceived as an absolutely dependable advocate of the region 's needs .
France , in turn , had to swallow the Stability and Growth Pact to convince a reluctant German public that the euro would be as stable as the Deutsche Mark .
It is understandable that good Europeans like the Dutch and the Finns find it unacceptable that heavyweights like France and Germany now claim to be more equal than smaller countries .
Americans see this as the key battleground in the war on terror , and Europeans want stable , responsive governments that stem the flow of illegal migration and organized crime .
Both sides have much to offer , so we should pool the best proposals available and begin implementing them together .
Collectively , the Germans had not been the innocent victims of a small gang of criminal outsiders called `` Nazis '' -- Nazism had been an inside ideology supported by millions of Germans , and every German was liable for its atrocities whether or not he or she had adhered to it individually .
But excusing Nazi atrocities by pointing to Stalinist crimes is an intellectually and morally unacceptable stratagem .
The latter option , once unthinkable , is possible because Berlusconi is not running the type of inflammatory electoral campaign that he has in the past .
Born as a `` plastic party '' to unite a gamut of political forces following the implosion of the Christian Democrats in 1994 , Berlusconi 's Forza Italia showed itself to be a very cunningly structured movement , with a strong and stable consensus among its members on core doctrine .
The purpose of this realignment was to create more stable large parties , but further changes are likely .
On the international scene , the American diplomatic cables recently released by WikiLeaks highlight American suspicions about Italy , which are not limited to the country 's ties -- too close , according to the US State Department -- to Vladimir Putin 's Russia , to Libya , and to Iran .
Berlusconi regards his `` commercial diplomacy '' as a formidable defensive weapon , which may help explain why he is not too concerned about how his actions in this area are perceived on the international front .
Nor he is overly worried about the domestic scene , since opponents are deeply divided and thus unable to offer an electoral alternative .
Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti is a safe pair of hands for the country 's fiscal policy , yet the government has been unable to revive economic growth .
But will it be able to deal with a brewing political crisis , too ? The answer is likely to be as paradoxical as Italian politics : temporarily definitive .
Crisis-related discriminatory macroeconomic measures taken in 2009 by all the main emerging economies other than India and Brazil are comparable to those in the US and throughout the EU .
Last but not least , the core emerging economies have abstained from increasing tariffs , and their stimulus packages grant much more limited subsidies to the banking and automobile sectors than do comparable packages in OECD countries .
It is fashionable nowadays to look to stricter international rules as `` the solution '' to most global problems , But such a strategy is not well-suited to an ongoing shift in international economic relations .
At the same time , they are still far from being able either to exert leadership or introduce more discipline themselves .
As regulation is a form of competition between governments , focusing on improved regulation increasingly looks like the best channel of influence available to OECD countries .
With the exception of what appears to be a covert effort to force EU countries to raise corporate taxes to French and German levels , there is ostensibly nothing unreasonable in the Competitiveness Pact .
Raising the retirement age to 67 , abolishing wage indexation , and compelling countries to enshrine a debt brake in their national constitutions are reasonable measures to enhance competitiveness and restore confidence in the euro .
Given the huge public protests sparked by that move , the official 's statement seems eminently believable .
Until states such as Saudi Arabia , Syria , and others vigorously dry up the inflows of people and money that sustain the insurgency , Iraq will never become stable , democratic , and prosperous .
This requires a different type of force , and one capable of running a marathon rather than a sprint , sustaining major deployments for extended periods .
This will capitalize on the US military 's ability to project force around the world quickly , while providing a more flexible and politically palatable way of doing so .
He is also concerned that an increase in the size of the military will diminish funds available for advanced technology and systems .
Radicals use the inability to attain political objectives peacefully to inspire fanatical action and to justify forms of violence normally considered unacceptable .
Terrorism , for bin Laden and his allies , is the only method available to strike at the West effectively .
The Bush position also assumes that fundamental political and economic change is feasible and affordable -- that open political and economic systems can be sustained with only modest effort -- because the desire for freedom and prosperity is universal .
Finally , this perspective assumes that democracies will be willing or able to control radicalism and crack down on extremists .
Thus , despots like Ferdinand Marcos in the Philippines and Chun Doo-hwan in Korea were jettisoned , because the price of supporting their despicable regimes became greater than the benefits .
To prevent another recession or worse , the leaders of the 20 wealthiest nations must take aggressive action at the semi-annual G-20 summit in Seoul to develop a broad agenda for more balanced , equitable , and sustainable global growth -- and to oversee its strict implementation .
To make this happen , all major players must remain committed to free trade within the context of a fair and equitable global system , and they must communicate this commitment respectfully , forcefully , and repeatedly to their own publics .
Educating and empowering poor and disadvantaged groups around the world , including women , is not only a moral imperative , it is also one of the best investments in long-term , sustainable growth that world leaders can possibly make .
With America less able to play the leading role in managing the world economy , in some ways responsibility has now shifted to the G-20 , with the US and China in the forefront , to set a course of collaboration and coordination , in word and in deed , that can guide global economic growth for the twenty-first century .
While the Iraq quagmire has made it difficult for America to project force around the world , America 's growing debt , conflicts with friends and enemies alike , absence of any perceivable strategy for changing times , and its political system 's seeming inability to take action to address these challenges have combined to turn America into a struggling giant .
Working to rebuild the traditional bipartisan foreign-policy consensus would also make the US a far more predictable partner to friends and allies around the world .
The world community is not there yet , and until it is , the world needs a new kind of American leader -- a leader able to inspire Americans to fix their problems at home and work with partners across the globe in promoting a common agenda as bold and progressive as the order built from the ashes of World War II 60 years ago .
Although many states now hide behind an alleged universal principle of inviolable state sovereignty , for example , would the international community really want to go back to the old model where states did whatever they wanted to their citizens within the confines of their own borders ?
It is equally clear that Asian states are not yet ready to assume the more meaningful leadership in global affairs that will be necessary to ensure that this tectonic shift can make the world more stable and secure than it has been .
The signs of Asia 's rise are unmistakable .
America 's interventions in Vietnam and Iraq , its opposition to the Kyoto Protocol and insatiable consumption of natural resources , its role in creating the current financial crisis , the abuses at Abu Ghraib , and much else highlight America 's flawed record .
Let Afghans Lead Afghan Reform NEW YORK -- Although the outcome remains uncertain , Afghanistan 's presidential election has demonstrated that the Afghan people yearn for more accountable leadership .
The US and the international community focused far too little on building a suitable structure of governance after the 2001 intervention .
The best way to help make Afghanistan 's government more accountable to its people over the long term is by working to strengthen Afghan democracy , but this level of accountability is still far off -- and Afghanistan desperately needs better governance now .
Unless adequately addressed , official corruption will fatally undermine conditions in Afghanistan and make the continuation of international support unsustainable and success impossible .
Given its growing profile , China must do far more to demonstrate its bona fides as a responsible global leader or risk undermining the system that has enabled its own miraculous rise .
China has been an enormous beneficiary of this system , and its rise would have been unthinkable without the US-led free-trade system and globalization process , access to US markets , and global shipping lanes secured by the US Navy .
But China 's history of humiliation at the hands of European colonial powers has made its leaders ardent supporters of inviolable national rights and suspicious of any sacrifice of sovereignty .
If China sees inviolable state sovereignty as the foundation of twenty-first century international affairs , as now appears to be the case , then it must explain why this principle will not lead to the same disastrous consequences as it did in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
But if China 's leaders will neither do more to support the current international system , nor articulate an alternative , and instead continue to hark back to nineteenth-century models of inviolable sovereignty , they will destroy a global order that , warts and all , has served the world exceedingly well .
Sri Lanka is blessed with brilliant people , indefatigable civil-society organizations , decent courts and infrastructure , and abundant natural resources .
As was the case in South Africa , this approach can lay an essential foundation for a sustainable and effective reconciliation process .
The Cold War had lasted so long that change seemed unimaginable until freedom burst forth .
Change might have come by evolution , not revolution . Might Krenz and the Communist reformers who had seized power just weeks earlier have been able to channel popular unrest , or even defuse it ?
Most notable was a word : Freiheit .
We often think of history as something inevitable , a culmination of great , grinding forces that can only lead to one destination .
The answer seems to consist in those countless individual choices at key moments , the accidents of human messiness , such as Schabowski 's `` botch , '' so small and so understandable , yet so earthshaking .
The event was videotaped , to be aired to an astonished nation the next day , but in the rush the cameraman 's power cable was yanked from the wall as the convicted couple was dragged out to an open-air courtyard .
But the fear that rogue scientists will take advantage of athletes -- or that athletes will seek to enroll in gene-transfer experiments in an attempt to receive some undetectable performance benefit -- is very real .
Above all , it is not acceptable for the world of sport to impose a moral view about the role of enhancement technology on nations that wish to participate in the Olympics , without implementing an extensive and ongoing consultative process to accompany its policy decision .
This can not involve the creation of working groups that merely pay lip service to ethical debate , but must enable non-sports organizations to develop their own policy framework for the regulation of ` gene doping ' and , more broadly , the use of genetic information .
Yes , African has some failed states , but most of its 53 countries are mostly peaceful , agreeable places .
The argument should instead be focused on how to get the most effective results out of aid , both for the recipients and for a donor country 's tax-payers . Aid , I believe , is best focused on infrastructure -- the bridges , roads , Internet cables , and power stations that will help our economies to grow and allow us to trade more easily with each other .
For 50 years , tobacco companies employed a stable of scientists to assert -LRB- sometimes under oath -RRB- that they did not believe there was conclusive evidence that smoking cigarettes causes lung cancer .
By using the best evidence available at the time , hundreds of additional deaths were avoided .
It is time to return to first principles : use the best science available , but do not demand certainty where it does not exist .
During the Round Table negotiations that brought about the end of communist rule , a compromise was reached between the reform wing of the communist government and Solidarity . This cleared a path to the peaceful dismantling of communist dictatorship throughout the entire Soviet bloc .
Since 1989 , governments changed , but the state remained stable ; even the postcommunists approved the rules of parliamentary democracy and a market economy .
I see him also during underground meetings of `` Solidarity '' and during the 1989 Round Table negotiations ; I see him in our parliament declaring the end of the Polish People 's Republic , and on CNN announcing that Poland had joined NATO .
Bronek was proud of Poland 's stubborn will to freedom , its achievements , the democratic transformation which , thanks to the compromise reached at the Round Table negotiations , allowed for a bloodless end to dictatorship . He was proud of Poland 's membership in NATO and the European Union , of Polish economic successes .
And he was describing himself as well when he cited Bloch : `` Attached to my country , fed with her spiritual heritage and its history , unable to imagine any other country where I could breathe freely , I loved and served it with all my strength .
The only way to avoid this undesirable result is credibly to exclude all support for shareholders and creditors of a financial institution heading toward bankruptcy .
After all , the main source of systemic instability in financial systems is excessive leverage -- and the reckless lending that it enables -- by deposit-taking institutions .
So , on balance , it seems that global inequality has been relatively stable during the last two decades .
But even when people do not work together , globalization , by bringing the world to everyone 's living room -LRB- or hut -RRB- , enables them to make much wider comparisons of their living standards .
But they can not fail to notice that the processes they support undercut their own position by rendering the wealth gap more obvious and the fairness of the actual global distribution more questionable .
It is inconceivable that Brazilian , Cameroonian , or Japanese doctors , computer scientists , blue-collar workers , or bank tellers could move from one country to another as easily as Brazilian , Cameroonian , or Japanese football players do .
So wherever globalization and full commercialization reign supreme , there is an unmistakable concentration of quality and success .
The reason for this concentration at the top is obvious : the richest clubs are now able to attract the best players in the world .
They would bring home skills , technology , and connections that are as valuable as the skills that Eto'o , Essien , or Messi bring back to Cameroon , Ghana , or Argentina .
Any globalization that is limited to the first three or four freedoms but omits the last one is partial and not sustainable .
The United States plans to construct a veritable `` Mexican Wall '' to keep poor people from crossing into Texas or California .
And , while domestic problems may seem intractable , distance increases the confusion and fatigue induced by seemingly intractable international problems .
I had not been able to visit while serving in government for security reasons .
There is remarkable work being done to create opportunities , as well as to prevent catastrophe .
An ounce of prevention is certainly desirable , but because nothing can be proved totally safe -- at least , not to the standard demanded by many regulators -- the precautionary principle has become a self-defeating impediment to the development of new products .
Rather than creating a uniform , predictable , and scientifically sound framework for effectively managing legitimate risks , the bio-safety protocol establishes an ill-defined global regulatory process that permits overly risk-averse , incompetent , or corrupt regulators to hide behind the precautionary principle in delaying or deferring approvals .
Scientists worldwide agree that GM is merely a refinement , or improvement , over less precise and predictable genetic techniques that have been used for centuries , but this exquisite new means to develop plants with higher yields and innovative traits will be blocked by the disincentive of unnecessary regulations .
The UN and its secretary-general should be held accountable for this human rights catastrophe .
It saved countless lives and reduced the need for costly -LRB- and often unavailable -RRB- hospital stays and intravenous rehydration .
The solution -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- may be an ingenious , affordable innovation from Ventria Bioscience that combines high - and low-tech components to deliver what could be a veritable Holy Grail : two proteins produced inexpensively in rice that radically improve the effectiveness of rehydration solutions .
Biopharming has brought us to the verge of a safe , affordable solution to one of the developing world 's most pressing health problems .
Many people in poor countries die from cancers that are preventable or treatable in wealthier societies , but they often succumb to other scourges as well , such as infectious diseases .
As the United Nations ' own data make clear , infectious diseases , many of them preventable and treatable , remain the scourge of poorer populations .
Vaccines to prevent hepatitis A and B -LRB- and C , when one becomes available -RRB- reduce the incidence not only of the viral infections , but also of sequelae such as cirrhosis and hepatic carcinoma .
One news article reported the study and FDA alert with this headline , `` Are children dying for an inch or two ? '' -- language guaranteed to terrify the tens of thousands of patients -LRB- and the innumerable body-builders and athletes who use the drug off-label -RRB- who have taken the hormone over the past 26 years .
But the two groups are not at all comparable : kids who receive the drug are far from normal .
There is a reproducible , undeniable association between fires and fire engines , but that does n't mean that the latter cause the former .
But the techniques they were relatively crude and recently have been supplemented -- and in many cases replaced -- by `` the new biotechnology , '' a set of enabling techniques that enable genetic modification at the molecular level .
The prototype of these techniques , variously called gene-splicing or genetic modification -LRB- `` GM '' -RRB- , is a more precise , better understood , and more predictable method for altering genetic material than was possible previously .
An authoritative 1989 analysis of genetic technologies by the US National Research Council summarized the scientific consensus : `` With classical techniques of gene transfer , a variable number of genes can be transferred , the number depending on the mechanism of transfer ; but predicting the precise number or the traits that have been transferred is difficult , and we can not always predict the -LRB- traits -RRB- that will result .
The new gene-splicing techniques have yielded many important new research tools and commercial products , and have only begun to change the way we do biological research and to increase the choices available to farmers , food producers , physicians , and consumers .
History suggests that if we were to make these drugs available to poor countries for ring prophylaxis , they would often be administered improperly -- such as in sub-optimal doses -- in a way that would promote viral resistance and only intensify a pandemic .
In theory , we could simply supplement children 's diets with vitamin A in capsules , or add it to some staple foodstuff , the way that we add iodine to table salt to prevent hypothyroidism and goiter .
Unfortunately , neither the resources -- hundreds of millions of dollars annually -- nor the infrastructure for distribution are available .
Unfortunately , flawed public policy limits the available options .
With DDT unavailable , many mosquito-control authorities are depleting their budgets by repeated spraying with short-acting , marginally effective insecticides .
In 2006 , after roughly 50 million preventable deaths , the United Nations ' World Health Organization reversed course and endorsed the use of DDT to kill and repel Anopheles mosquitoes .
First , governments should re-evaluate the voluminous data on DDT that have been compiled since the 1970 's , and they should make DDT available immediately for mosquito control indoors .
Second , governments should oppose international restrictions on DDT and withhold all funding from UN agencies that oppose the use of the `` best available technology '' -LRB- including DDT -RRB- to control mosquito-borne diseases .
People now hear only the reflexively anti-pesticide drumbeat of the environmental movement , the lamentable legacy of the benighted Rachel Carson and her acolytes .
Achieving this goal could offer scientists unprecedented opportunities for innovation , and better enable them to craft bespoke microorganisms and plants that produce pharmaceuticals , clean up toxic wastes , and obtain -LRB- or `` fix '' -RRB- nitrogen from the air -LRB- obviating the need for chemical fertilizers -RRB- .
It was able to direct the synthesis of viral proteins in the absence of a natural template .
Synthetic biology offers the prospect of powerful new tools for research and development in innumerable fields .
In the short term , it is essential to prevent economic overheating : annual real GDP growth exceeded 10 % in 2010 , owing to expansionary fiscal and monetary policies and favorable terms of trade .
Ensuring that domestic demand decelerates to a more sustainable pace is necessary to moderate the upward pressure on prices that threatens the credibility of the inflation-targeting monetary-policy framework -- indeed , in April , the 12-month consumer inflation rate breached the upper limit of the central bank 's tolerance band .
Brazil is currently benefiting from a favorable external environment , strong international credibility , and unprecedented prosperity for ever-larger segments of the population .
But another recent study done in the UK showed that research conducted in several countries was uniformly favorable to acupuncture as a treatment for the damage caused by stroke .
Particularly at a time when standard rehabilitation is not available for most Chinese stroke patients , few will wait to try acupuncture until its role is confirmed or refuted by reliable evidence .
Of course , there is a prominent example of just that : Kofi Annan , under whose stewardship the UN has undergone a remarkable improvement .
A sustainable company is not a collection of `` human resources . '' It is a community of human beings .
While the long-run record of this theory is irrefutable , China 's authoritarian ruling elite is not only determined to hold on to power , but it also has been smart enough to take adaptive measures aimed at countering the liberalizing effects of economic development .
China 's rulers may have stalled democratic trends for now , but the current strategy has , perhaps , merely delayed the inevitable .
This means that the country seeking information must produce a substantiated request , naming the taxable person and the specific bank in question or describing them in sufficient detail .
The secret drafting of a black list behind a member 's back is unacceptable and , in my view , seriously damages the OECD 's credibility .
Even the venerable Congress party - which led India 's struggle for independence - manipulates religious , communal and caste rivalries so as to boost its chances of forming government .
Iraq 's political culture - and that of most of the Middle East - is incompatible with the basic components of a recognizable Western-style democracy : notions of individual rights and responsibilities are lacking , the concept of a patriarchal state is deeply rooted , and individual cultural identity is rarely tied to the national community .
Indeed , the seeming failure of a recognizable democratic core to emerge in Iraq within the first few months of the collapse of Saddam 's dictatorship is due more to idiosyncrasies of the process than to any presumed essential nature of Iraqi society .
The comparable figures for Shi'ites were 10 and 14 % , respectively , but were just 4 % and 5 % , respectively , for Sunnis .
The effects of localized violence were also made clear in the survey : 17 % of Kurds , 41 % of Shi'ites , and 77 % of Sunnis felt that life in Iraq is unpredictable and dangerous , a clear demonstration of the effects of the ongoing resistance that is centered in the Sunni Triangle .
If the Sunni leadership were to feel that it has a stake in the outcome of political events now unfolding , it would also be able to stop the insurgency .
Opinion on this question within the majority Shiite community remained stable , with 23 % strongly agreeing in both 2004 and 2006 .
Between 2004 and 2006 , the proportion who strongly agreed that life in Iraq is `` unpredictable and dangerous '' increased from 46 % to 59 % .
Several ayatollahs opined that such talk about the Mahdi is unbecoming of a president or , worse , indicative of an unstable leader .
These concerns were reflected in the fact that the Society of Combatant Clergy , a conservative body , was unable to endorse Ahmadinejad 's candidacy .
All available historical and contemporary evidence suggests that they must .
The quality of children in poor households goes down as their quantity goes up , because poor families with many children are unable to invest enough in the education of each child to ensure that future adults benefit from a key determinant of economic success .
The implications of this may at first glance seem inhumane , but they are straightforward and unavoidable .
Moreover , new health risks are emerging , with diabetes , obesity , and other non-communicable diseases now stalking low - and middle-income countries -- even as many of those countries are still locked in combat with tuberculosis , HIV\/AIDS , malaria , and other infectious diseases . Hundreds of millions of young people around the world are searching for jobs in a very uncertain labor market .
As the world 's physical resources grow scarcer , we must increasingly rely on the best and most proven renewable resource available -- human ingenuity .
It emphasizes the need to invest early , nurturing young children to ensure that they arrive at school healthy and ready to learn ; to invest smartly , transforming schools with good teachers , good materials , and good management ; and to invest for all , laying the foundation for just and equitable societies .
While each of these countries had very different starting points , progress has been aided by the political will to measure outcomes and learn from results , define a sustainable path for change , and make smart , effective investments .
Was it preferable to start with economics -- try and get rich , quick , but do n't rock the boat politically -- in the manner of the Chinese ?
By contrast , rebelling against one 's parents ' generation and rediscovering traditional moral stances will save France -- a message that is highly applicable to issues , such as education and immigration , that may dominate the electoral campaign .
According to public opinion polls , Royal is the clear favorite of the left and the only candidate able to defeat Sarkozy .
For the Socialist Party , which is eager to return to power but has not yet recovered from the humiliating defeat of Lionel Jospin in the first round of the presidential election in 2002 , the question is whether it can afford to resist the wave of favorable public opinion behind Royal .
The dream was over . It had , most likely , never been realizable .
Are Russians so different from us in the western democratic world , or is democracy a luxury that only old , stable , prosperous , and satisfied societies can afford ?
He does not match Peter the Great in physical stature , but he has proven to be a gifted politician , capable of grasping , then controlling , the mood of the Russian people .
The world in which we live may be moving toward the multi-polarity wished for by French President Jacques Chirac , but not necessarily in a successful and stable way .
First , key emerging actors -- China , Russia , and India -- are not ready , willing , or even capable of performing a stabilizing international role .
Those elections would have been unthinkable in Nazi Germany .
Since a military solution is highly improbable , what are the serious alternatives ?
At the same time , Sarkozy has been able to emerge as the natural leader of the right partly because Chirac has been less of a liability than many people , including the experts , predicted .
First and foremost , he has found in Ségolène Royal and Nicolas Sarkozy two remarkable spokespersons for his candidacy .
With 31 % of the vote he will come to the second ballot in a very favorable position .
A majority of French who voted for him , did it , according to reliable exit poll studies , above all because of his personality .
The third winner , though she is mathematically in a much less favorable position , is Segolène Royal .
China 's renewed self-confidence is based on its remarkable economic prowess , which is derived not from natural resources , but from productivity and creativity .
A prominent neo-conservative , he seemed to me something of a Bolshevik of democracy , owing to his unshakeable confidence in the validity of his vision .
Indeed , by militarizing our thinking , it renders us incapable of finding the right answers , which must be as much political as security-oriented .
A certain `` Israelization '' of our daily lives has unfortunately become inevitable .
The paranoid reaction of neoconservatives in America to the terrorist threat can only accelerate that process , if not render it inevitable , by endangering our democratic values and thereby weakening the `` soft power '' of the United States , while giving fuel to the terrorist cause .
If we lose sight of that in our struggle against terrorism and its causes , we will be left unable to face successfully the long-term challenge of `` Chindia . ''
It is only by respecting our common values and not exacerbating our differences that the West will be able to reinvent itself .
Of course , if the international economic environment had been more favourable , and if there were not so much legitimate concern about declining purchasing power , the French might have shown greater indulgence towards their young president .
Self-isolated from global political realities and incapable of grasping the meaning of `` civil society , '' the Chinese regime encourages its public in expressions of defiance of all who fail to `` respect China , '' which only reinforces negative reactions .
The dilemma posed by China for democratic regimes is understandable .
Domestically , an ambitious and difficult program of long-awaited reforms , which a majority of French citizens recognize are inevitable , has begun , with some early results in the field of labor law and education .
And yet he is the least popular of the Fifth Republic 's presidents , the one whose `` fall from grace '' with the French has been the most spectacular , rapid , and durable , to the point where political experts , and his friends and foes alike , wonder whether he can rebound .
At home for example , the badly needed reform of the army has been accompanied by unnecessary malignity , as if a former interior minister imbued with a `` police culture '' was utterly incapable of understanding the `` army culture '' and its sense of honor .
And his undeniable success in implementing his labor laws , exemplified by sparse street demonstrations , has been undermined by his irrepressible will to provocation , reflected in his gratuitous remark that `` today when there is a strike in France , no one notices it ! ''
China , in comparison , now looks like a respectable partner .
Yet , between all-out containment , which is very unlikely and not necessarily desirable or realistic , and accommodation which borders on appeasement , which would be dangerous for Europe 's future , a third way , based on a few firm principles , must be found .
These principles are clear . First , Ukraine 's territorial integrity is not negotiable .
Russia without Ukraine is a manageable nation-state ; Russia with Ukraine is an unmanageable empire .
Second , even if the West condemns Georgia 's irresponsibility and incorporates into its policy Russia 's sensitivities on the complex historical feelings related to its ex-imperial territories , the Kremlin 's shameless brutality is unacceptable .
In Asia , Indonesia may look `` European '' in its Obama craze , but it essentially constitutes an anomaly , easily explainable by Obama 's brief Indonesian upbringing .
America is once more paving the way for what Europeans should be able to achieve one day with their own minorities : a land of dreams made possible .
Obama has a unique combination of intellect , character , and -- so far -- luck , but can he prove able to channel Abraham Lincoln , Franklin Roosevelt , and Winston Churchill at the same time ?
His rapprochement with Great Britain and his noticeable distancing of France from Germany are , from this perspective , no accident .
And the Turkish question matters greatly , because it touches on some of the most unstable and unsettling of the world 's diplomatic disputes .
Of course , Turkey 's secular , pro-Western elites may still consider the EU and the US important , if not indispensable , allies and partners , and they may consider Islamic fundamentalism , Hamas , Hezbollah , and Iran real or at least potential threats .
What , for example , will happen to a country as central and vulnerable as Egypt when hundred of thousands of Egyptians working in the Gulf are forced to return to their homeland as a result of the crisis in the oil-producing countries ?
Israel 's Nightmares Paris -- `` It is reasonable to believe in miracles , '' David Ben-Gurion , the first Prime Minister of Israel , once said .
For a majority of Israelis today , the present and the foreseeable future are not about peacemaking , but about conflict management , through the preservation of credible deterrence -- a hard-core realistic assessment darkened by the perception that , while time is not necessarily on Israel 's side , that there is no alternative .
But creating a new balance that contains a little less obsession with Iran and a little more concern for the Palestinians is a formidable challenge .
The Battle for Hope PARIS -- Since the arrival of President Barack Obama in the White House , there has been an undeniable rapprochement between Europe and the United States .
By contrast , when the personal situations of many individual Americans are examined through European eyes , the extreme individualism that constitutes a key part of American optimism translates into an unacceptable social scandal .
The geographic separation of families , owing to America 's size and Americans ' mobility , makes the association between retirement and being a grandparent less practicable in the US than it is in Europe .
Of course , it is neither possible nor desirable to `` clone '' Obama in each of the European Union 's 27 member states .
Formulated in such terms , the European challenge seems even more formidable than the American one .
Has the current financial and economic crisis , given its traumatic depth and the obvious responsibility of the United States as its source , created the necessary conditions and a more favourable climate for a major re-foundation of the multilateral institutions ?
But let 's be reasonable : the absurdity of Italy 's presence in the G-8 , together with the lack of official membership for countries such as China , India , and Brazil , is no longer acceptable or tenable .
If Europeans want to regain self-confidence , pride and , collective hope , they must seize the opportunity that the necessary and inevitable adjustment of the multilateral system represents for them .
The idea of a Club of Six , floated by Nicolas Sarkozy early in his presidency , was always abstract and is now untenable .
Despite both sides ' deep reservations about the mission in Afghanistan , they are clearly in the same boat , even if French troops , being closer to British troops in terms of combat , are more vulnerable than the Germans .
And both countries would probably subscribe to the following formulation : `` Turkey 's future is with Europe , but not necessarily in the European Union , at least in the foreseeable future . ''
France and Germany have different sensitivities on the subject , which is both natural and inevitable , as these differences reflect both geography and history .
How can they be understood without being judged , or helped without humiliating paternalism or , still worse , without an unacceptable `` collateral damage , '' as in Afghanistan ?
China 's insolent prosperity , even if it is far from being distributed equally , China 's relative political stability , even if the regime 's opening remains strictly limited , are undeniable and deserving of respect .
China must confront them if it wants to progress domestically and become a respected and respectable actor of the international system .
But how can China become capable of implementing the `` rule of law '' which it so badly needs , let us not even speak of democracy , if it continues to systematically lie to its people about the recent past ?
It is also a symbol of futility , because it does not constitute a viable long-term solution .
Israel 's wall constitutes a sad but probably inevitable component of its security .
Ultimately , `` walls '' represent the realities that lay behind their construction -- realities that , unfortunately , later generations may be unable or unwilling to change .
At least for the foreseeable future , however , this status is highly dependent upon India 's relationship with the US .
The time has come for India to recognize that with power comes responsibility , and to act like the indispensable nation for regional and world security that it has become .
For decades , `` reconciliation '' and its most remarkable achievement -- the Franco-German rapprochement -- was the trademark of the project to create an ever closer union in Europe .
For him , this is what power is about : taking hard decisions under unfavorable circumstances .
His behavior has been abominable for decades -- and not only towards his people .
The cost of non-intervention , of allowing Qaddafi to crush his own people , and of thus signaling to the world 's despots that a campaign of domestic terror is acceptable , is far more menacing .
In both countries , civil society reacted to the events in a remarkable manner , with a sense of unity , dignity , and reaffirmed national cohesiveness .
What Went Wrong with America The latest edition of the Pew Global Attitudes Survey shows that favorable opinions of the United States have fallen again in 12 out of 15 countries polled , a sad reflection of a country 's loss of image .
The next US president should be able to capitalize on Americans ' fundamental optimism , pragmatism , and activism .
For decades they have created a zone where war has become unthinkable , where might is not right , where the poorer catch up with the richer .
But some candidates will not be able to conclude negotiations this year . A special effort should be made in order to strengthen their prospects .
The World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg and the new WTO round are both important means to this end .
One Europe able to stand its ground in the coming global competition .
As a result , these diseases receive a disproportionate amount of funding for research and control , while other infections kill , blind , deform , and disable many more -- the `` bottom billion '' -- who have little access to health care .
The good news is that NTDs can be treated , as quality drugs -- donated by the major pharmaceutical companies -- are made available .
For now , Cuba is politically stable .
In brief , innovation will only truly take off with the understanding that the world is rapidly changing , extremely dynamic and volatile , and that the future is unpredictable .
Once a plausible hypothesis is formulated , it must be tested against all existing theories and against all available experience and information .
Or , as Karl Popper put it , truth is never definitive and error is always probable .
Should business administration students and future business managers immerse themselves in the philosophy of science , they would not only become more knowledgeable and have greater respect for science ; they might also become more rigorous and more competent , have greater respect for other disciplines , and be more humble .
In less than three years , this popular online resource has been transformed from a respectable American start-up to a shady Moscow-based enterprise , co-owned by the Kremlin 's favorite oligarchs .
Another company , Gubretas , which had bought Razi , one of Iran 's biggest petrochemical companies , for $ 650 million dollars in 2008 , has not yet been able to start production , owing to administrative restrictions .
Riven by such blinkered thinking , Iran seems incapable of making headway on even the most sensible policy .
The International Monetary Fund 's Mission Report of March 2009 , pointing to the country 's 30 years of chronic political tumult , concluded that `` Lebanon will remain vulnerable to shocks for many years '' to come .
Meanwhile , Lebanon 's main economic indicators show steady improvement : GNP increased from $ 21 billion in 2004 to $ 32 billion in 2009 , inflation remains under control , foreign trade is balanced , and the unemployment rate is tolerable .
The IMF forecasts that the Hariri government should be able to tap capital markets to cover its financial needs for 2010 .
It promised a more realistic and reasonable way forward than the ill-fated constitutional treaty that it replaced , and many of its supporters also hoped that a central feature of its predecessor -- the notion of `` constitutional patriotism '' -- was still alive .
Over and above these considerable advances , the treaty aims to make the EU more democratic .
A group of citizens would be able to `` invite '' the European Commission to propose new legislation .
Yet , despite its undeniable importance and its contribution to the EU 's development , the Lisbon treaty is far from being the key to everything .
Fair rather than free competition in trade is proposed , but what does this mean if member states are not able to reach consensus on how to make it happen ?
But starting a new cycle of institutional negotiations also seems improbable .
Sporadic complaints and warnings from above enable them to develop an intuitive sense for the boundaries of acceptable content , so they create shows that are free from offending material from the outset .
Premier Wen Jiabao confirmed that a major effort was being made to extend and implement the previously announced four-trillion-yuan plan , and that more funds were available if conditions worsened .
While small amounts of trans fats are naturally present in meats and dairy products from cows , sheep , and other ruminants , the great majority of trans fats in our diet are industrially-produced , contained in foods made with partially hydrogenated vegetable oils .
Partial hydrogenation , which converts vegetable oils into semi-solid fats for use in margarines , commercial cooking , and manufacturing processes , converts approximately 30 % of the natural fats to trans fats .
Considerable evidence exists for harmful effects of trans fat intake .
In summary , considerable evidence exists for harm , and little evidence for intrinsic health value , of consumption of trans fats from partially hydrogenated vegetable oils .
The short answer is a `` new normal , '' with slower growth , a de-risked and more stable core financial system , and a set of additional challenges -LRB- energy , climate , and demographic imbalances , to name a few -RRB- with varying time horizons that will test our collective capacity to improve management and oversight of the global economy .
Extreme balance-sheet destruction is what made it distinctive . In the future , central banks and regulators will not be able to afford a narrow focus on -LRB- goods and services -RRB- inflation , growth , and employment -LRB- the real economy -RRB- while letting the balance-sheet side fend for itself .
The recent increase in protectionist measures is an understandable political price for a range of stimulus packages in advanced and developing countries .
The latter accounts for 90 % of global GDP and two-thirds of the world 's population , so this shift is highly desirable -- indeed , essential .
Within the G-20 countries , there are mechanisms that attend to the interests of the most vulnerable citizens .
In the global economy , the most vulnerable are whole countries .
It is not inconceivable that the baby will be thrown out with the bath water .
Worst of all , they carry large and unsustainable costs in terms of carbon emissions .
These considerations suggest that no emission-reduction targets should be imposed on developing countries until they approach per capita GDP levels comparable to those in advanced countries .
Yet considerable uncertainty remains about the magnitude of the impact of rising levels of atmospheric greenhouse gases on temperatures and climate .
Indeed , it is not reasonable to expect that any country , rich or poor , should set or agree to 50-year targets .
Given the structure of the problem -- sequential decision-making with uncertainty about all the relevant parameters -LRB- including costs , the efficient pattern of mitigation , and technology -RRB- -- it would be wiser to adopt a more flexible strategy that provides incentives and regulations to achieve measurable intermediate progress , while generating a lot of useful information along the way .
Achieving Growth in a Rebalanced World MILAN -- Although the financial crisis is winding down , the prospects for growth in the global economy are unlikely to pick up . This is , in part , inevitable .
Because asset prices will not reach pre-crisis levels anytime soon -LRB- that is , without inflating another bubble and risking renewed instability -RRB- , household saving in the United States has risen to about 5 % of disposable income , and probably will rise further .
Risk spreads have declined from their mid-crisis highs , but credit in many sectors remains tight or barely available , while the financial sector is set to become more conservative -- and is likely to be re-regulated with higher capital , reserve , and margin requirements .
Little wonder , then , that many knowledgeable analysts reasonably expect post-crisis growth in advanced countries to be lower , perhaps by 0.5 to 1 % .
If the slowdown in advanced countries persists , pre-crisis growth levels will not be achievable in the developing world either , owing to insufficient demand to absorb the implied increase in output .
Prior to the crisis , many suspected that the mix of aggregate demand that was supporting high growth was unsustainable , though the problem perhaps seemed too hypothetical to compel collective action .
If that can be accomplished , the world will have taken a major step toward a relatively smooth , effective , and equitable global economic recovery .
Instead , instability builds up until the system is shocked and resets , with the exact timing unpredictable .
Of course , you can argue that post-crisis regulatory reform will eventually resolve the problem of periodic systemic risk , and that we will return to the more comfortable world of relatively stationary risk without periodic imbalances .
This is particularly relevant to large investors who , unlike traders , can not totally ignore macroeconomic fundamentals without abandoning reasonable diversification .
Nevertheless , they are not invulnerable , because even fair valuations -- or , indeed , undervaluations -- are not exempt from the downward pressures of a crisis or the resetting of asset prices after a build-up of systemic risk .
He achieved an enviable rate of economic development for a country starved of natural resources , helped to eradicate poverty , and deepened Tunisia 's ties with Europe through tourism , trade , and cultural relations .
Unfortunately , however , Ben Ali succumbed to the temptations of corruption and repression , described in great detail by the former United States ambassador to Tunisia , Robert F. Godec , in cables released last month by WikiLeaks .
Today , no less than yesterday , Mediterranean people -- Muslims , Christians , and Jews -- share inescapable geopolitical , demographic , and economic realities .
Indeed , in February , he declared that multiculturalism was a `` failure , '' adding , `` Our Muslim compatriots should be able to live and practice their religion like anyone else ... but it can only be a French Islam , not just an Islam in France . ''
Such an achievement would offer the world a needed alternative to the increasingly questionable model of economic globalization .
First , the large and effective use of social media in both countries revealed remarkable technological savvy and creativity among the young .
WASHINGTON , DC -- With Hosni Mubarak 's ouster in Egypt -- widely considered to have one of the region 's most stable regimes until only recently -- and Colonel Muammar Qaddafi clinging to power in Libya , there is no clear end in sight to the turmoil sweeping across the Arab world .
It is clear by now that economic reform must be coupled with political reform , so that institutional mechanisms of accountability are developed to monitor any excesses and ensure that benefits are made available to all .
So it is untrue that the only viable alternative to unrelenting absolutist rule must be Islamist .
This suggests that Muslim reformers , given the right circumstances , might be similarly capable of bringing about Muslim democracy .
But Mussolini soon outlawed the Popolari ; in any event , the Vatican had had a strained relationship with the party and appeared more comfortable supporting pro-Catholic authoritarian regimes in countries like Austria and Portugal .
Maritain accepted the Pope 's verdict and began a remarkable ideological journey toward democracy .
He also drew on the philosophy of `` personalism , '' which was highly fashionable in the 1930 's , as it sought a middle way between individualist liberalism and communitarian socialism , and insisted that `` persons '' always had a spiritual dimension that materialistic liberalism supposedly failed to acknowledge .
Nevertheless , some body of thought that makes democracy attractive for believers -- and reassures non-believers that the faithful have accepted pluralism -- had to be available .
But it is a reasonable expectation -- often legitimately reinforced through civic education for all children -- that citizens know how to participate in public affairs , and especially that they know what their and others ' rights are .
But , in foreign-policy terms , post-war West Germany -- and , later , reunified Germany -- was utterly predictable : never against the West ; always for more Europe .
In Europe , Germany is obviously the indispensable nation , yet it lacks not only a clear mandate to lead , but also a clear sense of what the European Union should look like after the great projects of peace , the common market , and enlargement are more or less completed .
Thus , Germany 's political class , confused about what it wants and generally unable to explain to citizens what it does , has responded with short-term solutions : yes , more Europe , but no European state ; yes , more money to pour down fiscal black holes , but no departure from the old Bundesbank orthodoxies .
Merkel 's style has exacerbated this confusion : she prefers to lead from behind and seems incapable of the stateswoman-like speech that would bring people to accept bolder measures .
Today 's generations are far too comfortable with being German to see Europe as the answer to all of their problems .
But , seen historically , the market 's ability to create a self-interested regard for others is surely preferable to the alternatives .
But what if many of the abilities and dispositions in question are a product of history , capable of being understood and explained but not readily replicated ?
By and large , economists and other social scientists have neglected the history of Jews and capitalism , for reasons that are understandable , though unconvincing .
When economists examine `` human capital , '' they prefer measurable criteria such as years of schooling .
These cultural traits are difficult to quantify , so economists are uncomfortable in dealing with them .
Higher ages for marriage and declining fertility -- resulting directly from widening use of artificial contraception -- are reducing family size to something much closer to the `` nuclear families '' of the West . The Maghreb region may lead in this regard , but the phenomenon is observable throughout the Arab world , even in the most rigidly conservative states .
Why resort to such elaborate and costly measures against political\/religious opponents when simpler methods of neutralizing them - such as execution or imprisonment - are available to dictators ?
But because arrest no longer meant execution but long imprisonment , dissidents acquired a reasonable chance to emerge from prison or labor camps .
Perhaps more significantly , the international community 's failure to address Zimbabwe seriously shows , once again , that it lacks the political will to prevent foreseeable crises .
As for the regional and world community , their actions today and in the coming weeks could make the difference between a reprise of the violence in Kenya and the first step towards a more stable and democratic future .
Widely viewed as a capable technocrat , Mousavi has often been able to navigate Iran 's complicated economic and political maze .
Yet the public and the elite few view the presidential contenders as being capable of improving Iran 's conditions .
His economic failures have highlighted the need for a more moderate and capable president .
It is no surprise that he backed out of the race , leaving Mousavi , a technocrat and a revolutionary , as the only viable challenger to Ahmadinejad .
But , as always , elections in Iran are neither predictable nor transparent .
A country fails , when it fails , for definite , identifiable reasons .
Any thought that the anti-terror coalition will be able to bail out fast -LRB- as the West did when it abandoned Afghanistan to its fate after the Soviet withdrawal ten years ago -RRB- should be forgotten .
The West has a big incentive to be generous to Afghanistan 's rural poor . Starving farmers , if unassisted , may return to cultivating a very reliable cash crop : the opium poppy , long a staple of the warlord economy .
The SADC 's regional plan establishes a timeframe for policy implementation over the next fifteen years that takes these constraints into account , focusing on macroeconomic policies , debt problems , and establishing a stable and secure investment climate .
This is attributable mainly to Angola , Botswana , and Namibia , owing to cyclical investment behavior in the petroleum and extraction industry , and to South Africa , where privatization and acquisitions activity have slowed .
Removing all trade barriers , as called for by SADC 's plan , would enable them to take full advantage of the region 's abundant natural resources and point the way toward deeper global integration for all of Africa .
He suppressed the Kurds , reassuring both Turkey and Syria , countries with sizeable -- and restive -- minority populations of their own .
Through a large and interlocking network of security and media organizations , Saddam financed scores of newspapers and magazines , lavishing on their hack writers sums of money that were unimaginable to ordinary Arab journalists .
Iraqi embassies acted as media centers , along with their despicable role in hunting dissidents of all political stripes .
Forces built to defend the European heartland from a Soviet attack are unsuitable for the kinds of operations that define today 's post-Cold War environment .
The overlap in membership between NATO and the EU makes such defense cooperation both possible and logical , if not unavoidable .
After all , generals will be more inclined to identify efficiencies if they believe that doing so will ultimately enable them to enhance their capabilities .
Such predictable budgets will better enable European leaders to establish defense planning targets that address the priorities of military transformation .
Nations that can not afford to field expeditionary forces capable of performing the full spectrum of 21st-century missions should make greater use of specialization to enhance their contribution to Europe 's collective defense .
For the EU to do its part , larger budgets appear unavoidable .
Common funding for operations should be increased , and member states should continue to be encouraged to make civilian and police forces as readily deployable in peacekeeping operations as their military .
This would enable NATO and the EU to assess future scenarios and find ways to work together to prevent and manage crises .
This is no small challenge , but there is no viable alternative .
Indeed , 2010 will determine whether US President Barack Obama 's vision of a nuclear-free world will remain a distant but achievable hope , or must be abandoned .
Even if all of the world 's nuclear-weapon states embrace the vision of a world free of the threat of nuclear conflict , nuclear weapons will remain with us for two decades at least , and even that would require the most favorable conditions for disarmament .
It leaves no room for doubt that a nuclear-free world is achievable without any risk to the security of individual states , provided that for the next 20 years or so there is sustained political will around the world , particularly in the nuclear-weapon states .
A `` No First Use '' declaration should be collectively agreed upon , in conjunction with corresponding verifiable force structures , deployments , and readiness status .
Second , the length of time that has passed since the crimes -- longer than 30 years , in some cases -- far exceeds that for any comparable proceeding . Other war crimes courts have taken place in the immediate aftermath of conflict .
The government did make some media available and engaged in more than 10 live televised debates .
This was unpleasant , but tolerable .
Equally important , the international community must send observers -- and thus a clear signal to the government that any attempt to maintain power by force or intimidation is unacceptable .
The extraordinary international response to the tsunamis that devastated South Asia is a remarkable political phenomenon .
But there is also a risk that assistance for tsunami victims is diverting aid from disasters that are of a more chronic character or that are less amenable to sensational media coverage .
Yet MSF was able to collect only ¤ 650,000 in two months of soliciting funds for Darfur , while it received ¤ 40 million for the tsunami victims in just eight days .
Given the limited number of skilled personnel available to humanitarian agencies , human resources could follow the money .
During the wars in Croatia and Bosnia the UN was responsible for humanitarian assistance and also dedicated to peacemaking . Yet it was never able to use the former to advance the latter .
That , at least , is the conclusion that some people have reached after Milosevic 's death in a Hague prison : the fact that he was able to drag out his trial for four years and still escape a verdict is considered proof that the international community is wasting its resources by putting such people on trial for their misdeeds .
The mountains of evidence in its records make the horrendous crimes committed in the wars in ex-Yugoslavia comparable in the extent of their documentation to those by the Nazis .
Inevitable efforts by demagogues to revise the history of what took place in ex-Yugoslavia in the 1990 's will be complicated by the availability of that evidence , including the facts compiled during the Milosevic trial .
We are thus slowly reaching the point where some of those contemplating crimes such as those committed by Slobodan Milosevic must recognize that one day they could be held accountable .
The concept was partially embraced in the French Declaration of Rights of 1789 and , to a greater extent , in Thomas Jefferson 's language in the same era about `` inalienable rights . '' It also shaped the thinking of those in England who led the anti-slavery struggle of the second half of the eighteenth century , the first human rights movement .
Though Bashir may be able to avoid arrest simply by limiting his international travel , the commotion provoked by the indictment is not irrational .
The evidence available to him and to us about those investigations is clearly too paltry to warrant such a shift .
Amnesty for Saddam Hussein is simply intolerable .
But condemning thousands to death in order to be able to punish him is intolerable as well .
Although those proceedings were admirable in many ways , including in the care taken to protect the procedural rights of the defendants , they have always been tainted by the charge of `` victor 's justice . ''
Although the most high-profile defendants , Slobodan Milosevic and Vojislav Seselj , are doing their best to discredit the tribunal , they will fail . The charge of bias is simply not sustainable .
The bite in his comment is justified . `` Victor 's justice '' is no longer acceptable .
Indeed , one senses a certain satisfaction in some countries that have been the targets of human rights criticism by the US ; now they sense an opportunity to turn the tables .
Instead , President Bush asserts the power to hold them indefinitely at Guantanamo or , in his unreviewable discretion , to bring them to trial before military commissions that deny them the due process protections to which they would be entitled if any of the three legal systems were followed .
Moreover , even if they are found to be unlawful combatants , the First Additional Protocol of 1977 requires that they be afforded certain due process protections , which will not be available to those brought before the proposed military commissions .
The Bush administration proclaimed a national security policy that insists that America provides the only sustainable model for national success , and asserted its right to engage in unilateral , preemptive military strikes .
But this is an inevitable consequence of the Bush administration 's own haughty manner , with leading spokespersons , such as Attorney General John Ashcroft , proclaiming their own righteousness in leading the effort to abrogate rights .
Some European governments have evolved strong human rights polices but , for a variety of reasons , they have been unable , individually or collectively , to exert the influence of the US .
Fortunately , while this is likely to remain true for the foreseeable future , the international human rights movement is not completely without resources .
Europe 's historic rivalries have , of course , been civilized into a political model that European diplomats often see as applicable across the international arena .
Nowadays , Europe is full of whispers that `` neo-Finlandization '' might be a reasonable compromise for countries like Ukraine and Georgia .
Homosexuals have been able to register civil partnerships since 1995 and marry since 2009 , and the country is one of the most radical in its understanding of women 's rights -- as WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange can attest .
What is remarkable is not just the violence and threats against Vilks -- anyone who doubts the determination of Islamist extremists in Sweden should watch the YouTube clip from that lecture -- but also the reaction from the otherwise radically secular Swedish establishment .
Although free speech is no panacea for China 's woes , only when it is established will the country 's progress be sustainable .
United Russia , on the other hand , based its campaign on the progress made during President Putin 's tenure : notable economic growth and slight improvement in people 's living standards .
Inasmuch as illiberal -- and especially personal -- regimes are considered the least stable , the logical conclusion is that the `` color revolution '' scenario that we observed in Georgia , Ukraine , and Kyrgyzstan is likely to repeat itself in Russia . Of course , anything is possible in today 's Russia .
Is Putin risking his political future by accepting a formally secondary role and making himself accountable for all socio-economic policy ?
A powerful prime minister seems preferable .
One of the chief weaknesses in Russia 's constitutional design is that power is separated from accountability : the president has the most power , but the government is held accountable for policy results .
But how stable will this new polycentric system of governance be ?
The Malleable Mr. Medvedev
The Malleable Mr. Medvedev LONDON -- As Dmitri Medvedev waits in the wings for his inauguration on May 7 , the West is examining his every word , eager for the slightest sign that Russia 's new president will be more `` reasonable '' and easier to deal with than Vladimir Putin , the man who got him elected .
If one is selective with the evidence , a semi-reasonable case can be built for those desperate enough to believe it .
In fact , Medvedev will be Russia 's most malleable leader since Tsar Nicholas II .
While Medvedev 's liberal instincts are debatable , the forces arrayed against him not in doubt are : the Sechin clan , the Cherkessov clan , the siloviki of the military and security services , his rivals who he beat to the top job , and of course , his predecessor and mentor , Putin .
-LRB- Burundi is an aid-dependent country , so donors have considerable sway in influencing its rulers ' behavior . -RRB-
But while downsizing government may be fashionable in the West , now is not the time for slimming down Burundi 's state sector .
Burundi will need even deeper pockets from its donors to transform today 's political overtures into sustainable peace .
So it should be no surprise that noncommunicable diseases -LRB- NCD 's -RRB- , including cardiovascular diseases -LRB- CVD 's -RRB- , obesity , diabetes and cancer , now kill roughly 33 million people around the world each year , and cause almost 60 % of total deaths .
Indeed , five of the 10 leading causes of death worldwide are related to diet and physical activity : high blood pressure , high cholesterol , low intake of fruit and vegetables , high body mass index , and insufficient exercise .
Of course , there is considerable debate about what precisely makes for a healthy diet .
The detailed nature of the relation between cells , the modifiable synapses , was the software .
Only one of every three job seekers finds a job , but the overproduction is probably worthwhile , for it ensures that as a replaceable neuron dies , there will already be , in its vicinity , a younger one ready to take its place .
As far as known , only a small fraction of all brain cells fall into the replaceable class ; when other kinds of neurons die , they are not replaced .
The power of faith-based movements in the US is undeniable , and their influence in other areas where science and politics meet , including the availability of certain drugs -- the so-called `` morning after '' pill being one example -- is growing .
When dogmatic faith enters politics , compromises on controversial issues , which are indispensable in a democracy , become difficult to achieve .
This is because fundamental values -- as opposed to , say , the distribution of material resources -- are seen as being non-negotiable .
This autonomy has served science well , and independent and accountable science has served society and the economy well .
It is a state of being involuntarily gripped by something that is difficult to ward off and for which , since one can not act otherwise , one is accountable only in a limited sense .
Likewise , however desirable its ability to produce the unexpected and unforeseeable , science today can not claim that it is not accountable to society .
Curiosity is insatiable and , in research , it is inextricably tied to the unforeseeability of results .
Individual teams are to enter a pan-European competition to determine the best of the best , opening a free space for scientific curiosity and enabling the unforeseeable outcomes that are characteristic of cutting-edge research .
But we still want to control the unforeseeable consequences to which curiosity leads .
Rather , it has shifted in a more urgent , complex , and inherently unforeseeable way , as spelled out in the EU 2020 strategy 's vision of an `` Innovation Union . ''
Kenya has suffered the inevitable democratic backsliding , the continued corruption , and the unfulfilled reform agendas that remain persistent themes elsewhere on the continent .
Should that happen , the probable rise in global average temperature relative to pre-industrial times will be 5 ?C or more .
Floods and droughts would become more intense and global sea levels would be several meters higher , severely disrupting lives and livelihoods , and causing massive population movements and inevitable conflict around the world .
Yet developing countries are the most vulnerable to the consequences of climate change , which threaten the economic growth that is necessary to overcome poverty .
Developing countries need substantial help and support from rich nations in order to implement their plans for low-carbon economic growth , and to adapt to the effects of climate change that are now inevitable over the next few decades .
Developed countries should also provide strong support for measures to halt deforestation in developing countries , and for reducing emissions substantially , quickly , and at reasonable cost .
Sustainable agricultural development is essential to improving the country 's prospects for long-term economic and food security .
The challenge is to ensure that earlier efforts are not lost , and that recovery includes a push toward sustainable agricultural production systems for Haiti .
Much-needed capital investment can enable smallholder farmers to provide the private sector with a sustainable supply of high-quality agricultural produce .
Investment in agricultural and rural development is therefore vital to food security and sustainable economic development .
A vibrant rural sector generates local demand for locally produced goods and services . In turn , this can spur sustainable non-farm employment growth in services , agro-processing , and small-scale manufacturing .
On the way to meet her , I passed women walking through mud to the market with large loads of fruit and vegetables stacked on their heads .
As a result , yields are generally too low to allow the millions of rural households to generate marketable surpluses .
Even if smallholders are able to produce a surplus , their lack of access to downstream activities , such as processing and marketing , prevents them from selling it easily .
If smallholder farmers are to be given the opportunity to become viable businesses , it is essential that they be connected to markets .
We need to link food producers with the people who need their product through viable and well maintained infrastructure .
If smallholder farmers have the basic infrastructure they need to get their goods to market , they will not only be able to feed themselves and their communities , but will contribute to wider food security .
Obama 's dramatic overture to the Islamic world was only the latest in a series of such openings by this remarkable US president .
As in a Venn diagram , Obama is placing the US at that central point where all the different ellipses overlap . First among equals , and the indispensable nation .
Whether it is the Chinese for the global economy , or Russia for nuclear disarmament , the United States will now work with whomever can help it get the results it wants -- thus ensuring that it remains the `` indispensable nation . ''
In relation to Russia and China , the European Union 's member states generally recognize that a more united European stance , however difficult to achieve in practice , would be desirable .
The credit freeze is partly the work of bankers and hedge fund managers who acted just like Nadya Suleman , leveraging the present for an unrealizable future . But it is also the result of ordinary Americans , who ran up more credit card debt than any previous generation .
The manageable , honorable American Dream of the 1950 's -- a decent , affordable college education ; a small house of one 's own ; hope that one 's children will be better off than oneself -- was misplaced in the last decade and a half .
In the new , reality-show version of that dream , countless Americans came to expect to be able to live , look , dance , and party like celebrities , or else feel themselves to be failures .
It comes from the thought that this really might beenough to be able to afford a small house , a college education , and the children that one already has .
And perhaps , in its likely view of the world as being more than the sum of consuming , competing autonomies , or gender warfare , it would be a valuable challenge to truisms that we Western feminists -- and the men who love us -- have thought we had to take for granted .
In many ways , it has eroded or even eliminated the kind of arbitrary constraints that turned peaceable boys into aggressive men and stuck ambitious girls in low-paying jobs .
Now a spate of scientific analyses , based on brain imaging technology and new anthropological and evolutionary discoveries , suggests that we may have had our heads in the sand , and that we must be willing to grapple with what seem to be at least some genuine , measurable differences between the sexes .
Street protest , if it can sustain itself for more than that crucial first week , has an effect that is both tactical and emotional ; mass protest during the French Revolution made it clear to the courtiers that this rebellion would be too profound to quell in the usual manner ; street protests in the American colonies , in the face of arrest or worse , made the colonies ungovernable even before George III waged a costly , unpopular war .
Second , perhaps he needs to be able to try the Guantánamo detainees in a rigged setting , or even keep them from trial forever : lawyers claim that torture , including sexual torture , was so endemic in the CIA and the military that Obama could be holding scores , if not hundreds , of prisoners whose bodies are crime scenes .
Her organization is intent on using international law to hold accountable members of the Israeli military who put civilians in harm 's way during the invasion of Gaza -- events that the recent Goldstone Report confirms .
Finally , citizens should be able to continue to curate a news story .
I do n't pretend to possess journalism 's Holy Grail : a sustainable business plan for the newspaper of the future .
International rules bind the US and limit America 's freedom of action , but they also serve American interests by binding others to observable rules and norms as well .
When the US does so in pursuit of public goods that benefit others as well as Americans , the nature of America 's ends may substitute for the means in making US power acceptable in the eyes of others .
NGO 's do not have coercive `` hard '' power , but they often enjoy considerable `` soft '' power - the ability to get the outcomes they want through attraction rather than compulsion .
And , to be sustainable , a successful vision must also be an effective diagnosis of the situation that a group faces .
They must be able to assess reality accurately .
Nowadays , instruments of mass destruction are smaller , cheaper , and more readily available .
Deviant individuals and groups exist in all human societies , and they are now empowered in ways that were once unthinkable .
Such behavior is unacceptable whether it is carried out by the powerful or the weak .
The metaphor of war was understandable in the aftermath of the 2001 attacks , but creates as many problems as it solves .
Simple items like blue jeans , cola , or Hollywood movies helped produce favorable outcomes in at least two of the most important American objectives after 1945 .
If European resentment is inevitable , some US leaders say , then the proper response is to shrug it off .
After WWII , America was able to use soft power resources and co-opt others into a set of alliances and institutions that lasted sixty years .
Democracy can not be imposed in any reasonable time by force alone .
Moreover , Iraq 's possession of oil is a mixed blessing , because few oil-based economies have proven hospitable to liberal democracy .
Given ambivalence among Arab moderates , there remains a chance to isolate the extremists and gradually build stable polities with broader participation .
The other alternative would create eight semi-permanent members with renewable four-year terms and one additional member chosen for a two-year term .
The Security Council would judge the legitimacy of such action by whether it met the age-old criteria of just war : the seriousness of the threat , the purpose of the response , whether force is a last resort , whether it is used in a proportionate way , and whether there is a reasonable balance of good and bad consequences .
Only then will she be able to begin the job of repairing America 's tattered reputation by shoring up its neglected public diplomacy .
Analysts such as John Mearsheimer of the University of Chicago have flatly proclaimed that China can not rise peacefully , and predict that `` the United States and China are likely to engage in an intense security competition with considerable potential for war . ''
Each side , believing it will end up at war with the other , makes reasonable military preparations that are read by the other side as confirmation of its worst fears .
Market forces and openness combine to increase the efficiency of many vital systems -- transportation , information , and energy -- but also make them more vulnerable .
Democratization of technology enables instruments of mass destruction to become smaller , less costly , and more readily available .
Already the scenes of looters exploiting the chaos in the early aftermath of the storm have been replaced with stories of charitable contributions from other parts of the country , of children being accepted into schools outside the city , and of families being helped by strangers .
Of course , the Sunnis comprise a minority in Iraq , so insurgents have little prospect of `` winning '' control of the country the way North Vietnam was able to win control of South Vietnam .
But that is little consolation , because they can still disrupt progress toward a stable constitutional government .
At worst , they may be able to foment a civil war .
If he is able to produce a stable constitution , a political compromise among the contesting parties , and successful elections , he may be able to declare victory .
By the end of the century , Japan 's remarkable performance not only made the Japanese wealthy , but also enhanced the country 's soft power .
In the process , he damaged Russia 's reputation as a reliable supplier of natural gas .
Russia quickly discovered that its threats against Ukraine were too costly to its reputation as a reliable supplier for Europe .
Germany 's Economics Minister , Michael Glos , has said that Russia 's questionable dependability means that the time has come to explore other energy sources .
But , as the Ukraine episode indicates , pipelines dedicated to a single country may be less reliable than those that run through several countries .
Our societies are as vulnerable as the weakest international link . It makes no sense to beef up airport security in London if a terrorist can enter the system easily in , say , Rome or Lagos .
It is important to provide the prospect of hope , both in material terms and in our policies towards intractable conflicts such as those in the Middle East and Kashmir .
Because accurate statistics about reserves in countries like Saudi Arabia are not available , it is impossible to settle the dispute definitively .
Oil supply is likely to be vulnerable to political disruptions long before issues arise from overall scarcity of supply .
But even if those countries remain stable , America will not be safe .
In the early Cold War , communism and the Soviet Union had considerable soft power .
Economic globalization created turmoil throughout the world at the end of the twentieth century , but the Western market economies were able to re-allocate labor to services , restructure their heavy industries , and switch to computers .
President George W. Bush has said that Iran 's development of nuclear weapons is unacceptable , and recent press accounts suggest that his administration is exploring preventive military options .
Some argue that it could become the basis of stable nuclear deterrence in the region , analogous to the nuclear standoff between the United States and the Soviet Union during the Cold War .
But statements by Iranian leaders denying the Holocaust and urging the destruction of Israel have not only cost Iran support in Europe , but are unlikely to make Israel willing to gamble its existence on the prospect of stable deterrence .
It might not be able to close the Strait of Hormuz , but threats to refineries , storage facilities , and tankers would send oil prices even higher .
With the outcome of Bush 's ill-advised war in Iraq uncertain and his legacy depending heavily upon finding a political solution , Iran 's support for Iraqi Shiite radicals could give it considerable leverage .
When Bush administration officials say that `` all options are on the table , '' they are warning the Iranians that the use of force is possible .
China wants to preserve its access to Iranian oil , and Russia seeks to preserve a valuable commercial market .
After the first trans-Atlantic cable in 1868 , Europe and America could communicate in a minute .
Now , virtually anyone can enter an Internet café and enjoy a capability that was once available only to governments , multinational corporations , and a few individuals or organizations with large budgets .
This followed a UN Security Council resolution that condemned North Korea 's missile launches of July 5 , demanded that it return to the negotiating table , and required UN members to prevent the import and export of any material or money related to North Korea 's missile or unconventional weapons programs .
Given North Korea 's past deceptions , and the difficulty of verifying denuclearization in a totalitarian country , a verifiable agreement will be difficult to reach .
But the Americans used a modest amount of force to remove the Taliban government , avoided disproportionate civilian casualties , and were able to create an indigenous political framework .
With the help of the Internet , its symbols and training materials became easily available around the world .
When Israel launched a lengthy bombing campaign in Lebanon last month , it created so many civilian casualties that the early criticisms of Hezbollah by Egypt , Jordan , and Saudi Arabia became untenable in Arab politics .
Japan 's new prime minister , Shinzo Abe , hastily arranged a summit in China with President Hu Jintao on the eve of North Korea 's nuclear test , a meeting that saw both men agree that such a move was `` intolerable . ''
By reaffirming the US-Japan security relationship in the Clinton-Hashimoto declaration of 1996 , the US helped structure a favorable regional balance .
In military terms , European countries need to spend more on secure communications , airlift capabilities , special operations , and dealing with chemical and biological battlefields in order to be able to fight the war on terrorism effectively .
But it may be too late for political compromise , and the Maliki government may not be capable of a broad non-sectarian policy .
That leaves Russia vulnerable .
These are precisely the people needed to help foster a vibrant middle class -- the bedrock of a stable democratic market economy .
Friction with the US is thus inevitable , but in the long run there is usually fruitful cooperation .
A reasonable consensus in American public opinion supports ensuring both these and the `` classic '' global public goods , even if the US has failed to lead on some issues , notably global climate .
It is sometimes tempting to let intractable conflicts fester , and there are some situations where other countries can play the mediator 's role more effectively .
Unlike Britain , imperialism has never been a comfortable experience for Americans , and only a small share of its military occupations led directly to the establishment of democracies .
The new invitees resent not being included as full members able to help plan and shape the meetings , and the original countries ' delegations have expanded to include hundreds of officials each .
Moreover , a variable geometry of attendance at meetings might weaken the development of a personal chemistry and the breadth of bargaining that can arise when the same group of leaders meets regularly to discuss a broader range of subjects .
Martin argues that about 20 people in a room is probably a reasonable size for attempting to tackle difficult cross-sectoral problems .
Prolonged negotiations and gridlock are not acceptable , because today 's most serious problems can not wait for perfect institutional solutions .
Despite those limits , the UN has considerable soft power that arises from its ability to legitimize the actions of states , particularly regarding the use of force .
For example , in the aftermath of the recent government crackdown in Myanmar -LRB- Burma -RRB- , the Secretary General was able to send a representative to the country , but with powers limited to reporting and attempted mediation .
Perhaps the greatest threat to the bilateral relationship is the belief that conflict is inevitable .
Already , some Chinese suspect the US of seeking an independent Taiwan as an `` unsinkable aircraft carrier '' for use against a future Chinese enemy .
The use of force among advanced industrial democracies is virtually unthinkable .
Or , to take another example , Europe was able to lead the drive to remove Paul Wolfowitz from the World Bank .
The US will remain the most powerful country in 2020 , but , paradoxically , the strongest state since the days of Rome will be unable to protect its citizens acting alone .
Ironically , George W. Bush , the first president with an MBA , was weaker on this dimension than his father , who knew how to manage an able group of advisers .
Ronald Reagan practiced extreme delegation , which worked when he had an able team in place , but turned into a disaster when Donald Regan , John Poindexter , and Oliver North took over .
The danger is that Party leaders , trying to counter the erosion of communism , will turn to nationalism to provide ideological glue , which could lead to an unstable foreign policy -- including , for example , conflict over Taiwan .
More importantly , with the end of the Cold War , the Soviet Union was no longer available as an Indian ally , and the US began to assess India and Pakistan in terms of separate interests , rather than as a pair linked in a South Asia balance of power .
The two countries ' recent rapprochement marks a considerable change from the hostility that bedeviled their relations following their 1962 war over a disputed border in the Himalayas .
If Iran did this , it would not only add to the dangers in an unstable region , but would likely begin a process of unravelling the non-proliferation regime worldwide .
For these reasons , President Bush declared an Iranian nuclear weapon unacceptable .
But such external shocks may also have indirect effects by aggravating the disparities between developed and developing countries and creating additional incentives for mass migration to rich , less affected , and more adaptable regions .
Technological innovation and increased energy efficiency have considerable potential .
Coal is cheap and widely available in China , which is important as the country scrambles for energy resources to keep its many energy-intensive industries running .
Another event that could turn the tables would be an `` October surprise '' associated with terrorism , which could switch the agenda from the financial crisis back to security , the Republicans ' stronger suit .
George W. Bush has bequeathed an unenviable legacy : an economic crisis , two wars , a struggle against terrorism , and problems across the Middle East and elsewhere .
These timetables ' effectiveness will depend on events on the ground , including political compromises inside Iraq and dialogue with Iraq 's neighbors , but a clear sense of direction has been established .
In an open letter to the US president in September 2007 , American professionals in cyber defense warned that `` the critical infrastructure of the United States , including electrical power , finance , telecommunications , health care , transportation , water , defense , and the Internet , is highly vulnerable to cyber attack .
The control systems that electric power companies use are thought vulnerable to attack , which could shut down cities and regions for days or weeks .
Moreover , the information revolution enables individuals to perpetrate sabotage with unprecendented speed and scope .
As with Rwanda in 1994 , the international community was united in its condemnation of the Balkan violence , but was unable to agree on effective joint action until late in the conflict , in 1995 , when a NATO peacekeeping force was sent to the troubled area .
Where such loosening of the bonds is still not enough , it may be possible in some cases to arrange an amicable divorce , as happened when Czechoslovakia peacefully divided into two sovereign countries in 1993 .
But he failed to produce a sustainable picture of America 's leadership role in the world .
Valuable information is more likely to be shared by friends than among acquaintances .
Instead , effective leadership depends on the use of multiple leaders for capable decision-making .
Thousands of scientists from more than 100 countries recently reported that there is new and strong evidence that most of the warming observed over the last 50 years is attributable to human activities , and average global temperatures in the twenty-first century are projected to increase between 2.5 and 10 degrees Fahrenheit . The result could be more severe variations in climate , with too much water in some regions and not enough in others .
The US is the only country with large state of the art air , naval , and ground forces capable of global deployment - thus , the quick victory in Iraq last year .
The `` D '' of democracy was noticeable by its absence , suggesting a change in policy by Barack Obama 's administration .
When some of the Bush administration 's more reasonable members are asked today how they could have taken the positions they did in 2002 , they cite the anthrax attacks that followed 9\/11 , the intelligence reports of an impending attack with nuclear materials , and the widespread fear of a second attack against the American people .
During the Cold War , the US was able to defend Berlin because our promise to do so was made credible by the NATO alliance and the presence of American troops , whose lives would be on the line in the event of a Soviet attack .
Clinton was able to combine a sense of theater with narrative stories and an overall ability to convey an argument . According to his staff , he developed and improved this gradually over his career .
In a series of foreign-policy speeches , most notably one delivered in Cairo and addressed to the Muslim world , polls show that Obama has been able to restore some of America 's soft power .
Nevertheless , while improvement in these areas would certainly enhance South Korea 's soft power , the very fact of having an open society that is able to produce and discuss such criticisms makes South Korea attractive .
Military theorists today write about `` fourth generation warfare '' that sometimes has `` no definable battlefields or fronts '' ; indeed , the distinction between civilian and military may disappear .
Even if the prospect or threat of the use of force among states has become less probable , it will retain a high impact , and it is just such situations that lead rational actors to purchase expensive insurance .
The US is more powerful than any country since the Roman Empire , but like Rome , America is neither invincible nor invulnerable .
The US was founded in part on mistrust of government , and a long tradition traceable to Thomas Jefferson holds that Americans should not worry too much about low levels of confidence in government .
Goldman Sachs coined the term in 2001 to call attention to profitable opportunities in what it considered `` emerging markets . ''
The American political scientist Andrew Moravcsik makes the similar argument that European nations , singly and collectively , are the only states other than the US that are able to `` exert global influence across the full spectrum from ` hard ' to ` soft ' power .
Insofar as the term retains any meaning , the world is bipolar , and is likely to remain so over the foreseeable future . ''
Compare , for example , the discipline that international banks and the IMF were able to impose on Indonesia and South Korea in 1998 , with the relative freedom of the US -- bestowed by denomination of American debt in dollars -- to increase government spending in response to the 2008 financial crisis .
This is not acceptable .
In addition , even though studies suggest that the short-term , directly measurable economic benefits at the national level are relatively small , and unskilled workers may suffer from competition , skilled immigrants can be important to particular economic sectors .
At one extreme , some view Russia as an industrialized banana republic whose corrupt institutions and insurmountable demographic and health problems make decline inevitable .
Others argue that reform and modernization will enable Russia to surmount its problems , and that its leadership is headed in this direction .
Some argue that our current global institutions are sufficiently open and adaptable for China to find it in its own interests to become what Robert Zoellick , president of the World Bank , once called a `` responsible stakeholder . ''
Indeed , the main dilemma that the international community faces is how to include everyone and still be able to act .
The answer is likely to lie in what Europeans have dubbed `` variable geometry . '' There will be many multilateralisms and `` mini-lateralisms , '' which will vary by issue with the distribution of power resources .
From 1950 to 1974 , Japan averaged a remarkable 10 % annual growth rate , and by the 1980 's was the world 's second largest national economy , accounting for 15 % of global output .
But Japan retains a high standard of living , a highly skilled labor force , a stable society , and areas of technological and manufacturing leadership .
A bankrupt debtor who owes $ 1,000 has little power , but if it owes $ 1 billion , it may have considerable bargaining power -- witness the fate of institutions judged `` too big to fail '' in the 2008 financial crisis .
Negotiations are underway to revise a draft EU constitution . Some Europeans worry that the constitution will enable courts to carry the integration process further and faster than public opinion in member states will tolerate .
Such statements reflect a considerable change from the hostility that bedeviled Indian-Chinese relations following the two countries ' 1962 war over a disputed border in the Himalayas .
But talk of India as a future great power is unavoidable , and some Indians predict a tri-polar world , anchored by the US , China , and India , by mid-century .
Building on that base , Indian information industries are able to play a major global role .
Each year , India produces about twice as many engineering and computing graduates as America , but The Economist reports that `` only 4.2 % are fit to work in a software product firm , and just 17.8 % are employable by an IT services company , even with six months training . ''
After the Meiji Restoration of 1867-1868 , a rising Japan built the military strength that enabled it to defeat Russia in 1905 .
But it also followed a conciliatory diplomatic policy toward Britain and the US , and spent considerable resources to make itself attractive overseas .
And the Chinese economy faces serious obstacles to sustainable rapid growth , owing to inefficient state-owned enterprises , growing inequality , massive internal migration , an inadequate social safety net , corruption , and inadequate institutions , all of which could foster political instability .
Nonetheless , the US was unable to prevent the `` loss '' of China , `` roll back '' communism in Eastern Europe , prevent stalemate in the Korean War , defeat Vietnam 's National Liberation Front , or dislodge the Castro regime in Cuba .
Many crucial issues , such as financial stability or climate change , simply are not amenable to military force .
On one hand , the US supported China 's membership in the World Trade Organization and accepted Chinese goods and visitors . On the other hand , the Clinton-Hashimoto Declaration of April 1996 affirmed that the US-Japan security treaty , rather than being a Cold War relic , would provide the basis for a stable and prosperous East Asia .
This is a natural and welcome evolution , as it enables hundreds of millions of people to escape from poverty .
The net result is that over the past two years , China has worsened its relations with Japan , India , South Korea , Vietnam , and others -- quite a remarkable record that confirms the US strategic premise that `` only China can contain China . ''
When some of the more reasonable members of the Bush administration are asked today how they could have taken the positions that they did in 2002 , they cite the anthrax attacks that followed 9\/11 , the intelligence reports of an impending attack with nuclear materials , and widespread public fear of a second attack .
During the Cold War , the US had been even more vulnerable , in technological terms , to a nuclear attack from Russia , but `` mutual assured destruction '' prevented the worst by keeping vulnerability more or less symmetrical .
There was a good deal of information about Al Qaeda in the American intelligence system , but the US was unable to process coherently the information that its various agencies had gathered .
He was not able to do as much damage to the US as he hoped , but he managed to dominate the world agenda for a decade , and the ineptness of the initial American reaction meant that he could impose larger costs on the US than were necessary .
To the extent that the trillion or more dollars of unfunded war costs contributed to the budget deficit that plagues the US today , Bin Laden was able to damage American hard power .
Of course , whether America can implement the available solutions is uncertain ; several commissions have proposed feasible plans to change America 's debt trajectory by raising taxes and cutting expenditures , but feasibility is no guarantee that they will be adopted .
His coalition partner , Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica , increasingly espouses hardline nationalist rhetoric that is indistinguishable from that of Nikolic and the Radicals .
The difficulty for Tadic lies in convincing Serbian voters that drawing closer to the EU is infinitely preferable to remaining attached to an outmoded concept of statehood that can only lead to isolation and backwardness .
Though these claims are easily discredited , the `` Yes '' side has been unable to provide voters with sufficient reasons to vote for the Treaty .
If that was n't enough , the `` No '' side has also been able to associate the EU with rising fuel and food prices as the campaign draws to a close .
Although this concession is not yet a done deal , there is increasing acknowledgment that it would give Dublin considerable breathing space to conduct a more effective second referendum campaign .
The mood in EU capitals is one of nervousness as polling day looms , with the future of the EU in the hands of Ireland 's unpredictable voters .
Much negotiating blood has been spilled on the Treaty , and its rejection a second time by Irish voters would leave the Union unable to ratify and implement its provisions ; this would inevitably lead to policy paralysis and institutional decay .
The problem is that these favorable attitudes vary considerably in intensity and constitute a `` soft bloc '' of support for the EU ; in the 2008 referendum , this soft bloc crumbled in the final week of the campaign .
It seems clear that a second rejection of the Lisbon Treaty by the Irish electorate would plunge the EU into a renewed crisis and threaten to derail the considerable gains in both democratic legitimacy and collective decision-making capacity deriving from the new Treaty . Everything indicates that voters now look set to approve the Treaty .
Herzog 's broadside resonated across Europe , where for some time there has been considerable disquiet about `` judicial activism '' and what some see as an irreversible trend toward empowerment of the ECJ and other EU institutions .
This is where Sarkozy came in , using his platform as G-20 host to try to forge a set of enforceable guidelines to govern capital-flow management .
Consigning such measures to `` last resort '' status would reduce the available options precisely when countries need as many tools as possible to prevent and mitigate crises .
Rather than embracing a globally enforceable code of conduct that could paradoxically lead to a compulsory opening of capital accounts across the globe , the IMF , the G-20 , the Financial Stability Board , and other bodies should try to reduce the stigma attached to capital-account regulations and protect countries ' ability to deploy them .
These trends are remarkable in light of the shocks from the surge in oil prices , the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , international terrorism , and the breakdown of multilateral trade negotiations .
Existing platforms , such as the G-8 summits , are unsuitable to achieve this course of action , mainly because key players from the developing world are not included .
The main exception is the United States , which , thanks to its reserve currency status , has so far been able to finance its deficit by issuing dollar liabilities that are held by the rest of the world .
Second , the system is unstable , because it makes the major reserve currency 's value dependent on US macroeconomic policy and the vagaries of the US balance of payments and associated domestic deficits .
The dollar has lost what any reserve asset should have : a stable value .
Third , the current system is inequitable , because it forces a transfer of resources from developing countries to the industrial nations that provide reserve currencies .
This generated a huge asymmetry in the world economy , as industrial countries , excluding Japan , hold only 2.6 % of GDP in reserves . One basic reason is that the only `` collective insurance '' available is limited and highly conditional IMF lending .
As Fred Bergsten has reminded us , the mechanism is already available in the form of the `` substitution account '' that was negotiated in the IMF in 1980 .
The only desirable scenario , therefore , is a Chinese economy that transmits its stimulus to the rest of the world mainly through rising imports generated by rapid economic growth -LRB- i.e. , the income effect on import demand -RRB- , rather than by exchange-rate appreciation -LRB- the substitution effect -RRB- .
Equally important , a desirable global scenario is possibly one in which most developing countries run current-account deficits .
It is essential , in particular , to create reliable large-scale financing for developing countries during crises , through a mix of counter-cyclical issuance of SDRs and emergency financing without onerous conditions .
So far during the financial crisis and ensuing recession , the US has been incapable of kick-starting credit growth , the major transmission mechanism by which monetary expansion feeds through to domestic economic activity .
Non-deliverable forward contracts should be subject to close regulation and supervision in both source and destination countries .
This proposal , while limited in scope , could play an important role in initiating discussion of deeper reforms while helping to restore the fragile world economy to health and achieve the aim expressed in the G-20 's Pittsburgh declaration : strong , sustainable , and balanced growth .
Recent financial crises have taught countries that those with large reserves are better able to weather the vicissitudes of international financial markets .
The lack of consensus on the magnitude of the problem , and gaps in legislative coverage , only serves to deepen the holes into which vulnerable populations stumble while attempting to make a living through artisanal e-waste mining .
Essentially , it sought to neutralize sentiments such as those expressed in a memo attributed to Lawrence Summers , former Harvard President and now Director of President Barack Obama 's National Economic Council : `` I think the economic logic behind dumping a load of toxic waste in the lowest wage country is impeccable and we should face up to that . ''
The Basel Convention , now 20 years old , has struggled to keep up with new technologies , unpredictable loopholes , and clandestine economic transactions involving hazardous waste .
The second major category of e-waste management strategies is to decentralize recycling while keeping the environmental impact of small-scale facilities to an acceptable level .
Ultimately , effective strategies for managing e-waste require the development of local infrastructures , aggressive coordination of community participation , and international regulations that encourage sustainable manufacturing practices without stifling innovation .
Such a shift in the global balance of power occurs only about once every century and is comparable to the emergence of the US as a world power a century ago .
Politically , China is comparable to the US in 1800 : an emerging nation with high ideals but widespread poverty and many practices that others find intolerable .
None of this was conceivable as recently as 1992 , when Beijing 's proclamation of `` one country , two systems '' - and the decision to peg the mainland 's currency , the Renminbi , to the Hong Kong dollar - unleashed the floodgates of foreign investment .
But it is inexpensive and adaptable enough that every hospital room can now have its own multipurpose scanner .
With modern highways , port facilities , and communications links available , a cellular phone manufacturer in Shenzhen might receive just-in-time deliveries of parts several times a day from suppliers that are only hours away .
More than 70 % of such companies were unprofitable and were propped up by government subsidy .
Mr. Zhu told the assembled Communist leadership that he had fulfilled the first promise : many of China 's public corporations had become profitable private entities or had been shut down .
Gaza cries out for bone specialists , but the training I need is available only abroad .
But its losses were not significant enough to enable any of the four main opposition parties -- the Action Congress of Nigeria -LRB- ACN -RRB- , the Congress for Progressive Change -LRB- CPC -RRB- , the All Progressives Grand Alliance -LRB- APGA -RRB- , or the All Nigeria People 's Party -LRB- ANPP -RRB- -- to take its place .
On the face of it , there is little reason to expect that another four years of incompetent PDP rule will make Nigeria a more stable and prosperous federal state .
Atiku , a formidable political operator , is positioning himself for his own presidential bid in 2007 .
Confidential company documents made available in late March suggest that Shell withheld vital information on the extent of the downward revaluation of its Nigerian reserves - by 1.5 billion barrels -LRB- 60 % of the country 's total reserves -RRB- - because it wanted to strengthen Nigeria 's hand in negotiating with OPEC to increase the country 's production quota .
Similarly , new reserves `` discovered '' by Shell to enable it to press a claim for the Reserves Addition Bonus was a key source of company profits until 1999 , when a new government reviewed the Memorandum of Understanding .
When Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo made his surprise announcement on 13 January to begin a nationwide dialogue to discuss constitutional reform , he was bowing to the inevitable .
PRONACO has formidable leaders in Wole Soyinka , the Nobel literature laureate , and Anthony Enahoro , an elderly politician who made his name as a fiery young nationalist in the 1940 's .
But a hardening of the mood there , and a brokered armistice between its disenchanted youth and older but vastly more experienced political war horses , will not only present PRONACO with a formidable opponent , but could throw West Africa into turmoil if matters degenerate into a frontal clash .
Attempts by Obasanjo 's supporters to persuade the National Assembly to amend the Constitution to enable Obasanjo to continue in office beyond two terms met a solid wall of opposition .
Several senior military officers whose loyalty was questionable were also replaced .
But this has not stopped Abubakar , a formidable political operator , from launching his presidential bid , despite uncertainty over whether he will fight it out with his boss for control of the PDP machinery or decamp to another political party .
Both local and Western election monitors have said that the poll fell far below acceptable standards .
Buhari has wide support in the north and Abubakar has a formidable and well-resourced party machine ; but mutual distrust run deep in both camps .
It is not yet clear whether Goodluck Jonathan will be able to translate this sectional support into enough votes in the party primaries and beyond to retain the presidency .
Corruption is widespread , and PDP politicians have been unable to deliver the prosperity and improved social services that Nigerians looked forward to following the return of democracy .
Indeed , the PDP has been able to retain power only by rigging successive elections , most spectacularly in 2007 , when the outgoing Obasanjo foisted Yar ` Adua on the party hierarchy .
The all-powerful PDP , relying on its control of the security agencies , the considerable oil revenues to which the president and his retinue had untrammeled access , and an intricate patronage network radiating through the local councils of Nigeria 's 36 states , seemed set to govern indefinitely .
Elections had become a hollow ritual , matters of public policy were not important campaign issues , and the opposition was divided , poorly funded , and unable to devise a strategy to cut the PDP juggernaut to size .
That the elections were held at all -- and without violent conflict between the country 's north and south -- is a remarkable achievement .
While the strategic interests of Russia and China across Central Asia need not be affected in a negative way by the US foray into the region , Uzbekistan 's neighbors will certainly feel that their future security and the regional balance of power might well be compromised by the almost inevitable increase in Uzbek military capacity , a predictable byproduct of cooperation with the US .
The children died over the past decade from malnutrition and starvation , treatable infections , pneumonia , `` accidents , '' and neglect .
Successive governments across central and eastern Europe are responsible for a systemic failure to provide adequate support to families with disabled children , often resulting in abandonment and institutionalization .
The rate of institutionalization of children with disabilities has remained stable , but is set to be reversed .
Privatizing Africa 's Development Lagos -- There has been considerable progress on achieving the Millennium Development Goals since their inception in 2000 .
If they volunteered to act collectively at these forums , Europe would free up much-needed space for other important countries at the top table of world economic discussions , which would foster greater respect for global policymakers .
While growth has been reasonably stable since EMU started , per capita GDP -- probably the best measure of economic success available -- shows that Europe has lagged other regions , even when the figures are adjusted for workforce size .
After all the diplomacy and effort that these epoch-making events required , European policymakers should be able to tackle reform of the IMF , the World Bank , the G-7 , and the G-8 . Yet all of these institutions still reflect the post-World War II status quo , which serves little purpose in today 's world .
On the contrary , Russia 's loss of superpower status is completely unacceptable .
None of this lowers growth or increases energy costs , and some of it potentially stimulates growth . Similarly , a global change to a new , more distributed power sector -- with more renewable energy and a smarter grid infrastructure -- could have growth benefits .
Given that agriculture uses 70 % of the world 's reliable water supply -LRB- and the potential impact of climate change on water reliability -RRB- , a comprehensive approach to climate security will need to embrace better water policies , better integrated land management , and agricultural market reform .
With the ICTY 's closure just one year away , there is a risk that Mladic will never be held accountable .
But , over time , and with more Belarusians traveling to the West , belief in Lukashenko 's leadership has become unsustainable .
On June 7 , a hundred cars blocked roads in central Minsk to protest a 30 % increase in fuel prices -- a daring act in Europe 's most formidable police state .
Moreover , it is based on the experiences of diverse emerging-market countries whose relevance for postcommunist economies is questionable .
But this may not be optimal for the transition economies , which are still experiencing deep structural changes accompanied by sizable relative price adjustments and large capital inflows .
This gap would lead to volatility of capital inflows and output , causing investors to shun long-term projects in the new , unstable part of the eurozone .
Lower risk also will bring inflation expectations down and reduce interest rates , which will in turn speed up the compression of Polish government bond yields to comparable EU levels , increasing financial stability .
More stable financial markets and a less volatile exchange rate relative to the euro will bring many advantages .
By developing and disclose to the public a compelling rationale for what will determine the exchange rate when the time comes , the financial markets would then be able to forecast the future reference exchange rate more precisely .
Until recently , the region maintained a trade surplus with the US , but with liberalization , the region will increase imports of more affordable goods , thereby turning the surplus into a deficit .
A suitable model for the ESC might be the UN Security Council , which allows concerted or joint action should agreement exist amongst its members .
To make this body viable , realistic criteria must underpin its design .
The Foreign Minister and the European Security Council must be allowed to use all available European leverage to the fullest .
Instead , these officials have decided to refocus ADB operations on three areas : inclusive economic growth , environmentally sustainable growth , and regional integration , with a heavy emphasis on private-sector development .
Indeed , many of these countries remain vulnerable to volatile commodity prices , financial-system weaknesses , depressed demand from world markets , and shortfalls in external finance , overseas development assistance , and investment .
This caution is understandable .
It is inevitable and right that Clinton will bring up Tibet , human rights , and other contentious issues .
As they contemplate this turning point , China 's leaders should be aware of how malleable US foreign policy currently is .
Clinton 's openness to new approaches , and her early trip to Beijing , provides an incomparable opportunity for Chinese leaders to help make of the fight against global climate change , which is perhaps the most important challenge to confront the world in our time , a common odyssey .
Here , if all the expressions of good feeling can not be made concrete , an incomparable opportunity to recast Sino-US relations around the issue of climate change will have been lost .
That trip set an indelible baseline against which I have since been able to measure all the changes China has undergone .
As this process unfolded , it became fashionable for market fundamentalists in the West to bask in a sense of vindication .
When , after the eight catastrophic years of George W. Bush 's presidency , Barack Obama entered the White House , it seemed for a moment as if America might be able to arrest its downward slide .
Under such circumstances , even a brilliant leader , with an able staff and promising policies , will be unable to pursue his agenda .
Triumphant from the 2008 Olympic Games , its leaders have undertaken the most impressive infrastructure program in history , implemented a highly successful economic stimulus package , and now are moving into the forefront of green technology , renewable energy , and energy efficiency -- the activities out of which the new global economy is certain to grow .
It is intellectually and politically unsettling to realize that , if the West can not quickly straighten out its systems of government , only politically un-reformed states like China will be able to make the decisions that a nation needs to survive in today 's high-speed , high-tech , increasingly globalized world .
Like it or not , leaders everywhere are now enfolded in an inescapable web .
This is a difficult adjustment for any country to make , especially one like China , which has a history of imagining itself as being at the center of the world while also remaining an inviolable entity that can close its doors whenever it chooses to do so .
But the reality is that neither the euro nor the yen is capable of soaking up China 's growing foreign-exchange reserves .
It is hardly surprising , then , that Chinese officials have begun to seek more diverse and profitable investment possibilities worldwide .
Here the US has not yet shown itself to be a particularly hospitable environment for Chinese investments .
Given the two countries ' long-strained relations , this visit would have been remarkable at any time .
This expectation is an inevitable consequence of Turkey 's geography and history .
Indeed , the only certainty of any pre-emptive strike is irreparable and long-lasting damage to regional security and political and economic stability .
Their explanation was that the West is uncomfortable with the motives and behavior of ideological states -- Syria , Iran , and Iraq under Saddam were states with causes -- Islam , Arab unity , or anti-Zionism .
For Iranians , as bearers of faith and national pride , responses that seem to others self-righteous and irrational are , in fact , necessary and acceptable .
Only an open Iran , fully integrated into the regional economy and granted a role commensurate to its size and economic potential , will be able to moderate its siege mentality .
Indeed , there is a growing fear that a settlement of the Nagorno-Karabakh dispute is more distant now , because Turkey 's public backing has raised Azerbaijan 's expectations , while some Armenians fear collusion between neighbors out to railroad them into an unsustainable agreement .
But the situation is not irretrievable .
After all , if France and Germany can face their tortured history , Turkey should be able to do so as well .
A meeting of presidents is , after all , the ultimate negotiating forum , and must lead to real , sustainable success .
An acceptable blueprint might emerge from high-level negotiations in Astana if it were to build on what succeeded in breaking previous negotiating deadlocks : the idea of a referendum in which the war-weary Karabakhis can determine their final status .
If , in Astana , a high-level group reinforces the idea of a referendum and sets a mutually acceptable date , this would be a significant achievement .
Sustainable Cities
Sustainable Cities NEW YORK -- To most people , big , densely-populated cities look like ecological nightmares , wastelands of concrete and garbage and diesel fumes and traffic jams . But , compared to other inhabited places , cities are models of environmental responsibility .
Most important , New York 's highly concentrated population and comprehensive public transit system enable the majority of residents to live without owning automobiles , an unthinkable deprivation almost anywhere else in the US .
In fact , unconscious efficiencies are the most desirable ones , because they require neither enforcement nor a personal commitment to cutting back .
Much more critical is the inherent inefficiency of the way of life that cars both enable and make necessary , and of the sprawling web of wasteful infrastructure that high levels of individual mechanized mobility lead affluent societies to create .
Countries with expanding economies would be better off using their new wealth to create ways of life that can be sustained beyond that inescapable point , rather than recklessly investing in a future that has no future .
Turkey 's secular , capitalistic , democratic order has become especially valuable to the Bush administration as it seeks to integrate the wider Middle East into the world system by liberalizing its economy and democratizing its polity .
It is geographical : a division of territory and a separation of homelands that involves painful but conceivable compromises on both sides .
Given reasonable security conditions , she may be able to navigate Israel from war to peace .
Uninterested in nationalist daydreams or religious mystique , we simply want to live safely , and , if at all possible , next door to a stable and peaceful Palestine .
Police are unavailable .
Over a million Palestinians , unable to flee to either Egypt or Israel , have for years been ruled by a military junta that prioritizes the killing of Israelis , across the international border , at all costs .
Gazans are worse off than Israelis in every conceivable way .
He or she must talk directly to the Arab League , whose proposed peace plan will require tough Israeli negotiation , but is a reasonable start to preventing future wars , including just wars .
Israel has lost its few capable leaders -- Sharon alongside Begin and Rabin - to assorted calamities .
It will not die any time soon : in the Israeli aviary both doves and hawks are capable phoenixes .
Tel Aviv , who voted Livni and Left of her , should finally be able to stand up to Jerusalem , who voted Netanyahu and Right of him .
Even Israelis , they say , should be able to work in a two-party system .
Is it doable ?
Plans for constitutional reform are already on the table .
Prime ministers will be able to rule full-term with comfortable majorities .
Only then would Israel be able to speak to the world , especially to its Arab neighbors , in a clear and practical voice .
If so , then here 's further proof that only peaceful and stable countries can afford the luxury of incompetent decision-makers .
This deviant logic has expanded Israel 's justifiable acts of self-defense -LRB- such as targeting rocket launchers in Gaza and Lebanon -RRB- into all-out attacks .
Hatred , after all , is not a punishable crime .
ISTANBUL -- Since 2002 , the Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- has been governing Turkey with remarkable success in economic terms .
Indeed , its record is almost unique in Turkey 's modern history , comparable only with the rule of the Democratic Party -LRB- DP -RRB- , which came to power in the 1950 's , at the start of multi-party parliamentary democracy in Turkey , and ran the country for a decade .
With much of its immediate neighborhood convulsed in revolutionary change and in search of a viable road forward , understanding how Turkey moved from cronyism to economic dynamism is vitally important .
That decade was characterized by low and unstable growth ; low per capita GDP , at around $ 3,400 dollars ; dramatically low productivity ; an unsustainable fiscal and financial position in both the public and private sectors ; average annual inflation of 70 % for more than two decades ; a lack of competitiveness , reflected in 10 % unemployment ; and widespread corruption .
Partly as a result of these factors , Europeans tended to refer to Turkey as `` too big , too poor , and too unstable '' for full EU membership .
Exceptionally favorable economic conditions worldwide at this time no doubt helped significantly , but the real credit must go to a government that stuck to its liberalizing instincts .
Not surprisingly , Turkey 's capacity to attract foreign direct investment is now comparable to other fast-growing emerging-market economies .
Some parts of the world are more vulnerable than others to these changes .
Coral reefs , mega-deltas -LRB- which include cities like Shanghai , Kolkata , and Dhaka -RRB- , and small island states are also extremely vulnerable to rising sea levels .
Moreover , the distribution of some diseases would change , making human populations more vulnerable .
To help these most vulnerable communities , it is essential for the world to devise a plan of action to limit the emission of greenhouse gases -LRB- GHGs -RRB- .
His was one of the most brilliant insights in the history of science : a mechanism that enabled the principle of evolution to unify and inform all of biology .
No , the author has many of his facts wrong and goes beyond reasonable speculation , which brings him disdain from scientists .
A bailout , then , would simply delay the inevitable at a huge cost to taxpayers .
China and India gained considerable economic power , and close neighbors in previously isolated communist states were rapidly integrated in the European economy .
Now , after the bubbles have burst , and the property market 's inevitable collapse has been followed by that of banks , public finances , and labor markets , the villains must be punished .
Smaller members of the eurozone , particularly those on its periphery and with weaker economic links to the heartland of the EMU , become vulnerable to overheating and inflation when their ability to raise interest rates is abolished .
In a normal world , the dollar 's weakening would be welcome , as it would help the United States come to grips with its unsustainable trade deficit .
The scale of recent US trade deficits was always unsustainable , and the dollar has therefore fallen against the yen , euro , Brazilian real , and Australian and Canadian dollars .
Consequently , wages are market sustainable .
Rather , the economy has become so vulnerable to declines in asset prices that the Fed is obliged to intervene to prevent them from inflicting broad damage .
In effect , the new cycle locks the Fed into an unstable stance whereby it must prevent asset price declines to avert recession , yet must also promote asset bubbles to sustain expansions .
Policy must also chart a stable long-term course , which implies the need to reconsider the paradigm of the past 25 years .
Consequently , for the time being the US economy has been able to pay the oil tax imposed by speculators .
This has enabled traders collectively to hit upon a strategy of buying oil and quickly re-selling it when end users accommodate higher prices -- a situation that has been aggravated by the Bush administration , which has persistently added oil supplies to the US strategic reserve , further inflating demand and providing additional storage capacity .
In fact , business has always lobbied Congress for favors and tax breaks , and the Lehman Brothers experience proved the foolishness of confusing parables about moral hazard with crisis management .
On the immigrants ' side , there is more resentment against the host , more lassitude about the economy and politics , possible violence or an insistence on maintaining symbolic differences -- ironically , in a society less able to accept them precisely because of its discomfort with difference .
Careful studies need to be done to determine available energy , land , mineral , and biological resources before projects proceed .
Industrialized nations have developed and made great use of nuclear , solar , wind , and bio-gas , and other renewable energy resources .
But in the long run , clean energy will be the only way to bring economic growth without doing irreparable environmental damage .
China must exercise the foresight needed to begin paying this debt now , when it is manageable , rather than allowing it to accumulate and , ultimately , threaten to bankrupt us all .
Because of Islam 's messianic fusion of the political , religious and cultural dimensions , says Huntington , the West and Islam are destined to `` clash '' because the two systems are fundamentally irreconcilable .
At the same time , the information society and globalization have made ours a more insecure world , where we experience risks that politics-as-usual has been unable to address .
In an information society they will be those who are trusted to be able to help interpret or analyze what is happening .
For example , people may see an inevitable tradeoff between tough environmental standards and jobs .
The nature of capitalist growth requires us to take a more holistic view and work out how we can achieve sustainable development .
When I was first elected as a member of parliament in 1981 , people said , `` Now George , you 've got to bang the table . ''
The fall of the Berlin Wall marked the end of an era of mistrust and division , and opened the way for cooperation aimed at a peaceful and stable Europe .
Finally , the need to move ahead with European unification in order to legitimize the inevitable infringement of over-indebted countries ' sovereignty might eventually infringe upon German sovereignty as well .
In the event of sovereign defaults , moreover , the cost of bailing out the banks may far exceed the cost of issuing Eurobonds or instituting a reasonable transfer regime .
Investors need to be reassured that debt-service costs are under control , and that debt volumes and deficit limits are firmly monitored in order to minimize default risks and strengthen banks ' ability to lay the groundwork for sustainable growth .
So long as the eurozone 's systemic risk is not addressed , sovereign defaults are not unlikely , leading to extended bank bailouts that could carry unacceptable costs .
Of course , in the midst of so much uncertainty , it is remarkable that the over-indebted countries ' consolidation efforts remain broadly on track ; but the European Central Bank 's continued bond-buying and liquidity support is only a temporary palliative .
An impasse is inevitable , so playing for time is not a solution .
Despite the fact that the victories of Felipe Calderon in Mexico , Alvaro Uribe in Colombia and Alan Garcia in Peru put a stop to a supposed tsunami of Socialist victories , the trend toward the left is unmistakable .
In the rest of the continent , the other left - the one deemed reliable by Wall Street and London bankers - will not join Chavez 's postures , but neither will it join a crusade to unseat him .
The government urged the country to respect Muslims ' `` understandable sympathies for their fellow-religionists , '' and tensions were avoided .
Even in the self-confident Ottoman Empire , where Jews and Christians enjoyed considerable tolerance , followers of these religions were second-class citizens .
Then , in 1996 , Richard Smalley of Rice University was awarded a Nobel Prize in chemistry for the discovery of fullerenes , beautiful nanometer-scale carbon structures with remarkable properties and many potential applications .
Following the verdict , bailiffs confiscated our equipment , prohibited the publishing house from printing our newspaper , and , most importantly , seized our business bank accounts , rendering us unable to pay the fine .
He was missing for seven days ; when his body was found , it was recognizable only by a bracelet he always wore .
A little more sharp-eyed honesty about Britain 's real weight in the post-war world might have enabled us British to play a more central role in Europe 's affairs , molding the emerging European Union more closely to our own national interests .
As ever , the unpredictable -- a terrorist atrocity or a rash decision by a national leader -- will take its toll .
The figures in Hong Kong , Singapore , and South Korea are even more remarkable than those in Catholic European countries like Spain , Italy , and Poland .
The big question is whether it will be able to impose tougher environmental standards throughout the whole country .
Much of what has happened was predictable , as well over 1,400 men , women , and children have died and more than 4,000 have been injured .
And I suppose that it is conceivable that it could still happen with the help of welcome new mediators like Qatar and Turkey , whose prime minister called Israel 's attack `` a serious crime against humanity . ''
What struck me , thinking back to the days I once spent in Northern Ireland , was how both there and here the crucible of so much struggle , bitterness , and bloodshed is very small . There is an intimacy about the geography of Northern Ireland , Gaza , and the West Bank that makes the violence seem all the more inexplicable and obscene .
Is this violence made inevitable by the clash of cultures , religions , and ethnicities ?
It is now more , not less , able to deal with terrorism .
We are told that NATO and the West can not build a nation there and that the goals that have been set for establishing democracy and prosperity are unattainable .
Groucho posed two insuperable problems for the `` whateverists '' of communism .
So , in the political sphere , reason has trumped both faith in an unattainable goal and self-delusion about the consequences of its pursuit .
Or just better , cheaper , more reliable health care for all ?
How can you have a viable state carved up by fences , military roads , and barbed wire ?
Why should what worked in Northern Ireland -- indeed , what was pressed on Britain by the United States -- be unthinkable in the Middle East ?
Grumpy Old Men LONDON -- Having reached pensionable age , I qualify to be a grumpy old man .
At a gala reception , he went up to one guest , mistaking him for a local , and asked what it felt like to be able to vote and enjoy freedom under the rule of law . `` I would n't know , '' the man replied , `` I 'm from Alabama . ''
At the moment , people applaud sustainable growth , but they do n't vote for what it means in practice .
All this makes the study of history potentially insurrectionary , but hugely valuable .
The mother of a Chinese journalist -LRB- now living outside the country -RRB- had been one of those who returned after 1949 to her homeland with her husband and family from a comfortable life at an American university .
Yet it is China 's economic renaissance -- some of whose effects so disturbed this patriotic old woman -- which has been the most remarkable event in recent world history .
Van Rompuy will be able to offer a longer view than that of a six-month national presidency .
Lady Ashton should be able to tie together the political and resource arms of Europe 's external policies .
We should deploy our aid , diplomacy , and peace-keeping capacity to support sustainable development , good governance , and regional collaboration on the continent .
The present `` no war-no peace '' lull in the Middle East is not sustainable ; nor is a one-state solution either possible or desirable .
Big lottery winners , it is claimed , end up miserable , though real-life research suggests that they are as happy as you and I would be with a check for a million dollars .
If China blocks action in the United Nations Security Council , relations with America will be set back to a point where any G-2 talk will seem laughable .
No wonder they have started to crowd into the premier league table of the world 's rich .
The task is to push sustainable growth much higher .
In Labor 's first nine years of governing , public expenditure as a proportion of GDP was lower than in the comparable Conservative period .
As a result , whoever wins the election will have an awful job cutting the country 's budget deficit -- 12 % of GDP -- and setting the economy back on the road to sustainable recovery .
We should be on the lookout for political fireworks over the next few years in many European countries as people are forced to confront some uncomfortable verities .
LONDON -- Volcanoes have consequences -- and I 'm not just thinking about the chaos caused to air travel by Iceland 's unpronounceable last eruption -LRB- known to the Pentagon as E-15 -RRB- .
But the coalition negotiated by David Cameron 's Conservatives with the third-place Liberal Democrats -LRB- which should give the government a comfortable majority in Parliament -RRB- is not so novel as some people think .
The Liberals , meanwhile , have a golden opportunity to show that they are capable of government , rather than simply flakey representatives of the `` None of the Above '' party .
Europe has the best environmental record of all the big powers , is the largest provider of development assistance to poor countries , and is politically stable .
It is the deepest countryside . As I write this under a vine in my vegetable garden , I look west across wooded hills and can not see another building .
But I used to be able to switch off from the world when on holiday , cut off from the intrusions of technology .
We have also been able to watch on our televisions this month what appears to be the final stages in the battle to cap the huge oil spill off the coast of Florida and Louisiana .
Defining progress in ways that make it sustainable and allow us to maintain the best of the past is difficult .
To illustrate his argument , Benedict noted that the international financial crash , partly a consequence of insatiable greed , had provoked debate about the need for an ethical basis for economic behavior .
The war in Afghanistan bleeds more lives and treasure into the inhospitable terrain of that sad land , with little immediate chance of whatever might constitute sufficient success to allow America and its allies to quit .
We need the sort of courage that was the hallmark of Margaret Thatcher . We need Bill Clinton 's extraordinary ability to spin a political narrative that enabled voters to identify their own interests with his goals .
But just how comfortable were all those past certainties , anyway ?
But just think how different everything would look if America had a trade surplus and a more manageable level of domestic borrowing than the $ 14 trillion run-up in debt by credit-card holders before 2007 .
The birth of a baby in the stables .
Maybe this behavior is attributable to the imminent leadership change , with an aggressive faction in the Communist Party Politburo and Central Committee needing to be mollified .
He will be able to point out , at least in private , that if you look at the real effective exchange rate -- taking account of the impact on export prices of rising labor costs -- the renminbi-dollar gap is a lot less important than China 's critics suggest .
But he must also provide some real evidence that China is opening its markets as domestic consumption grows , and that it recognizes that a sustainable global recovery requires adjustments in China as well as America to redress international imbalances .
First things first : it is a very funny and perceptive book about the characters occupying a fashionable Cairo apartment block -LRB- which really exists -RRB- and squatting in hovels on its roof . Like the crumbling `` Majestic '' hotel in J. G. Farrell 's novel Troubles , about the end of British rule in southern Ireland , the eponymous apartment block was a metaphor for the state , and its inhabitants are figures representative of different aspects of Mubarak 's Egypt .
While research by the Pew Centers suggested that the aspirations of families in the Middle East were similar to those elsewhere , many of us went along with the comfortable delusion that Muslim-majority societies could n't manage and did n't want democracy .
Moreover , provided they were not too troublesome politically over Israel , they could earn a well-paid seat at our table .
They did n't have to like Israel , provided that they were n't too rude about America 's pro-Israel bias and its refusal to accept that insisting on Israel 's inalienable right to exist was not the same as allowing Israel to do whatever it wanted .
In too many countries , they found women were marginalized -LRB- though , to be fair , not in Tunisia -RRB- , education was dominated by religion , and government was autocratic , unaccountable , and corrupt .
For all the gloom with which 2010 ended , the new decade has begun with a glorious example of the indefatigable courage of the human spirit .
It has clout and respect in its own region with formidable fighting forces .
Nor did climate change feature prominently in his argument , although many experts suggest that this may be the cause of the droughts and floods that have ruined wheat harvests in Australia and vegetable oil production in Indonesia and Malaysia .
They have a miserable diet -- not least when compared with Bush 's Texan neighbors .
Intended to provide an economic and political backdrop to peace-making through confidence-building in the Middle East , it was an admirable recognition of Europe 's historical , commercial , cultural , and political ties with its neighbors to the south of the sea which has brought us all together over the years .
Finally , Europe has to decide how serious it is about all the admirable stuff in the Barcelona Process on pluralism , civil society , the rule of law , and democracy .
All that is true . Yet the United States remains the world 's only superpower , the only nation that matters in every part of the globe , the only country capable of mobilizing international action to tackle global problems .
Achieving these goals is bound to involve a greater regard for social equality , after a period in which the very rich have been able to protect a `` Roaring Twenties '' lifestyle through cleverly exploiting the `` culture wars '' -- i.e. , the populist prejudices of their much poorer fellow citizens .
I do not think that a struggle for hegemony is inevitable , or that it would be desirable .
Regions suitable for farming will shift .
Such disasters not only cause death by drowning or starvation , but also damage crops and make them vulnerable to infection and infestations by pests and choking weeds , thereby contributing to food shortages and malnutrition .
Developing countries -- where resources to prevent and treat infectious diseases are scarce -- are most vulnerable to other infectious diseases associated with climate change as well .
International commerce and travel enable infectious diseases to strike continents away from their sources .
Overall , however , the undesirable effects of more variable and extreme weather are likely to overshadow any benefits .
But within their survivable range of temperatures , mosquitoes proliferate faster and bite more as the air becomes warmer .
The immature malaria parasite takes 26 days to develop fully at 68 degrees F , but only 13 days at 77 degrees F. The Anopheles mosquitoes that spread malaria live only several weeks , so warmer temperatures enable more parasites to mature in time for the mosquitoes to transfer the infection .
But to use that expertise -- the most valuable asset a globally competitive financial institution has -- investors need to control the operations of firms in which they have a stake .
The SED is one valuable tool in combating protectionist sentiments .
In this and other bilateral dialogues , the US has demonstrated that we welcome and encourage the rise of a prosperous and stable China .
The rapid depletion of fish stocks is the inevitable outcome of sophisticated industrial technology being thrown at dwindling marine populations as demand rises , fueled by growth in human population and incomes .
The decline has so far been masked in the developed world by seafood products that were not previously available , such as farmed salmon , and by massive fish imports from developing countries .
The fishing industry is , on its own , incapable of reversing the `` fishing down '' trend , notwithstanding arguments by commentators who should know better .
It relies on plants -LRB- plankton sometimes supplemented by agricultural by-products in the case of freshwater fish -RRB- to generate a net addition to the fish food supply available to consumers .
When fed only vegetable matter , such as soy meal , salmon do not grow well , and end up looking and tasting like tofu .
Moreover , such reinvented fisheries will be smaller , and they will rely on fish that move out of marine reserves , the protected ocean areas that we must establish to enable marine ecosystems and the species within them to rebuild some of their past abundance , and to share it with us again .
The newest bit of good news comes from The Center on Wealth and Philanthropy at Boston College , which estimates that Americans will give about $ 250 billion in individual charitable contributions in 2010 , up several billion from last year .
And New Yorkers have grown accustomed to reading about subway heroes -- brave souls who leap onto the tracks to rescue fallen commuters and then often slip away , uncomfortable with attention or credit .
The patterns of charitable donation to foreign countries often have more to do with the salience of news reports than to actual considerations about where the money is most needed .
Unable to vote the general out of office , the public took to the streets .
Simultaneously , there has been considerable erosion of support from Musharraf 's strongest external backer , the United States .
In one move , he reversed the Pakistani political dynamic : being farthest from the dictator became more valuable than being closest to him .
As a result , its current level of consumption will be unsustainable when the oil runs out .
It is , of course , easier to mock the attempts of organizations such as USAID to tackle poppy production than provide a viable solution .
This would be much more effective and durable than the Visegrad initiative , which lumps together three small states with a country that has more inhabitants than its three partners put together , plus its own agenda .
The government of Slovakia lost its majority and is unstable .
Some argue that these countries are inherently unstable .
The comfortable role of criticizing the government fell into the hands of leftist populists , for a change .
British leeriness about giving up the EU rebate in the face of what is perceived as French egoism is equally understandable -- despite the fact that this stance harms the enlargement process , which Great Britain otherwise supports .
By agreeing to significant compromises , the leaders of some new member states were , among other things , trying to show that rekindling strong national egoism in Europe is a dangerous , if not uncontrollable , game .
Even assuming China 's willingness to help Europe 's troubled economies , it would be able to contribute only a modest portion of the huge amount of financing required to restore confidence in European sovereign debt .
In the short term , this might dampen China 's own growth , but , given China 's mammoth trade surplus with the EU -LRB- $ 230 billion in 2010 -RRB- , this is both long overdue and reasonable .
After all , it is not Hamas as a party that is objectionable ; what is objectionable are the politics and policies which Hamas pursues .
Despite the current unfavorable situation , the path to stabilizing the Middle East still leads through joint economic projects .
But we can not reach that goal alone , much less negotiate with those whose idea of a stable and peaceful Middle East is one that has no place for Israel .
Syria , however , can not be ignored , since it is capable of undermining attempts at reaching an Israeli-Palestinian track or stabilizing Lebanon .
The formation of a Palestinian national unity government enables the EU and its partners to resume cooperation with the Palestinian authorities without losing face .
The current EU presidency was able to convince the US administration that reviving the Quartet could be useful .
The EU must not , however , let US or Israeli lack of support thwart its efforts to devise a goal map that would be acceptable to all regional parties , or to push Syria onto a more constructive course by engaging it .
Most Europeans who have been dealing with the issue also assume that Iran is aiming at capacities that would eventually make available all options , including quick development of a nuclear weapon , rather than actually acquiring , let alone testing , a weapon and thereby violating the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
The election will not be entirely free , but the government will be unable to manipulate them entirely .
The majlis plays a role in the political process , to the point of being able to induce or hinder policy changes : witness the way a conservative majlis blocked reformist President Mohammad Khatami in the last years of his term .
Incendiary statements about Israel exacerbate the lack of trust among Iran 's would-be partners , and make it hard for those in Europe and the US who are interested in building more favorable relations . Iran hints that it wants to have a high-level dialogue with the US in the not-too-distant future .
As to the nuclear issue , Iran should try to switch from the language of `` inalienable rights '' to one of pragmatic solutions .
No breakthrough is likely , but the outcome could be more favorable than many expect .
This is not to discount the need for such projects ; the renewable-energy sector , in particular , holds enormous opportunities for cooperation .
Europe needs clean energy , and will not be able to produce enough on its own territory .
Indeed , the availability of uninterrupted electricity often makes the difference between , say , a shoemaker 's workshop and a shoe factory . And these countries have the most suitable environment for solar thermal power production .
And yet , despite the region 's favorable prospects and relatively small size , the Union has been slow in doing so .
As a result , the Tay Bridge , vulnerable in a gale , was blown off its supports .
The bridge was of a relatively new type , known as a cantilever , which had become quite fashionable .
Although each of the notable failures involved a different type of bridge , in no case was the structure radically new .
The cable-stayed bridge is a form that is currently being pushed to limits and beyond those originally imagined to apply to it .
Widespread successes with cable-stayed structures have made the type almost commonplace .
Whether there will be a major cable-stayed bridge failure soon - or around the year 2030 - will most likely depend not so much on computer analyses as on how well engineers know their history and are determined not to repeat it .
I also renewed my support for a subsidy to companies for their ongoing employment of low-wage workers . -LRB- Singapore adopted this idea with enviable results . -RRB-
Much of the stimulus to homeowners is propping up housing prices at unsustainable levels .
It is good to have a banking industry run by a diversity of canny financiers capable of recognizing and willing to fund innovative investment projects .
Markets , being peopled by mere human beings , have trouble figuring out where profitable investment opportunities are -LRB- let alone the most profitable -RRB- .
This personal growth , while an end in itself , is also a source of job satisfaction , which in turn boosts participation in the labor force , and of high employee loyalty , which lowers unemployment , making more good jobs available .
This evidence linking employment to dynamism and tracing dynamism to favorable institutions , such as a well-developed stock market , and to obstructive institutions , such as myriad licenses for entry by new firms , is an advance in our understanding of healthy economies .
Moreover , foreign assistance , while stable in `` normal '' developing countries , often exhibits sharp spikes in countries undergoing war-to-peace transitions .
Plato thought that three conditions must be met in order for us to `` know '' something : the notion in question must actually be true ; we must believe it -LRB- because if we do not believe something that is true , we can hardly claim that we know it -RRB- ; and , most subtly , it must be justifiable -- there must be reasons why we believe the notion to be true .
On the other hand , most of us are woefully inadequate to practice the venerable and vital art of baloney detection -LRB- or , more politely , critical thinking -RRB- , which is so necessary in modern society .
You can think of the paradox in another way : we live in an era when knowledge -- in the sense of information -- is constantly available in real time through computers , smart phones , electronic tablets , and book readers .
To avoid such uncertainties , my colleagues and I introduced the extinction rate -- the number of extinctions per year per species or , to make the numbers more reasonable , extinctions per million species-years -- E\/MSY .
We have yet to do comparable analyses on the fate of Caribbean and Indian Ocean islands following first human contact , but it is likely that large numbers of extinctions occurred there , too .
The great goal , the grand mission , the overarching challenge of our generation , the Bicentennial Generation , is just one : for Chile to be the first country in Latin America to be able to say , before the end of this decade , with pride and humility , that it has overcome poverty and become a developed country with real opportunities for material and spiritual advancement for all its children .
Secondly , these goals are attainable because the world has changed .
They are grand , noble , and ambitious goals , but fully attainable for today 's Chile , the Bicentennial Chile , a Chile now viewing the twenty-first century with more optimism and enthusiasm than ever before .
European and developing-country governments urgently need to reverse their current adverse position on GM organisms in order to help ensure sustainable food security for all .
The problem with this saying is the paranoid mindset behind it , for it implies that the nature of Russian-US relations has not changed fundamentally since the Cold War 's end ; that the animosities that exist between the two countries are those of two permanently implacable geopolitical opponents .
To maintain their influence , it seems , they believe that they need to create an image of America as Russia 's implacable enemy , which , by extending NATO membership to ex-communist countries , is bringing an existential threat right to the country 's doorstep .
The problem with diplomatic paranoia is not that someone is after you , but that you are unable to tell the difference between a real enemy and an imagined one .
The Borgia Candidate for Russia 's Presidency In the latest interview given by Andrei Lugovoi , the man Great Britain wants Russia to extradite for poisoning the dissident Alexander Litvinenko with radioactive polonium , there was a remarkable moment that has not been fully appreciated .
Lugovoi , still rather diffident but with unmistakable pride , mentioned that when he is seen in public , he usually finds himself surrounded by people who want to shake his hand , congratulate him on his valor , and ask for his autograph .
We are evidently facing the mystery of Russian thought that has proved so unfathomable to others , so unyielding to every analytical scalpel , and about which our Slavophiles and Eurasians wrote at length .
A nearly unbridgeable mental gap now separates Russians and Caucasian young people .
Land registration systems introduced in Africa conflicted with local customs , ignored soil conditions , and rarely led to the emergence of viable real estate markets .
Instead , they emphasized the `` importance of sustainable public finances '' and the need for `` measures to deliver fiscal sustainability . '' Gone is the stress on cautious , gradually phased-in exit strategies ; the search for a rebalancing was almost unnoticeable in the meeting 's communiqué .
But an important insight from history is that unsustainable fiscal policies are more likely to result in defaults when fiscal problems can not be inflated away .
Assume that , absent adequate preventive measures , a crisis costing one year of world GDP occurs every 50 years -LRB- a rough but not unreasonable assumption -RRB- .
Under pressure to act without delay , and unable at this early stage to identify key priorities for structural reform , governments set themselves a long and ragbag to-do list .
This was inevitable , because new , better-defined priorities could emerge only after a period of reflection and debate .
Now the US and Europe are in the process of building institutions capable of supporting -- and implementing -- sustained reform .
And , if governments ' dependence on bond markets ' willingness to lend has not rendered them unable to reform financial regulation , this is all the more true for the EU and the G-20 .
For both sides , it is more desirable to let the adjustment take place through changes in nominal exchange rates , which would help contain deflation in the north and inflation in the south .
No one outside academia has taken any interest in it for the last 20 years . Accordingly , there are hardly any comprehensive proposals on the table .
China knows that the current situation is not sustainable , but it remains reluctant to move aggressively to let the renminbi strengthen .
According to an unwritten rule that has emerged over the years , central banks can do as they see fit , as long as they keep inflation stable over the medium term .
Affirmative action programs , of course , have always been vulnerable to attack by those who ca n't benefit from them .
Success grew partly from confidence-building in the first years , but also owes much to the favorable international environment up to 2008 .
Fiscal austerity helped to reverse the rising trend in public debt , and then reduced it to more manageable levels -LRB- debt nonetheless remains comparatively high -RRB- .
Yet the industry has acted more quickly than regulators and supervisors have been able to respond .
But the tools and powers available for home country supervisors are inadequate .
Nothing but the thinnest membrane of denial separates the notion of scientific immortality through priority of discovery from this deeper , older , and wholly non-scientific dream of escaping one 's own inevitable death .
The problem is not that science and medicine wish to avoid finding cures ; it is that they are too strongly motivated by an irrational , unconscious need to cure death to be fully motivated by the lesser task of preventing and curing disease in order to delay their patients ' -- and their own -- inevitable ends .
But these promises are not sustainable .
A vibrant economy -- GDP growth is second only to China 's in Asia -- is indispensable for regional leadership .
To many , Thai-Myanmar relations are too cozy . Critics accuse Thaksin of conflicts of interest , as his family-owned telecommunications conglomerate holds sizeable investments in Myanmar .
Likewise , all yellows find Thaksin 's misrule intolerable , but not all are fanatical royalists .
Thailand 's six-decade-old incumbent regime , which relies on symbiosis between the monarchy and the military , is unable to tolerate elections that empower the rural masses unwittingly awakened by Thaksin 's premiership .
For Thailand 's military-political axis and its supporting pillars in the judiciary and bureaucracy , suppressing these voices has become increasingly unworkable .
But the establishment 's efforts to put a lid on the seething Thai kettle appear untenable .
The remarkable 64-year reign of 83-year-old King Bhumibol Adulyadej deserves credited for Thailand 's unity and stability , which kept communism at bay and enabled steady economic development , warts and all .
The Battle of the Temples BANGKOK -- The military skirmishes between Thailand and Cambodia that have claimed more than two dozen lives , caused scores of injuries , and displaced tens of thousands of people since February are primarily attributable to domestic politics in both countries .
Moreover , the French mapping effort took place just a decade after Siam ceded a clutch of territories -- much of today 's western Cambodia -- to France , which was then perched above Indochina as the colonial master At that time , a vulnerable Siam was compelled to sign a host of unequal treaties with European powers in exchange for maintaining its independence .
At that point , tensions with Cambodia became inevitable .
The pillars of the Thai state -- nation , religion , and the king -- struck a unifying , collective chord , and the resulting stability enabled economic development .
For them , doing so would be tantamount to admitting that most people in this hospitable , well-endowed kingdom had been kept poor by design all along .
Practically everyone knows what is unacceptable , and what needs to be eliminated .
We must recognize that and understand that it emerges not only when the public is apathetic or frightened , but also when there is no apparent stable advanced guard , such as powerful political parties , which choose the leaders and control them .
At the same time , the cost would have been well below any reasonable estimate of the average losses that can be expected from tsunamis .
Fourth , countries are poor often because of weak , inefficient , or corrupt government , characteristics that may disable them from taking cost-justified precautions .
It seems improbable that such enterprises should exist in Bolivia , a fragile democracy , and the hemisphere 's poorest place next to Haiti .
Whichever man wins will face Bolivia 's seemingly intractable pair of ills : social-exclusion and poverty .
Workable solutions will lie not in ideology but rather in capitalizing on what the nation has to offer to the global economy : its stock of pristine ecology .
Economists argue that should the current trickle of 350,000 visitors each year grow to a quite reasonable million , every Bolivian would be employed .
The World Bank and some other organizations have , collectively , gathered a massive amount of data -- covering 1,000 similar products in 146 countries -- to construct comparable international prices .
Otherwise , China 's central bank must focus on keeping the exchange rate stable and does n't have a truly independent monetary policy .
More flexibility would help attain more balanced and sustainable growth .
His interest is understandable .
Moreover , on the fundamental issue of freedom -- `` the non-negotiable demand of human dignity , '' in the words of the Bush administration 's National Security Strategy -- American and Chinese visions conflict .
Of those who die from avoidable , poverty-related causes , nearly ten million , according to UNICEF , are children under five .
Have you , in the past week , bought a bottle of water , a beer , or a coffee when tap water was available at no cost ?
Irrespective of the merits of PETA 's campaign , however , those who stood up for free speech at the UN Human Rights Council should be able to see that the fact that some forms of speech cause offense is not sufficient reason to censor them .
`` Dreams and Facts '' concludes with these stirring words : `` No man is liberated from fear who dare not see his place in the world as it is ; no man can achieve the greatness of which he is capable until he has allowed himself to see his own littleness . ''
Perhaps one day we will find that we are not the only intelligent beings in the universe , and perhaps we will be able to discuss issues of interspecies ethics with such beings .
As for the ultimate objectives of the managerial profession , they are , as we have seen , nothing less than `` to create sustainable economic , social , and environmental prosperity worldwide . ''
We can reasonably disagree with MacAskill 's decision , but we should acknowledge that -- unless there is more going on than appears on the surface -- he was motivated by some of the finest values we are capable of exercising .
Yet three days -- yes , days -- after his conviction , President Richard Nixon ordered that he be released from prison and allowed to serve his sentence in a comfortable two-bedroom house . There he lived with a female companion and a staff to assist him .
They found the arctic ice impenetrable , and soon gave up their quest .
Many people enthralled by nationalistic struggle , end up rejecting all reasonable compromise and advocating genocidal goals .
Moreover , although Muslim religious and secular leaders are able to isolate millenarian terrorists and undercut their popular support , they lack the moral capital to completely discredit nationalist extremists groups like Hamas and Islamic Jihad , as long as the Muslim laity shares some of their goals . To the powerless , nationalist suicide bombers look like a great equalizer .
As long as no distinction is made between nationalist extremists and fanatical terrorists like Al Qaeda , the latter will be able to masquerade as the defenders of Muslims who are seen as `` driven '' to resort to suicide bombing because of military weakness . America 's ill-advised foray into Iraq has further confounded the distinction between the two types of suicide bombers and created a nearly ideal breeding ground for a new generation of terrorists .
One tell-tale sign is the climate skeptics ' contempt for the actual data in the Indian government 's study , which is being used to undermine the IPCC report and the impeccable credentials of the scientist Syed Iqbal Hasnain , the source of the IPCC 's alarming quote on the Himalayas .
Starting a war is always a grave step , and the effects are never neatly calculable .
Where is this remarkable cohort to come from ?
Over the past 15 years , as many central banks became legally independent from government influence , the results in terms of lower price inflation have become undeniable .
Just as an independent central bank helps the private sector take long-term decisions based on a clear and stable set of rules , so an independent financial sector regulator can ensure that the rules of the regulatory game are applied consistently over time .
In the long-term , financial stability , no less than price stability , requires independent and accountable regulators and supervisors .
During his 10 years in power , the economy tanked and hundreds of thousands of his ablest countrymen emigrated .
If this problem is not resolved , foreign investors , let alone tourists , will continue to view Georgia as unstable and stay away .
As a broker of Shevardnadze 's removal , Russia at last appears to be interested in a stable Georgia .
A Georgian Marshall Plan , with a strategic economic development plan and specified milestones , holds promise because the government would be able and willing to design and implement a viable program .
But a flourishing democracy there will have inevitable spillover effects on Georgia 's neighbors , Azerbaijan and Armenia .
Today 's hardcore Russian nationalists consider Putin 's regime too soft , too pragmatic , too reasonable -- in their language , `` weak and indecisive . ''
Fortunately , there is no sign yet -LRB- not even on the horizon -RRB- of a charismatic leader capable of forging the scattered energies of national-socialist grievances into a critical mass of hatred and `` national revival . ''
This is unpalatable to the Bush administration , which has helped keep Musharraf in power , despite the fact that 75 % of Pakistanis want him to resign .
Toward this end , progress in Pakistan and Afghanistan would be highly valuable .
For each degree Celsius of warming , 7 % more water is available to rain down from saturated air masses .
The events of this summer show how vulnerable our societies are to weather-related extremes .
Over the years , I 've come to recognize something that is as disturbing as it is undeniable : as a group , male basic scientists sail through the committee effortlessly .
That will allow them to contribute in a sustainable way to increasing global demand .
Matters were exacerbated by firms ' postponement until a recession of hard choices about closing unviable plants and shedding workers .
So , rather than hire in a panic at the first sign of recovery , as they did in the past , for fear that they will be unable to do so later and lose sales , firms today would rather ensure that the recovery is well established before hiring .
The lesson for policymakers is clear : instead of constantly trying to boost spending and potentially creating problems for the future , a more sustainable way to improve job growth is to facilitate the `` re-skilling '' of the unemployed , especially those who were in construction-related jobs .
Eventually , better labor-force supply will create healthier and more sustainable demand .
Economists even analyzed the political economy of regulation and deregulation , so we could have understood why some US politicians pushed the private sector into financing affordable housing , while others deregulated private finance .
We can not point to a lonely Cassandra like Robert Shiller of Yale University , who regularly argued that house prices were unsustainable , as proof that the truth was ignored .
But if economists were confined to the ivory tower , we might be unbiased , but we would also be ignorant of practicalities -- and thus even less capable of predicting problems .
The build-up of public debt in industrial countries -LRB- which was rising briskly well before the Great Recession pushed it to near-unsustainable levels -RRB- reflects this kind of calculus .
With governments in many developed countries now reaching the limits of their gap-filling capacity , three undesirable possibilities loom large -LRB- in addition to the desirable possibility that they will have no choice but to undertake long-postponed reforms that will create sustainable growth with less need for government buffers -RRB- .
The second undesirable possibility -- that governments with little spending capacity to assuage public anger turn against democracy and free expression -- is also remote for now .
That leaves the third undesirable possibility , the search for unprotected scapegoats upon whom public anger can be dissipated .
So , rather than hire in panic at the first sign of a recovery for fear that they will be unable to do so later and lose sales , firms would rather make sure that the recovery is well established before adding workers .
Moreover , because health-care benefits are often tied to jobs , an unemployed worker also risks losing access to affordable health care .
In practice , though , public pressure to do something quickly enables politicians to run roughshod over the usual checks and balances on government policy making .
If the Fed were to accept the responsibilities of its de facto role as the world 's central banker , it would have to admit that its policy rates are not conducive to stable world growth .
But the education system has been unable to provide enough of the labor force with the necessary education .
The benefits -- growing consumption and more jobs -- were immediate , whereas paying the inevitable bill could be postponed into the future .
Cynical as it might seem , easy credit has been used throughout history as a palliative by governments that are unable to address the deeper anxieties of the middle class directly .
More low-income housing credit has been one of the few issues on which President Bill Clinton 's administration , with its affordable-housing mandate , and that of President George W. Bush , with its push for an `` ownership '' society , agreed .
Indeed , one can imagine black marketeers and smugglers buying where grain is available and transporting it to sell to countries where it is not .
Myopic actions on both sides have helped entrench a longer-term pattern of behavior that only makes it harder to move away from today 's unsustainable equilibrium .
Unfortunately , the macroeconomic changes that countries must make involve actions to which even heads of state are unable to commit .
So we are caught between a financially unsustainable pattern of global demand and the need for politically difficult changes in many countries ' domestic policies .
The G-20 asked the International Monetary Fund to prepare a road map for the policies that countries will have to follow to restore stable global growth .
Estimates suggest that over 60 % of Iraqis depend for their income on government , which will obtain the bulk of its revenues from oil for the foreseeable future .
But when an easily extractable , government-controlled resource accounts for a large share of national output , democracy can suffer .
Democracy is stable only when it is accompanied by a wide diffusion of economic power , which gives the citizenry the ability to keep a government from becoming arbitrary and tyrannical .
So how to build the economic basis for a stable democracy in post-war Iraq ?
Japan was perhaps easier to transform because it did not have an abundance of easily extractable natural resources . But land holdings were concentrated and a few large combines called `` Zaibatsus '' held industrial power .
Subsequent reforms expanded and widened the land-owning class , fostering an agricultural revival and making Japanese democracy more stable .
The need for reliable suppliers during the Korean War forced a compromise with the Zaibatsus . This partly explains why Japan 's domestic market remains uncompetitive despite its vibrant democracy .
This can provide considerable stability -- indeed , the second half of the 20th century saw only four German firms succumb to hostile takeovers -- but at the cost of reducing access to finance and curtailing future opportunities .
The pro-market bias that characterized EU policy up to now -LRB- with notable exceptions , such as agricultural policy -RRB- may well shift in the opposite direction .
Today , oil is the most important and valuable internationally traded commodity , and its significance to our civilization is underscored by the recurrent worry that we are running out of it .
So , if oil substitutes are not easily available , modern societies should focus on the sources of demand , most of which is attributable to the transport sector .
Western leaders repeatedly declare that no option is off the table to stem Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
Authorities have distributed potassium iodide tablets to the nearby towns of Yerham , Dimona , and Aruar .
And , while Israel 's Arrow ballistic missile defenses , which now surround Dimona , may be superior to the Patriot system that failed in 1991 , Syria 's more advanced Scuds and Iran 's Shahab 3 rocket present a more capable challenge than Saddam 's projectiles .
The result is the stable region that the world sees today .
History suggests that , in fits and starts , Iraq , like Vietnam and Lebanon , will find itself able to sort out its own affairs .
But there is a notable exception to this pattern : Libya 's decision in December 2003 to abandon its nuclear weapons program .
The country 's dramatic shift from the nearly quarter-century effort to get the bomb marks a remarkable proliferation reversal -- and sanctions played a key role .
Unfortunately , whatever the decision -- which has been delayed perhaps until late Fall to allow Obama 's administration more time to muster support for the treaty -- the US and Russian governments will continue to place each other in the nuclear crosshairs for the foreseeable future .
This raises the question of whether Israel 's repeated refrain that `` all options are on the table '' implies that even a nuclear strike is possible .
And it repeatedly uttered threats that `` all '' options are on the table .
But , for a country that has had little faith in deterrence when it comes to existential nuclear threats , relying on it now would mark a new , uncomfortable bet .
Nonetheless , the US seems destined to remain the world 's most important actor for the foreseeable future . But today it is an actor without a script -- it lacks a strategic guide comparable to the Cold War 's containment doctrine to prioritize policy .
Had American forces not expelled the British from US territory in the first , and had Abraham Lincoln and the Union not prevailed in the second , the country would have been balkanized and unable to become the dominant power of the twentieth century .
Through trial and error -- backed by a durable political and economic system -- the US prevailed and the Soviet Union disintegrated .
Thus far , changes are noticeable in his appearance and slogans , and a certain self-criticism has crept into his public persona .
But neither his tweets , his image as a sportsman , his government 's televised ministerial meetings , nor the articles in which he lashes out at the opposition have been able to stem a growing perception that his illness has launched an uncertain transition .
Today , Chávez is the only one capable of controlling the government , the armed forces , the militias , the PSUV , and even the opposition .
He has become the stable axis of the unstable Venezuela that he has helped to create .
So , for now , northeast Asia is temporarily calmer and less unstable than it has been for almost two decades .
Meanwhile , the instruments for a larger Asia-Pacific economic community are already in place , starting with the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation -LRB- APEC -RRB- forum , with the ultimate goal being to meet the imperative for durable peace and security .
America 's overstretched military provides the irrefutable rationale for a deep restructuring of Asia-Pacific security .
Timor-Leste is still only an observer in the ASEAN family , but it appears able to grasp -- far better than Myanmar , an ASEAN member state -- the need for a rules-based ASEAN that stands for democratic governance even in the most difficult of circumstances .
That choice matters as an example across Asia , because Pakistan has long been the traditional sanctuary of Al Qaeda and its Taliban cohorts , who hide in the inhospitable Pakistani-Afghani border region .
This policy has enabled the group to remain united over the years , despite severe disagreements .
He will also be able to push Israel to reinvigorate the derailed Middle East peace process .
International goodwill will probably be the key to his success , if not in re-establishing American hegemony , then at least in making America the `` indispensable nation '' once more .
By strategizing `` out of the box '' and finding ways to link Obama 's Asian agenda with that of their own nations , Philippines President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo and other Asian leaders will be able to truly make the Pacific the central focus of the Obama administration 's diplomacy .
That rapprochement was possible because Taiwan 's then newly elected vice president was given permission by China to attend the forum , where he was able to meet informally with President Hu .
At this time of economic turmoil around the world , increasing Taiwan 's formal economic links with China and its regional partners can only benefit everyone involved , because an inevitable side-effect will be a lessening of tension .
In the tumult of the post-revolutionary period , she presided with surprising even-handedness over the unavoidable rivalries among different sides of the political spectrum . More importantly , Cory sparked the momentum for the Philippines to regain a position of respect , dignity and even admiration in the community of nations .
Just as the nations of Western Europe exploited the Cold War stalemate to build the European Union , Asia must exploit the common interests that the United States , Japan , China , India , South Korea , Russia , Australia , New Zealand , and all the Southeast Asian countries have in securing a peaceful and stable Asia-Pacific .
But such an Asia-Pacific peace will be durable only if it is based on a balance of mutual benefits rather than on the balance of power .
The Scientific Road to Copenhagen BERLIN -- On June 10 , 1859 , six months before Charles Darwin published his Origin of Species , the physicist John Tyndall demonstrated a remarkable series of experiments at the Royal Institution in London .
By 1960 , he was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
This may be sufficient to produce measurable and perhaps marked changes in climate . ''
But , while emerging economies are proving to be drivers of global demand , the right mix of government initiatives and policies is still required to ensure that they continue to provide the impetus for faster world economic recovery in the short term and be the engines of sustainable growth in the medium and long term .
As the European Constitutional Convention assembles to debate the fine points of the European Union 's future institutions , now is the moment to think the unthinkable about where Europe is heading .
Or at least , to consider perhaps a quite different question : where would it be reasonable for the EU to move ?
Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia came into existence because their constituent parts were not seen as viable independent states .
To be viable , a state needed to be large enough to defend itself and to constitute a relatively self-contained economic market .
Both EU and NATO membership make war among European member states unthinkable , and an attack on even the smallest NATO member would bring a response from all NATO members .
It is fashionable to mock the bureaucratic minutia of European regulation .
Germany and Italy are simply too big , as compared to Portugal or Belgium -LRB- itself a rather questionable amalgam of the Flemish and the Walloons -RRB- , and this creates the types of imbalances reminiscent of the heavy foot of Prussia in the old Bismarckian empire .
This is necessary in order to develop our internal market and economies , create new jobs , promote sustainable growth , and strengthen our competitiveness .
It is a prerequisite for the EU to be able to play a strong and positive role internationally , promoting peace , sustainable development , free trade , and good governance .
The Commission has presented a very reasonable proposal for how this can be done .
Taming the Private Equity `` Locusts '' The full repercussions of the financial crisis triggered by bad mortgages in the United States are still unclear , but the unforeseen effects already include an unstoppable demand for greater transparency in financial markets , and better regulation .
A once profitable and healthy company is milked for short-term profits , benefiting neither workers nor the real economy .
In a separate move , Brown promised to close any legal loopholes that enable hedge fund managers to exempt themselves from paying taxes .
Given that the largest part of the industry -LRB- 60 % -RRB- is based on leveraged buy-outs and extreme debt , it seems only reasonable to demand that they honor the transparency and tax rules accepted by everyone else .
The White House 's current occupant is a more formidable obstacle to reform , but change is coming .
Even so , ensuring transparency and disclosure can not fully address heavily debt-laden leveraged buy-outs , which would still be objectionable .
Emerging market countries elsewhere have made considerable reform progress of late , but they must sustain the momentum to guard against potential shocks .
For all the successes of recent decades , the fact remains that 20 % of the world 's population still lives on less than $ 1 a day , while HIV\/AIDS and other communicable diseases are ravaging many societies .
The IMF and World Bank would offer advice , expertise , and financing , with the Fund concentrating on the macroeconomic and financial stability that is crucial to fostering durable growth and poverty reduction .
Governments and institutions like the IMF must keep this in mind as they seek to ensure a durable economic recovery that will benefit all of the world 's people .
Indeed , the joint IMF-World Bank Heavily Indebted Poor Countries -LRB- HIPC -RRB- Initiative was launched in 1996 to coordinate efforts by multilateral organizations and governments to reduce poor countries ' debt burdens to sustainable levels .
In 2006 , for example , Zambia will see its debt fall by almost 10 % of GDP , leaving more resources available for development .
Outside efforts can help reduce poverty , but it is , ultimately , the efforts of low-income countries themselves to sustain strong economic performance , improve governance , and develop stable and effective institutions that will have the most important impact on reducing poverty .
But the status quo is unacceptable .
The initiative will have to come from the top if the case is to be made within each country for more open markets , and for help to be made available to those facing adjustment .
For example , it is untenable in rich countries that farm interests accounting for less than 4 % of employment are effectively able to block a deal to open new markets for services and manufactures , which account for more than 90 % of employment .
While the path back to the negotiating table is not an easy one , the obstacles are not insurmountable .
Second , there is now clear advice to the Fund 's member countries on how they should run their exchange rate policies , and on what is acceptable to the international community .
Under the IMF Articles of Agreement , members are required to collaborate to promote a stable system of exchange rates and to avoid manipulation with a view to gaining an unfair trade advantage .
By clarifying what surveillance entails , the new decision should help the IMF and its members see eye to eye on the Fund 's role , help those involved in surveillance do their job properly , and make the Fund more accountable for delivering on this key responsibility .
At the same time , it can provide the nonpartisan technical expertise that enables governments to define policies that will ensure continued economic stability .
Moreover , the available data confirms that the higher the rate of growth , the higher the average rate of poverty reduction .
Indeed , the best data available suggests that inequality increases about half the time , and falls the other half .
In cases where household survey data has tracked the same families over time it is common to find considerable churning under the surface .
Opening the economy and freeing internal markets may well entail sizable redistribution between rich and poor , but in opposite directions in the two groups of countries .
Unusual or undesirable behaviors are called `` symptoms '' and the labels are `` diagnoses . ''
Nobody needs do anything differently -- except take the tablets .
Second , a model of individual pathology is invaluable to politicians .
The pharmaceutical industry , fueled by our desire for quick fixes , has effectively deployed its considerable power to promulgate the notion of `` disorders '' and `` illnesses '' in all domains of our lives .
A wide range of effective treatments are available that do n't cause weight gain , sexual dysfunction , diabetes , memory loss , or addiction .
Its intellectual and academic pedigree is impeccable .
As long as choice engineering tricks us into making choices that our own more deliberate self would make , they say , manipulation is justifiable .
Is it really always so reasonable and effective to listen to System-II preferences ?
The Enlightenment idea that our System-II rationality can always point to an optimal choice about which every reasonable individual would agree clashes with the widely accepted modern idea that there is a plurality of reasonable choices .
This is crucial , because whatever technical advances there may be in solar and other renewable energy sources , we will depend on coal and oil for the next 40 years .
Even a tiny probability of global catastrophe is unacceptable .
The decisions that we will make both individually and collectively in the foreseeable future will determine whether twenty-first century science yields benign or devastating outcomes .
This comparatively benign situation reflects Colombia 's relatively favorable macroeconomic conditions .
But , while Colombia is not as bad off as some of its neighbors , the country will not be able to pull itself out of the crisis easily .
If so , the outlook for Colombia is more favorable in 2010 and 2011 , when growth should be close to 3 % , thanks to inflows of foreign investment , improvements in security , and a better business environment .
The view that flexibility is the key factor in employment is no longer tenable .
Although the bean variety existed in publicly available seed collections , it took ten years , hundreds of thousands of dollars , massive protest by farmers and civil society , the intervention of international agencies , and five consecutive legal decisions before the USPTO finally annulled the patent in July 2009 .
In January 2000 , the Action Group on Erosion , Technology and Concentration -LRB- ETC Group , then known as RAFI -RRB- published the first denunciation of the Enola patent as technically invalid and morally unacceptable .
The Enola patent was wrong from the outset , yet it remained enforceable for half its life , despite the active efforts of international institutions , governments , and civil-society organizations .
In simple human terms , millions of people are alive today because these norms enabled the work of the International Committee of the Red Cross -LRB- ICRC -RRB- .
She argued that to set limits on war , as the ICRC devotes itself to doing , is also to make war more morally palatable to those who wage them and those who fight them .
If , as in Bosnia , a commander 's goal is to replace the Muslim population of a given area with Serbs , then war has , by definition , been made indistinguishable from a war crime .
But the idea that such interventions can become customary , that great powers -LRB- and only great powers have the resources to act effectively -RRB- will commit their troops to kill and die in endless wars of altruism is utopian in the worst sense of the term -- it is utterly unrealizable .
There was the US government 's eleventh-hour decision to table hundreds of objections to the final Summit Declaration , effectively reducing it to a series of lowest-common-denominator platitudes .
Only American neo-conservatives , understandably grateful for his championing of the Iraq war and his ability to argue for it coherently and eloquently -LRB- unlike President Bush , who was and is unable to do either -RRB- , are sorry to see Blair go .
Neither his successor , Gordon Brown , nor George W. Bush 's successor , whoever he or she turns out to be , will be able to mount another intervention similar to that in Kosovo , let alone Iraq .
At the same time , there has been a notable deterioration in underlying `` core '' inflation , which strips out food and energy prices .
Spillover effects are inevitable , and once a corrosive increase in inflationary expectations sets in , it becomes all the more painful to unwind .
Premier Wen Jiabao laid the groundwork four years ago , when he first articulated the paradox of the `` Four ` Uns ' '' -- an economy whose strength on the surface masked a structure that was increasingly `` unstable , unbalanced , uncoordinated , and ultimately unsustainable . ''
While the manufacturing approach served China well for 30 years , its dependence on capital-intensive , labor-saving productivity enhancement makes it incapable of absorbing the country 's massive labor surplus .
Sclerotic companies were put on life-support credit lines by their zaibatsu -- like banking partners -- delaying their inevitable failure and perpetuating inefficiencies and disincentives that resulted in a post-bubble collapse in Japanese productivity growth .
This fits with the 12th Five-Year Plan 's new focus on innovation-based `` strategic emerging industries '' -- energy conservation , new-generation information technology , biotechnology , high-end equipment manufacturing , renewable energy , alternative materials , and autos running on alternative fuels .
While Chinese export industries remain highly competitive , there are understandable doubts about the post-crisis state of foreign demand for Chinese products .
Long the most powerful driver of Chinese growth , there is now considerable downside to an export-led impetus .
Its new 12th Five-Year Plan says it all -- a pro-consumption shift in China 's economic structure that addresses head-on China 's unsustainable imbalances .
In addition , it takes the heat off an undervalued currency as a prop to export growth , giving China considerable leeway to step up the pace of currency reforms .
Will the Atlantic Alliance be able to defend our safety and security in a radically altered strategic environment ?
If we are to make reforms sustainable and ensure that they truly protect human rights , we need effective institutions of government .
Similarly , billions of people are today unable to access or protect their legal rights because judicial and law enforcement systems are impoverished or lack integrity .
I am aware that Judge Goldstone , a dedicated and unimpeachable human rights lawyer and advocate , shared similar concerns when he was initially approached .
But he was able to work with the Council 's president to secure an agreement he felt confident would permit the mandate to be interpreted in such a way as to allow his team to address the actions taken by both parties to the conflict .
But is the system being so delegitimized by the economic and social turmoil that elections will no longer be viable ?
But it is now blindingly obvious that capitalism is too unstable to survive without strong public regulation .
That is why , after years of being neglected as a viable option , it is time for the social-democratic project to return to the political fore .
Today 's accepted wisdom is that markets are optimally balanced whatever their state , meaning that no government intervention or regulation would be efficient or desirable .
Still , to judge from most media coverage , the parallel sub-prime and packaged loan crises , which are paralyzing global finance , are entirely attributable to banks ' `` immorality , '' and are in no way due to systemic failure .
The atmosphere in parliament is execrable , and may be enough to topple the government in a no-confidence motion .
Balancing cuts in public spending in order not to endanger growth and employment requires a stable and smart government -- and time . The UK and Germany are , with their excessive restrictions , are preparing the ground for recessions at home .
The grumpy , moaning , and intractable people of France have demonstrated many times that they can wake up and meet the challenges of the day .
For each of these countries , membership will mean a stable peace with its neighbors and reconciliation at home , as well as accelerated economic growth .
Consider the vast investment and entrepreneurial activity that China has elicited through a hybrid system of property rights and a legal regime that is as far as imaginable from the Anglo-American system .
This illustrates a broader point : there is no unique , non-context specific way of achieving desirable institutional outcomes .
We need to develop a framework for `` growth diagnostics '' capable of pinpointing where even a little reform can go a long way .
The US , in particular , could intensify its pursuit of bilateral deals , by which it is able to impose increasingly inappropriate policy priorities on smaller nations .
The silver lining in an amicable break-up of the trade talks is that it would give negotiators a chance to focus on issues that are of much greater significance to developing nations .
The problem is not another financial meltdown in an emerging market , with the predictable contagion that engulfs neighboring countries . Even the most exposed countries handled the last round of financial shocks , in May and June 2006 , relatively comfortably .
Freeing up capital flows had an inexorable logic -- or so it seemed . Developing nations , the argument went , have plenty of investment opportunities , but are short of savings .
Latin America , Argentina and Brazil have been running comfortable external surpluses recently .
In fact , capital inflows can make things worse , because they tend to appreciate the domestic currency and make production in export activities less profitable , further weakening the incentive to invest .
But the currency appreciation that follows will likely set off an unsustainable consumption boom , wreak havoc with your export sector , create unemployment , and sap your growth potential .
The importance of a competitive currency for economic growth is undeniable .
An undervalued currency enables an economy to integrate into the world economy on the basis of strong export performance .
Equally important , the central bank needs to signal to the public that it now cares about the real exchange rate , because it is important to exports , jobs , and sustainable growth .
This will mean more investment in tradable industries , more employment overall , and faster growth .
El Salvador is constrained by inadequate production incentives in tradable goods .
African players are able to earn much more money by marketing their skills in Europe -- not just the top clubs in the Premiership or the Spanish Primera Liga , but the countless nouveau-riche clubs in Russia , Ukraine , or Turkey .
If you are a resident of Yaoundé , the decline in the quality of domestic play may not be a big deal if you can afford a cable connection that allows you to tune in to the English Premier League .
Deregulation promised to spawn financial innovations that would enhance access to credit , enable greater portfolio diversification , and allocate risk to those most able to bear it . Supervision and regulation would stand in the way , liberalizers argued , and governments could not possibly keep up with the changes .
Real and sustainable change is supposedly possible only by transforming the `` rules of the game '' -- the manner in which governments operate and relate to the private sector .
Placing emphasis on governance also has the apparent virtue of helping to shift the focus of reform toward inherently desirable objectives . Traditional recommendations like free trade , competitive exchange rates , and sound fiscal policy are worthwhile only to the extent that they achieve other desirable objectives , such as faster economic growth , lower poverty , and improved equity .
As desirable as the rule of law and similar reforms may be in the long run and for development in general , they rarely deserve priority as part of a growth strategy .
Unfortunately , the type of institutional reform promoted by , among others , the World Bank , IMF , and the World Trade Organization is biased toward a best-practice model , which presumes that a set of universally appropriate institutional arrangements can be determined and views convergence towards them as being inherently desirable .
Insofar as they narrow rather than expand the menu of available institutional choices , they serve the cause of good governance badly .
Although economic globalization has enabled unprecedented levels of prosperity in advanced countries and has been a boon to hundreds of millions of poor workers in China and elsewhere in Asia , it rests on shaky pillars .
While these worries hardly amount to the full frontal attack mounted by the likes of Joseph Stiglitz , the Nobel-prize winning economist , they still constitute a remarkable turnaround in the intellectual climate .
What they want is not to turn back globalization , but to create new institutions and compensation mechanisms -- at home or internationally -- that will render globalization more effective , fairer , and more sustainable .
That model , we have learned , is unsustainable .
We allow non-banks to make home loans and let them offer creative , more affordable mortgages to prospective homeowners not well served by conventional lenders .
Then we enable these loans to be pooled and packaged into securities that can be sold to investors , reducing risk in the process .
Macroeconomic policymakers could have gotten their act together and acted in time to unwind those large and unsustainable current-account imbalances .
The fear is no longer that they will be unable to insulate themselves . It is that their economies could be dragged into much deeper crises than those that will be experienced at the epicenter of the sub-prime debacle .
Once the dust settles , China , India , Brazil , South Korea , and a handful of other `` emerging '' nations will be able to exercise greater influence over the way that multilateral economic institutions are run , and will be in a better position to push for reforms that reflect their interests .
First , the financial crisis has weakened the United States and Europe . They will be unwilling or unable to provide the kind of leadership that sustained multilateralism in the decades that followed World War II .
Set at a low enough level -- say , 0.25 % -- such a tax would have little adverse effect on the global economy while raising considerable revenue .
The administrative difficulties in implementing a Tobin tax are not insurmountable , as long as all major advanced countries go along .
Developing nations should argue that recognizing these economic and political realities makes the global trade regime not weaker and more susceptible to protectionism , but healthier and more sustainable .
The World Trade Organization , meanwhile , has wasted valuable time on the irrelevant Doha round .
At the political level , capitalism requires compensation and transfer mechanisms to render its outcomes acceptable .
But we do have history on our side : capitalism 's saving grace is that it is almost infinitely malleable .
Very few among them -LRB- notable exceptions including Nouriel Roubini and Robert Shiller -RRB- raised alarm bells about the crisis to come .
The problem is that economists -LRB- and those who listen to them -RRB- became over-confident in their preferred models of the moment : markets are efficient , financial innovation transfers risk to those best able to bear it , self-regulation works best , and government intervention is ineffective and harmful .
Under its capable managing director , Dominique Strauss-Kahn , the Fund has been one of the few official agencies ahead of -- instead of behind -- the curve . It moved quickly to establish a fast-disbursing emergency line of credit for countries with `` reasonable '' policies .
It ardently championed global fiscal stimulus on the order of 2 % of world GNP -- a position that is all the more remarkable in view of its traditional conservatism on all fiscal matters .
This move would likely face considerable resistance from staff who have gotten used to the perks of Washington , DC .
But we should not lose sleep over them , because they are flawed and ultimately unsustainable .
Foreign borrowing can enable consumers and governments to live beyond their means for a while , but reliance on foreign capital is an unwise strategy .
When they are high , they are apt to crowd out investments in manufactures and other , non-traditional tradables .
But a return to high growth in developing countries requires that they resume their push into tradable goods and services .
But the next worst thing is to assume that a minor patch-up will be enough to render globalization healthy and sustainable .
Mismanage the process , and the consequences could be unimaginable .
Similarly , healthy and sustainable globalization should not impose a straitjacket of common rules on everyone .
This view reflects a venerable tradition that goes back to Adam Smith and continues a proud existence in today 's economics textbooks .
Asymmetric information between sellers and buyers of financial products can easily leave buyers vulnerable to abuse , as we saw with mortgage-backed securities .
When markets are in a euphoric state , they are in no position to exert discipline on any borrower , let alone a government with a reasonable credit rating .
In many of these cases -- Turkey during the 1990 's is a good example -- financial markets enabled irresponsible governments to embark on unsustainable borrowing sprees .
Financial globalization was supposed to have enabled poor , undercapitalized countries to gain access to the savings of rich countries .
We would have heard about a long-list of mortgage-related instruments , which supposedly made financing available to home buyers who would not have been able to purchase homes otherwise .
But , until Turner mentioned the idea , you would not have been able to identify a single major policymaker from the United States or the UK , the world 's two leading centers of global finance , with anything nice to say about it .
It would not have protected European and other nations from becoming awash in toxic mortgage assets exported from the US . And it would not dissuade governments intent on pursuing unsustainable monetary and fiscal policies financed by external borrowing .
But what may be desirable under extreme conditions for a single country can be highly detrimental to the world economy .
Three things explain this remarkable resilience : ideas , politics , and institutions .
Economists have been extraordinarily successful in conveying their message to policymakers -- even if ordinary people still regard imports with considerable suspicion . Nothing reflects this better than how `` protection '' and `` protectionists '' have become terms of derision .
But , before we relax , let 's remember that we still have not addressed the central challenge the world economy will face as the crisis eases : the inevitable clash between China 's need to produce an ever-growing quantity of manufactured goods and America 's need to maintain a smaller current-account deficit .
Under its capable managing director , Dominique Strauss-Kahn , and distinguished chief economist , Olivier Blanchard , it has been a voice for sanity on global fiscal stimulus in the midst of much cacophony .
In particular , `` hot '' capital inflows make it difficult for financially open economies like Brazil to maintain a competitive currency , depriving them of what is in effect the most potent form of industrial policy imaginable .
Currency undervaluation is currently the Chinese government 's main instrument for subsidizing manufacturing and other tradable sectors , and therefore promoting growth through structural change .
It acts as a subsidy on the production of tradable goods -LRB- which is desirable -RRB- , along with a tax on their domestic consumption -LRB- which is incidental and undesirable -RRB- .
Indeed , China 's current-account imbalance , which had remained moderate until the current decade , began its inexorable rise in 2001 -- precisely when the country joined the WTO .
No one knows where the 8 % figure really comes from , and many experts believe that China 's society and polity are capable of handling much lower growth .
But , even if political implications are put aside , it would be a tragedy if the most potent poverty-reduction engine the world has ever known were to experience a notable slowdown .
The great advantage of industrial policies is that they enable growth-promoting structural change without generating trade surpluses .
Today , the country is a remarkable economic power : the world 's manufacturing workshop , its foremost financier , a leading investor across the globe from Africa to Latin America , and , increasingly , a major source of research and development .
There is not a single business anywhere in the world that has not felt China 's impact , either as a low-cost supplier , or more threateningly , as a formidable competitor .
This is unsustainable , and sooner or later it will precipitate a major confrontation with the US -LRB- and Europe -RRB- .
Accordingly , these reforms `` are going to prove inapplicable outside the US and so create difficulties of international coordination . ''
The IMF 's policy note makes clear that controls on cross-border financial flows can be not only desirable , but also effective .
Through deliberation councils , supplier development forums , investment advisory councils , sectoral round-tables , or private-public venture funds , collaboration aims to elicit information about investment opportunities and bottlenecks .
To guard against abuse and capture , industrial policy needs be carried out in a transparent and accountable manner , and its processes must be open to new entrants as well as incumbents .
Deep down , the crisis is yet another manifestation of what I call `` the political trilemma of the world economy '' : economic globalization , political democracy , and the nation-state are mutually irreconcilable .
The French and German governments have grudgingly come up with a major loan package , but only after considerable delay and with the IMF standing at their side .
The best that can be said is that Europe will no longer be able to delay making the choice that the Greek affair has laid bare . If you are an optimist , you might even conclude that Europe will therefore ultimately emerge stronger .
A shrinking economy makes private and public debt look less sustainable , which does nothing for market confidence .
Short of dropping out of the eurozone , the only real option available to Greece , Spain , and the others to boost competitiveness is to engineer a one-time across-the-board reduction in nominal wages and prices for utilities and services .
This is a difficult task under the most favorable circumstances .
Today , they worry about spineless governments unable to take the tough actions needed to deal with the crisis .
As long as they make money they do not care if they have to eat their words . They simply want whatever `` works '' -- whatever will produce a stable , healthy economic environment conducive to debt repayment .
In doing so , they have denied themselves economically desirable policies that have greater chance of garnering popular support .
And they produce more equitable societies .
Their economic potency , when it exists , rests on the strength of individual leaders , or on favorable but temporary circumstances .
The country will descend deeper into authoritarianism , political divisions will become irreconcilable , and yet another political rupture may become inevitable .
There are many reasons why such optimism is not unreasonable .
Worse still , labor has been displaced from more productive tradable activities -LRB- in manufacturing -RRB- to less productive informal activities -LRB- services -RRB- .
Because Asian governments have tended to support their modern , tradable sectors to a greater extent , most Asian countries have managed to avoid this malady , and have done much better as a result .
Will a world economy in which developing countries have substantially greater weight foster the kind of global governance that sustains a hospitable economic environment ?
The global institutions of our day -- the International Monetary Fund , the World Bank , and the World Trade Organization -- are still largely the creation of American leadership at the end of World War II -LRB- though they have obviously undergone considerable change since then -RRB- .
Lest we be too harsh on developing countries , however , let us also remember that political scientists have long worried that greater diffusion of economic power would produce a less stable world economy .
These oddities are perhaps to be expected for an institution that is being forced to backtrack from a position that has become analytically and empirically untenable .
Thinking the Unthinkable in Europe
The European Union has taught us valuable lessons over the last few decades : first , that financial integration requires eliminating volatility among national currencies ; next , that eradicating exchange-rate risk requires doing away with national currencies altogether ; and now , that monetary union is impossible , among democracies , without political union .
For the moment , the eurozone may well have reached the point where an amicable divorce is a better option than years of economic decline and political acrimony .
Some would point to Oman or Singapore as examples of authoritarian regimes that are durable in the face of rapid economic change .
This conclusion might seem to fly in the face of the experience of countries like Argentina , Brazil , and Chile , where many firms in the modern parts of the economy -LRB- including non-traditional agriculture -RRB- have experienced undeniable growth .
Competitive currencies promote and protect modern tradable industries that employ a substantial share of the labor force .
He is an interesting fellow , my colleague said , with a doctorate from the London School of Economics and Political Science -LRB- LSE -RRB- ; I would enjoy talking to him , and I might be able to help his thinking on economic matters .
The big question for the world economy is whether advanced countries in economic distress will be able to make room for faster-growing developing countries , whose performance will largely depend on making inroads in manufacturing and service industries in which rich countries have been traditionally dominant .
Considerable social conflict could become unavoidable , threatening political support for economic openness .
Ultimately , greater convergence in the post-crisis global economy appears inevitable .
The hope that Turkey is finally shedding its authoritarian vestiges and becoming a stable democracy will lie in tatters .
Desirable government policy consists of a carrots and stick : encouraging investment and entrepreneurship in the modern sector ex ante , but , equally important , rationalizing production and driving out poor performers ex post .
Institutional arrangements also have large elements of specificity . Discovering which institutions are suitable to local conditions requires experimentation .
Manufacturing , on the other hand , can absorb large numbers of workers with moderate skills , providing them with stable jobs and good benefits .
For developing countries , expanding manufacturing industries enables not only improved resource allocation , but also dynamic gains over time .
Unfortunately , US and European politicians have failed to show similar imagination when it comes to fiscal policy . By implementing new mechanisms to render the future path of fiscal balances and public debt more predictable , they could have averted the worst of the crisis .
So an independent fiscal authority modeled along the lines of an independent central bank is neither feasible nor desirable .
If Germans are unable to stomach the idea of sharing a political community with Greeks , they might as well accept that economic union is as good as dead .
Milton Friedman 's Magical Thinking CAMBRIDGE -- Next year will mark the 100th anniversary of Milton Friedman 's birth . Friedman was one of the twentieth century 's leading economists , a Nobel Prize winner who made notable contributions to monetary policy and consumption theory .
Pure lemon juice is barely drinkable .
A chaotic eurozone breakup would cause irreparable damage to the European integration project , the central pillar of Europe 's political stability since World War II .
They have stuck for far too long to an intermediate path that is unstable and beset by tensions .
By holding on to a vision of Europe that has proven unviable , Europe 's centrist elites are endangering the idea of a unified Europe itself .
Economically , the least bad option is to ensure that the inevitable defaults and departures from the eurozone are carried out in as orderly and coordinated a fashion as possible .
Just as healthy domestic economies are the best guarantor of an open world economy , healthy domestic polities are the best guarantor of a stable international order .
However , even under the most favorable assumptions , the magnitude of the benefits was small -- both in economic terms and in proportion to the amount of time and energy that Mozambique 's government spent on the issue , at the expense of other pressing problems .
Finally , policy reforms that are imposed by multilateral lenders are rarely conducive to desirable outcomes .
They do not control the main costs that shareholders face when they do not manage the company themselves , such as unprofitable expansion , shirking , retention of free cash flow , and empire building .
Faced with a no-fire rule , shareholders have reason to be very cautious : if expansion is not profitable , they can not reduce labor costs .
Similarly , where shareholder interests do not come first , say , in a corporatist system , dominant owners have greater reason to keep financial information private , lest labor use it to press for more favorable terms .
Managers in such `` left '' societies are no less technically capable , but their organizational constraints , incentives , and goals are less pro-shareholder .
More fundamentally , creating the regulatory institutions conducive to ownership separation may be impossible unless a society 's political orientation towards labor and capital is more favorable to capital .
In a stable political environment , informal mechanisms -- such as reputations for reliability , trade associations , and stock exchanges -- can develop and facilitate financial dealings .
Even if all of the rules for finance are right , few will part with their money if they fear that an unfavorable regime change might occur during the lifetime of their investment .
Financial markets will more likely flourish , and more rapid and equitable development will more likely follow .
Each alone legitimately transfers risk to those better able to bear it , or backs financial holdings .
Nevertheless , the directors ' lobbying organizations -- such as the Business Roundtable and the Chamber of Commerce -LRB- and their lawyers -RRB- -- attacked the SEC 's initiative .
But there is considerable evidence that when managers are at odds with shareholders , managerial discretion in American firms is excessive and weakens companies .
Some were unable ; others were unwilling .
Indebted farmers physically disabled the repayment machinery in many states , most famously in Shay 's Rebellion in Massachusetts .
George Washington bemoaned that America was not a `` respectable country . ''
The Constitution would create a new national government that could coin stable money , borrow , and repay debts , including the states ' defaulted Revolutionary War borrowings .
Yet , it was no accident that two military men were key to making the US a `` respectable nation '' in financial terms .
Yes , clearinghouses offer many benefits , including greater transparency , better pricing , and better regulatory focus , and we should try to make them viable .
There are huge resources of fresh water , but most is in ice sheets and glaciers , with only a small percentage readily available where and when we need it .
The supply of water is also highly variable across regions and within countries , with floods and droughts occurring at irregular times .
Of course , these constraints were at work over previous centuries , before Malthus and Ricardo articulated them , but homo sapiens was able to `` cheat '' by expanding our resource base -LRB- colonialism -RRB- to bring in cheaper resources and food ; by finding substitutes for scarce resources ; and by improving our technology so that the same amounts of land and resources could be used more efficiently .
Modern developments in desalination have brought the cost per unit of desalinated seawater to levels comparable to obtaining fresh water from natural sources -LRB- approximately US$ 0.05 per cubic meter -RRB- .
It was an ambitious plan , but it seemed doable -- until Hal started having problems with his baking business .
Indeed , it is this planning dialogue that does more than anything else to help stabilize the economy and restore a viable balance of payments .
It is not always an easy process , and reasonable people can and do disagree about the design of IMF-supported programs both before and after the fact .
Poor children do not have reasonable access to health care .
This is not the most likely scenario , but it is not unthinkable .
Fiscal prudence and stable inflation rates are cornerstones of today 's relatively healthy global economic environment .
Bush 's reaction is less predictable .
The simple fact is that even if US trade negotiator Susan Schwab had refused to make a single `` concession , '' and if Europe , Japan , and the big emerging markets had kept their best offers on the table , the US would still remain more open than all but a few small countries .
Unfortunately , such an outcome seems improbable now , especially since the US is unlikely to rejoin the talks anytime soon .
Brazil and Turkey , for example , have each instituted market-friendly policies that have made their economies more flexible and growth more durable .
Foreigners are either going to start earning much better returns in the US , pushing American debt levels into unsustainable territory , or else they will pull back and invest elsewhere .
Moreover , although US policy is making everyone else look good for now , things might not be so comfortable if the dollar collapse leads to skyrocketing interest rates and a sustained global slowdown .
That was the 1990 's . Today , many traders see formerly inept state giants as financial geniuses , capable of taming complex financial formulas and exploiting their superior size and trading information to squeeze the life out of currency and interest rate markets .
The venerable New York Times editorial page was apparently opposed to an energy tax until only recently , when the newspaper finally endorsed the idea .
Despite its enviable location next door to the rich and booming US , Mexico 's growth has ranged from poor to tepid since its economic crisis a decade ago .
But Mexico 's real obstacle is a political system unable to achieve any consensus on essential economic reforms .
Brazil , meanwhile , has exhibited commendable political and macroeconomic stability .
In today 's hyper-competitive global economy , there is no reliable `` third way '' for countries to avoid continued liberalization and market-oriented reforms .
In this context , the US 's inexplicable indifference towards the region is both naïve and dangerous .
The $ 200 Trillion Question Perhaps the most remarkable trend in global macroeconomics over the past two decades has been the stunning drop in the volatility of economic growth .
As output and consumption become more stable , investors do not demand as large a risk premium .
First and foremost , America 's government and consumers have been engaged in a never-ending consumption binge . On the consumer side , this is quite understandable .
Stable macroeconomic policies also need to be in place , while fixed exchange rates are to be avoided .
Will newly anointed World Bank President Robert Zoellick be able to get the organization back on its feet after the catastrophic failed presidency of Paul Wolfowitz ?
The biggest question mark , though , is whether Zoellick will be able to hit the ground running and implement desperately needed reforms .
Third , Zoellick should use his formidable negotiating skills to cajole rich countries into greatly increasing the grant component of World Bank aid .
The idea that a big government-guaranteed global bank is needed to fill holes in private capital markets is laughable nowadays .
True , the Bank 's poorest clients have little access to private capital markets . By and large , however , the poorest countries need grants , not loans that they still wo n't be able to pay in 20 years .
Will the inexorable rise in medical costs around the world someday pose a major challenge to contemporary capitalism ?
When medical expenses constituted only a small percentage of income , as was typically the case 50 years ago , an egalitarian approach to healthcare was a small extravagance . The direct and indirect costs were relatively minor and affordable .
Sophisticated X-ray diagnostic techniques such as CT scans make it possible to detect many cancers at a treatable stage .
Some drug researchers predict that with continuing advances in understanding the human genome , doctors may eventually be able to predict illnesses 15-20 years in advance , and begin prophylactic treatment immediately .
On the surface , Bernanke 's view seems intellectually unassailable .
Stock and housing prices may be volatile , but the data are much cleaner and timelier than anything available for output and inflation .
Though exchange rates are notoriously unpredictable , the best guess is that a slow unwinding of the massive US trade deficit will keep the dollar on a path of gradual long-term decline .
Yet , given clear inflationary pressures in countries like Saudi Arabia , Argentina , and Russia , and notable price spikes in China , the world just might have reached a moment when agreement can be reached .
In principle , such a depreciation against all of the world 's currencies is manageable .
But will incoming IMF Managing Director Dominique Strauss-Kahn be able to exercise this new power quickly enough to avert a crisis ?
D'Estaing was incensed that the US seemed to be able to flood the world with dollar currency and debt without ever seeming to pay a price in terms of higher inflation or interest rates .
Professor Maury Obstfeld of the University of California at Berkeley and I have been warning for some time that without pro-active policy adjustments , the dollar is vulnerable to a sharp collapse , with many attendant risks .
Indeed , the sub-prime crisis has made the European financial system look just as vulnerable as that of the US .
Or will their growing strength serve to make globalization more sustainable by fostering great equality and fairness ?
Some of the issues that unions are promoting , such as human rights and environmental quality , are unassailable .
When they try to connect these issues with trade , however , their motives become questionable .
For years , foreign governments complained about American hedge funds , arguing that their non-transparent behavior posed unacceptable risks to stability .
If the G-8 leaders are serious about helping poor countries , finding a reliable way to support grant aid and promote accountability for donors and recipients , not debt relief , is the place to start .
It might not be comfortable , but it would be educational .
Of course , curious as they might be , central bankers could decide that meeting in Harare would be too inconvenient and politically unpalatable .
The problem is that after so many years of miserable returns on dollar assets , will global investors really be willing to absorb another trillion dollars in US debt at anything near current interest rates and exchange rates ?
At the same time , the ECB has gained considerable credibility from its handling of the global credit crisis .
Indeed , if the euro zone can persuade Great Britain to become a full-fledged member , thereby acquiring one of the world 's two premier financial centers -LRB- London -RRB- , the euro might really start to look like a viable alternative to the dollar .
The commodity price problem has snuck up on us , despite notable institutional reforms in macroeconomic policymaking all over the world .
For governments , the key to success in regulating financial markets lies in maintaining reasonable constraints during boom times that prevent taxpayer funds from being put excessively at risk .
The sub-prime mortgage loan problem triggered a drop in some financial institutions ' key lines of business , particularly their opaque but extremely profitable derivatives businesses . Some shrinkage of the industry is inevitable .
The idea is that the US government would serve as buyer of last resort for the junk debt that the private sector has not been able to price .
Otherwise , their firms would have been able to tap the trillions of dollars now sitting on the sidelines , held by sovereign wealth funds , private equity groups , hedge funds , and others .
Little wonder that academics across the political spectrum have expressed considerable skepticism .
Suddenly , the Fund has moved to center stage as the only agency seemingly capable of stemming the vicious downward spiral that is currently seizing emerging-market stocks and bonds .
But China 's rulers know that their highly repressed banking system is vulnerable as the country continues to pursue gradual financial liberalization , and that foreign currency reserves may be needed for recapitalization .
A growing number of savvy business people are also starting to wonder whether the United States will be able to right its economy anytime soon .
With its financial system on life support , housing prices continuing to plummet , and unemployment rising , the US economy is looking more vulnerable than it has at any time since the 1970 's , and perhaps since World War II .
But today 's social , economic , and political systems -- at least in developed countries -- are unable to withstand a peacetime decline in output of 15-20 % within a short period .
Massive stimulus and intervention -- the US Federal Reserve 's current stance -- is unavoidable .
Even once-invulnerable China must contemplate a halving of its growth rate .
It would be preferable for China to find a way to substitute Chinese for US private consumption demand , but the system seems unable to move quickly in this direction .
So a shift to greater domestic consumption was inevitable anyway . The global recession has simply brought that problem forward a few years .
Italy , for example with a debt-to-income ratio already exceeding 100 % , has been able to manage so far thanks to falling global rates .
Many borrowers , unable to get funding on reasonable terms domestically , were forced to take hard-currency loans from abroad , creating disastrous burdens when the ruble collapsed .
Fear of crises is understandable , yet without these new , creative approaches to financing , Silicon Valley might never have been born .
But achieving these laudable goals will be expensive , coming on top of the giant budget deficits the US is running to counter the financial crisis .
But if the US-China trade and debt relationship merely picks up where it left off , what will prevent recurrence of the same unsustainable dynamic that we just witnessed ?
After all , huge US foreign borrowing was clearly a key factor in creating the recent financial mess , while China 's excessive reliance on export-driven growth has made it extraordinarily vulnerable to a sudden drop in global demand .
Both of these measures should help a lot in bringing the US and Chinese trade balances toward more sustainable levels .
Greater financial regulation in the US means consumers will not be able to borrow so easily to rack up huge mortgage and credit card debt .
Outside Japan , Asia policymakers certainly do n't seem amenable to exchange-rate appreciation
It was not just Lehman Brothers . The entire financial system was totally unprepared to deal with the inevitable collapse of the housing and credit bubbles .
The current safety net approach may work in the short term but will ultimately lead to ballooning and unsustainable government debts , particularly in the US and Europe .
Most should be able to grow strongly , despite the challenging global environment .
Unchecked , large financial firms will be able to tap bond markets for decades to come at rates just above what the government pays , regardless of the inherent risk of their asset positions .
But it is hardly more improbable than many of the other massive bailouts we have seen around the world in the wake of the recent financial crisis .
What really upset investors , of course , was the realization that , yes , some day untenable debt guarantees will have to be withdrawn .
Qatar has had success in media with Al Jazzera , while Abu Dhabi has helped sponsor remarkable advances in artificial intelligence though its support of computer chess .
There is no way around the need for Dubai to restructure and prune its excesses before it can resume a more sustainable growth trajectory , though achieving this will take time .
Will there be contagion to vulnerable countries in Europe and elsewhere ?
It gets worse . Many commercially available computer programs can be set to mimic the styles of top grandmasters to an extent that is almost uncanny .
Sooner than that , artificial intelligence will transform higher learning , potentially making a world-class university education broadly affordable even in poor developing countries .
Others , such as Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou , see the country 's problems as difficult but manageable , and complain of interference from ill-intentioned foreign speculators .
A debt crisis is not inevitable .
It would be far preferable to balance tax increases with some reversal of runaway government spending .
Most Greeks are taking whatever action they can to avoid the government 's likely insatiable thirst for higher tax revenues , with wealthy individuals shifting money abroad and ordinary people migrating to the underground economy .
In the case of Argentina , a pair of massive IMF loans in 2000 and 2001 ultimately only delayed the inevitable harsh adjustment , and made the country 's ultimate default even more traumatic .
Until now , the government has been able to finance its vast debts locally , despite paying paltry interest rates even on longer-term borrowings .
Even at Japan 's world-beating export firms , reluctance to confront the ingrained interests of the old-boy network has made it difficult to prune less profitable product lines -- and the workers who make them .
Investors who have bet against Japan in the past have been badly burned , grossly underestimating the Japanese people 's remarkable flexibility and resilience .
Japan 's ability to trudge on in the face of huge adversity is admirable , but the risks of crisis ahead are surely greater than bond markets seem to recognize .
The question for the IMF in Europe is not whether it has a plan viable for getting in .
The Fund 's proposal has been greeted with predictable disdain and derision by the financial industry .
The parallels between the oil spill and the recent financial crisis are all too painful : the promise of innovation , unfathomable complexity , and lack of transparency -LRB- scientists estimate that we know only a very small fraction of what goes on at the oceans ' depths . -RRB- Wealthy and politically powerful lobbies put enormous pressure on even the most robust governance structures .
The problem is not just in emerging markets such as Indonesia , Mexico , and Brazil , where an ascendant left has failed to find a viable alternative to the much reviled `` Washington Consensus '' of economic liberalization .
In a remarkable coincidence of timing , Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder called for early elections in the hope of energizing reform .
You can tell Latin Americans or Africans that Asia 's unquenchable thirst for natural resources will keep pushing up the prices of their commodity and agricultural exports in perpetuity , turning wheat fields into gold mines . But all their politicians seem to want to worry about is protecting doomed domestic manufacturers against low-wage Asian competition .
If change is inevitable , we must make our economies more flexible and prepare to live with the consequences .
These craftsmen do n't want to be told that they should start retraining as tour guides to service the inevitable horde of middle-income Chinese tourists , as that country takes over high-end light manufacturing like tailoring .
With a long history of cataclysmic , often violent change , Chinese society is perhaps more adaptable than most .
Already stressed by extraordinarily high rates of unemployment , twenty-somethings are now awakening to the fact that their country 's growth model -- the one they are dreaming to be a part of -- is , in fact , completely unsustainable , whatever their political leaders tell them .
In principle , one can create a `` cap-and-trade '' system of quantitative restrictions that accomplishes much the same thing -- and this seems to be more palatable to politicians , who will jump through hoops to avoid using the word `` tax . ''
A carbon tax can help preserve the atmosphere while also discouraging some of the most exotic and risky energy-exploration activities by making them unprofitable .
Why might a carbon tax be viable now , when it never has been before ?
The point is that , when people can visualize a problem , they are far less able to discount or ignore it .
Modern-day record unemployment and extreme inequality may seem far less tolerable as young people realize that some of the most cherished `` free '' things in life -- palatable weather , clean air , and nice beaches , for example -- can not be taken for granted .
But , because productivity ultimately must be built on innovation , not just on ever more buildings and equipment , it was inevitable that returns on investment would turn south at some point .
But New Deal economic policies , by expanding the role of the state in an often chaotic and unpredictable fashion , probably also played a role in at least temporarily impeding productivity growth .
All in all , the G-20 's policy of aiming for gradual stabilization of growth in government debt , bringing it into line with national-income growth by 2016 , seems a reasonable approach to balancing short-term stimulus against longer-term financial risks , even at the cost of lingering unemployment .
Given the massive deleveraging of public - and private-sector debt that lies ahead , and my continuing cynicism about the US political and legal system 's capacity to facilitate workouts , two or three years of slightly elevated inflation strikes me as the best of many very bad options , and far preferable to deflation .
And if you are really worried about that , gold might indeed be the most reliable hedge .
Even so , the fact that very high inflation is possible does not make it probable , so one should be cautious in arguing that higher gold prices are being driven by inflation expectations .
So , yes , there are solid fundamentals that arguably support today 's higher gold price , although it is far more debatable whether and to what extent they will continue to support higher prices in the future .
Protectionist trade measures , perhaps in the form of a stiff US tariff on Chinese imports , would be profoundly self-destructive , even absent the inevitable retaliatory measures .
But that halcyon scenario looks increasingly improbable .
Europe 's debt problems should , in fact , still be quite manageable -- provided the requisite write-downs and debt restructurings are implemented .
Most post-mortems of the Latin American crisis suggest that all parties would have been far better served had they been able to agree on partial debt forgiveness much earlier .
But , even if exchange rates work in mysterious ways , their cushioning effect is undeniable .
The eurozone 's peripheral countries , including Greece , Portugal , Ireland , and Spain , found themselves pinned to the mast of the common currency , unable to gain competitiveness through exchange-rate depreciation .
Imagine the panic that would have ensued in a world where gold , storable commodities , and art were the only ways for investors to flee from the dollar .
For now , however , European policymakers seem to prefer to keep escalating the size of bridge loans to the periphery , not wanting to acknowledge that private markets will ultimately require a more durable and sustainable solution .
No risk factor is more dangerous for a currency than policymakers ' refusal to face fiscal realities ; until European officials do , the euro remains vulnerable .
Finally , currency chaos is the safest bet of all , with sharp and unpredictable swings in floating exchange rates around the world .
During the mid-2000 's , there was a brief window when some argued that currencies had become more stable as a corollary of the `` Great Moderation '' in macroeconomic activity .
Germany must worry not only about its own vulnerable citizens , but also about how to find the resources to bail out its southern neighbors in Europe .
Competition among countries for skilled individuals and profitable industries , in turn , constrains governments ' abilities to maintain high tax rates on the wealthy .
Yet , with inequality reaching levels similar to 100 years ago , the status quo has to be vulnerable .
Yet it would be very wrong to suppose that gaping inequality is stable as long as it arises through innovation and growth .
Personally , I suspect Madoff 's unenviable place in the record books will be secure for quite a while .
Still , with many of the world 's largest governments facing a lethal combination of unsustainable conventional debt , unprecedented old-age pension obligations , and a downshift in growth , one has to wonder what the fiscal plan is .
In principle , an independent fiscal council could have provided invaluable help during the financial crisis .
But the fact that the dollar has continued to slide while gold prices have continued to rise suggests considerable skepticism from markets .
But it can not wait too long , lest inflation expectations drift to a dangerously high level , forcing the Fed to move aggressively -- and at the cost of considerable economic pain -- to wring inflation out of the system .
Explaining the inevitable shift to tightening could prove a far greater challenge than explaining the exceptional accommodation of quantitative easing .
Precisely because so much emotion has been invested in QE , the psychological effects of returning to normalcy are going to be perilous and unpredictable .
So far , across a broad range of macroeconomic variables , including output , employment , debt , housing prices , and even equity , our quantitative benchmarks based on previous deep post-war financial crises have proved far more accurate than conventional recession logic .
Using slick PowerPoint presentations with titles like `` Default in Today 's Advanced Economies : Unnecessary , Undesirable , and Unlikely , '' the Fund tried to convince investors that eurozone debt was solid as a rock .
The IMF needs to bring much more of this brand of skepticism to its assessment of eurozone debt dynamics , instead of constantly seeking strained assumptions that would make the debt appear sustainable .
The emotional appeal of a tax on all financial transactions is undeniable .
The most generous interpretation is that the Commission simply does not believe economists ' estimates and analysis , and views an FTT as more workable than is commonly realized -LRB- a scenario that calls to mind the debate surrounding the creation of the euro -RRB- .
The new plan relies on a questionable mix of dubious financial-engineering gimmicks and vague promises of modest Asian funding .
I can think of one very good reason why the euro needs to fall , and six not-so-convincing reasons why it should remain stable or appreciate .
Absent a clear path to a much tighter fiscal and political union , which can lead only through constitutional change , the current halfway house of the euro system appears increasingly untenable .
Perhaps the transmission mechanism would be through US banks , many of which remain vulnerable , owing to thin capitalization and huge portfolios of mortgages booked far above their market value .
But , because the overall value of the euro has to be a balance of the eurozone 's north and south , one can argue that 1.4 is within a reasonable range .
But do n't count on a stable euro-dollar exchange rate -- much less an even stronger euro -- in the year ahead .
Political wisdom would demand that the two sides pool their considerable resources and march together whenever possible .
But rendering Europe 's political institutions accountable to citizens is only half the battle .
Instead , the opposition grew because of a return to its 1998 and 2001 levels of popular support -- around 40 % -- and because it was able to bring back into the fold some of the abstainers and undecided , including important popular factions .
Nevertheless , the refusal of Philippine courts to award damages beyond actual damages and nominal moral damages has made loss of life affordable to those who intend to be derelict in their contractual obligations .
To many of them , sea travel remains the only viable means of transportation .
`` We want the Middle East to be prosperous and stable , governed by political dialogue and diplomacy , '' Davutoglu said after a visit to Teheran . `` Iran 's contribution will be very important in bringing this about . ''
The European Commission spent the last three years trying to tighten the exchange rate criterion , which would make it an insurmountable obstacle for eurozone candidates .
The exchange rate criterion could be assessed later on the basis of a narrower band , as the European Commission proposes , although a limit of 6 % fluctuation on either side of the central parity seems more reasonable than 2.25 % .
Of course , most economists believe that fiscal rules are needed to prevent some countries from free riding on low interest rates and running up debt to what would otherwise be unsustainable levels .
Whether the doctrine 's authors really believe that NATO poses a threat to Russia is not clear , as the country has not had such peaceable neighbors on its Western borders for more than 300 years .
Nevertheless , in the short run , very aggressive monetary and fiscal policy actions -- both traditional and non-traditional -- must be undertaken to ensure that the inevitable stag-deflation of 2009 does not persist into 2010 and beyond .
So , while this latest bear-market rally may continue for a bit longer , renewed downward pressure on stocks and other risky assets is inevitable .
Eighth , some emerging-market economies with weaker economic fundamentals may not be able to avoid a severe financial crisis , despite massive IMF support .
Is it sustainable ?
While economic data suggests that improvement in fundamentals has occurred - the risk of a near depression has been reduced ; the prospects of the global recession bottoming out by year end are increasing ; and risk sentiment is improving - it is equally clear that other , less sustainable factors are also playing a role .
As a result , the household savings rate has risen from zero to 4 % of disposable income .
With the stock market rising while home prices are still falling , the wealthy are becoming richer , while the middle class and the poor -- whose main wealth is a home rather than equities -- are becoming poorer and being saddled with an unsustainable debt burden .
Finally , sovereign risk is rising -- consider the troubles faced by investors in Dubai , Greece , and other emerging markets and advanced economies . This has revived concerns that governments may be unable to backstop a too-big-to-save financial system .
Indeed , history suggests that severe recession and socialization of private losses often lead to an unsustainable build-up of public debt .
Loan guarantees from Germany and\/or the EU are less desirable than an IMF program , as it is very hard to design and credibly implement conditionality in such guarantees .
Fiscal adjustment and structural reform without financing is more fragile and liable to fail without a war chest of liquidity to prevent a run on public debt while the appropriate policies are implemented and gradually gain credibility .
In countries that can not issue debt in their own currency -LRB- traditionally emerging-market economies -RRB- , or that issue debt in their own currency but can not independently print money -LRB- as in the euro zone -RRB- , unsustainable fiscal deficits often lead to a credit crisis , a sovereign default , or other coercive form of public-debt restructuring .
Eventually they may take aim at other countries -- even Japan and the United States -- where fiscal policy is on an unsustainable path .
The dilemma is that , whereas fiscal consolidation is necessary to prevent an unsustainable increase in the spread on sovereign bonds , the short-run effects of raising taxes and cutting government spending tend to be contractionary .
Eventually , this can lead to default on euro-zone members ' public and foreign debt , as well as exit from the monetary union by fragile economies unable to adjust and reform fast enough .
But if a country is effectively insolvent rather than just illiquid , such `` bailouts '' can not prevent eventual default and devaluation -LRB- or exit from a monetary union -RRB- because the international lender of last resort eventually will stop financing an unsustainable debt dynamic , as occurred Argentina -LRB- and in Russia in 1998 -RRB- .
Unsustainable private-debt problems must be resolved by defaults , debt reductions , and conversion of debt into equity .
So , despite revulsion on the part of Germany and the European Central Bank at the idea of a `` bailout , '' Greece needs large official financial support this year at rates that are not unsustainable to prevent its current illiquidity from devolving immediately into insolvency .
The magic trifecta of sustainable debt and deficit ratios , a real depreciation , and restoration of growth looks unlikely to be achievable even with official financial support .
Reform without money on the table does not work , as nervous and trigger-happy investors would rather pull their money out if the country lacks the foreign-currency reserves needed to prevent the equivalent of a bank run on its short-term liabilities .
So , after a totally flawed plan that would have given money to Greece too late -- only when the country risked a refinancing crisis -- and at market rates that would make its debt unsustainable , the EU regained its senses and designed a new scheme that is closer to typical IMF conditionality : tranched support with some early front-loaded support and a semi-concessional interest rate .
For now , the official community has decided to stick with Plan A ; if that fails , Plan B is default to reduce unsustainable debts and a Greek exit from the eurozone to allow depreciation and restoration of competitiveness and growth .
Return to the Abyss NEW YORK -- One interpretation of financial crises is that they are , in Nassim Taleb 's phrase , `` black swan '' events -- unplanned and unpredictable occurrences that change the course of history .
But , in my new book on financial crises , Crisis Economics -- which covers not only the recent crisis , but also dozens of others throughout history and across both advanced economies and emerging markets -- I show that financial crises are , instead , predictable `` white swan '' events .
What is happening now -- the second stage of the global financial crisis -- was no less predictable .
Crises are the inevitable result of a build-up of macroeconomic , financial , and policy risks and vulnerabilities : assets bubbles , excessive risk-taking and leverage , credit booms , loose money , lack of proper supervision and regulation of the financial system , greed , and risky investments by banks and other financial institutions .
Fifth , in countries where private-sector deleveraging is very rapid via a fall in private consumption and private investment , the fiscal stimulus should be maintained and extended , as long as financial markets do not perceive those deficits as unsustainable .
Seventh , in countries where private and public debt levels are unsustainable -- household debt in countries where the housing boom has gone bust and debts of governments , like Greece 's , that suffer from insolvency rather than just illiquidity -- liabilities should be restructured and reduced to prevent a severe debt deflation and contraction of spending .
Japan also suffers from low potential growth , owing to a lack of structural reforms and weak and ineffective governments -LRB- four prime ministers in four years -RRB- , a large stock of public debt , unfavorable demographic trends , and a strong yen that gets stronger during bouts of global risk aversion .
And any additional shock could tip this unstable global economy back into full-fledged recession .
The old model of private partnerships -- in which partners had an incentive to monitor each other to avoid reckless investments -- gave way to one of public companies aggressively competing with each other and with commercial banks to achieve ever-rising profitability , which was achievable only with reckless levels of leverage .
This is why Greece is insolvent and a coercive restructuring of its public debt is inevitable .
Given that he will face a serious challenge from the Socialist Party candidate -- most likely the formidable Dominique Strauss-Kahn -- in the 2012 presidential election , Sarkozy is likely to postpone serious fiscal austerity and launch only cosmetic structural reforms .
But Leterme seems unable to keep his own country together , let alone unite Europe .
The Global Economy 's Inevitable Hard Landing
The Global Economy 's Inevitable Hard Landing In recent weeks , the global liquidity and credit crunch that started last August has become more severe .
The build-up of real and financial problems -- the worst US housing recession ever , oil at $ 90 a barrel or above , a severe credit crunch , falling investment by the corporate sector , and savings-less and debt-burdened consumers buffeted by multiple negative shocks -- make a recession unavoidable .
Likewise , the European Central Bank 's decision not to cut rates -- deluding itself that it may be able to raise them once the allegedly `` temporary '' credit crunch is gone -- is mistaken .
So a US hard landing and global slowdown is unavoidable .
A higher exchange rate would reduce their current-account surpluses , because they are unable or unwilling to reduce their savings and sustain growth through higher spending on domestic consumption .
Sterilized intervention usually does n't work : if assets in advanced economies and emerging markets remain perfectly substitutable , inflows will continue as long as interest-rate differentials persist .
But the demand for emerging-market assets is neither infinite nor perfectly substitutable for the assets of advanced economies -- even for given interest-rate differentials -- because these assets have very different liquidity and credit risks .
In an ideal world , where policymakers could credibly commit to medium - to long-term fiscal adjustment , the optimal and desirable path would be to commit today to a schedule of spending reductions and tax increases , phased in gradually over the next decade as the economy recovers .
And Germany should cut taxes temporarily -- rather than raising taxes , as planned -- in order to increase disposable income and stimulate German demand for the periphery 's goods and services .
The muddle-through scenario -- with financing provided to member states in distress -LRB- conditional on fiscal adjustment and structural reforms -RRB- , in the hope that they are illiquid but solvent -- is an unstable disequilibrium .
That way , formal haircuts on the face value of debt can be avoided via new bonds that include only a maturity extension and an interest-rate cap that is set below today 's unsustainable market rates .
Waiting to restructure unsustainable debts would only lead to disorderly workouts and severe haircuts for some private creditors .
Either the EU moves in the direction of a more stable equilibrium of closer integration , or the risk of an unstable and disorderly breakup scenario will rise significantly .
Moreover , further increases in oil , energy , and commodity prices could lead to negative terms of trade and a reduction in real disposable income in net commodity-importing countries , while adding to inflationary pressures in emerging markets .
The US corporate sector is strong and very profitable , owing to massive labor shedding , creating scope for increased capital spending and hiring to contribute to more robust and above-trend GDP growth in 2011 .
Chinese consumers do not have a greater propensity to save than Chinese in Hong Kong , Singapore , and Taiwan ; they all save about 30 % of disposable income .
Until the change of political leadership in 2012-2013 , China 's policymakers may be able to maintain high growth rates , but at a very high foreseeable cost .
NEW YORK -- The countries known collectively as the PIIGS -- Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece , and Spain -- are burdened with increasingly unsustainable levels of public and private debt . Several of the worst-hit -- Portugal , Ireland , and Greece -- have seen their borrowing costs soar to record highs in recent weeks , even after their loss of market access led to bailouts financed by the European Union and the International Monetary Fund .
For example , the time-honored solution of printing money and escaping debt via inflation is unavailable to the PIIGS , because they are trapped in the eurozone straitjacket .
The real depreciation necessary to restore external balance would drive the real value of euro debts even higher , making them even more unsustainable .
One can carry out an orderly rescheduling of the PIIGS ' public debts without actually reducing the principal amount owed . This means extending the maturity dates of debts and reducing the interest rate on the new debt to levels much lower than currently unsustainable market rates .
Lately , concerns about America 's unsustainable fiscal deficits have , likewise , resulted in ugly political infighting , almost leading to a government shutdown .
Global risk-aversion has also increased , as the option of further `` extend and pretend '' or `` delay and pray '' on Greece is becoming less desirable , and the specter of a disorderly workout is becoming more likely .
These include slow but persistent private and public-sector deleveraging ; rising oil prices ; weak job creation ; another downturn in the housing market ; severe fiscal problems at the state and local level ; and an unsustainable deficit and debt burden at the federal level .
And , unlike in 2007-2010 , when every negative shock and market downturn was countered by more policy action by governments , this time around policymakers are running out of ammunition , and thus may be unable to trigger more asset reflation and jump-start the real economy .
Public debt is already high , and many sovereigns are near distress , so governments ' ability to backstop their banks via more bailouts , guarantees , and ring-fencing of questionable assets is severely constrained .
With a worsening recession , many LBOs that were loaded with too much debt and not enough equity will fail as firms with lower profits or higher losses become unable to service their loans .
The answer is to emulate the response to sovereign-debt crises in Uruguay , Pakistan , Ukraine , and many other emerging-market economies , where orderly exchange of old debt for new debt had three features : an identical face value -LRB- so-called `` par '' bonds -RRB- ; a long maturity -LRB- 20-30 years -RRB- ; and interest set well below the currently unsustainable market rates -- and close to or below the original coupon .
The advantage of a par bond is that Greece 's creditors -- banks , insurance companies , and pension funds -- would be able and allowed to continue valuing their Greek bonds at 100 cents on the euro , thereby avoiding massive losses on their balance sheets .
Consider Uruguay , whose rating was downgraded to `` selective default '' for two weeks while the exchange was occurring , and then was upgraded -LRB- though not to investment grade -RRB- when , thanks to the exchange 's success , its public debt became more sustainable .
The eurozone 's current muddle-through approach is an unstable disequilibrium : kicking the can down the road , and throwing good money after bad , will not work .
The status quo is no longer sustainable .
Another round of bank bailouts is politically unacceptable and economically unfeasible : most governments , especially in Europe , are so distressed that bailouts are unaffordable ; indeed , their sovereign risk is actually fueling concern about the health of Europe 's banks , which hold most of the increasingly shaky government paper .
Over time , advanced economies will need to invest in human capital , skills and social safety nets to increase productivity and enable workers to compete , be flexible and thrive in a globalized economy .
So , if countries in the eurozone 's periphery are forced to undertake fiscal austerity , countries able to provide short-term stimulus should do so and postpone their own austerity efforts .
Fifth , debt burdens that can not be eased by growth , savings , or inflation must be rendered sustainable through orderly debt restructuring , debt reduction , and conversion of debt into equity . This needs to be carried out for insolvent governments , households , and financial institutions alike .
There are three options for restoring competitiveness within the eurozone , all requiring a real depreciation -- and none of which is viable :
· A five-year cumulative 30 % deflation in prices and wages -- in Greece , for example -- which would mean five years of deepening and socially unacceptable depression ; even if feasible , this amount of deflation would exacerbate insolvency , given a 30 % increase in the real value of debt .
Instead , the advanced economies need a medium-term plan to restore competitiveness and jobs via massive new investments in high-quality education , job training and human-capital improvements , infrastructure , and alternative\/renewable energy .
In both cases , debt levels eventually became unsustainable .
The resulting build-up of private and public debt in over-spending countries became unmanageable when housing bubbles burst -LRB- Ireland and Spain -RRB- and current-account deficits , fiscal gaps , or both became unsustainable throughout the eurozone 's periphery .
But even if prices and wages were to fall by 30 % over the next few years -LRB- which would most likely be socially and politically unsustainable -RRB- , the real value of debt would increase sharply , worsening the insolvency of governments and private debtors .
In short , the eurozone 's periphery is now subject to the paradox of thrift : increasing savings too much , too fast leads to renewed recession and makes debts even more unsustainable .
This would enable them to revive economic growth and competitiveness through a depreciation of new national currencies .
Unless the eurozone moves toward greater economic , fiscal , and political integration -LRB- on a path consistent with short-term restoration of growth , competitiveness , and debt sustainability , which are needed to resolve unsustainable debt and reduce chronic fiscal and external deficits -RRB- , recessionary deflation will certainly lead to a disorderly break-up .
But if the US recession is long and severe , the result could be outright recession in some countries -LRB- the United Kingdom , Spain , Ireland , Italy , and Japan -RRB- , and even financial crises in vulnerable emerging-market economies .
China and Asia are particularly vulnerable , given their trade links to the US .
If any institution -LRB- including the Supreme Court -RRB- exercises unfettered , unaccountable power , the erosion of civil liberties , and the spread of day-to-day injustices , fascism will not be far behind .
But it 's futile to blame politicians and demand from them a morality of which they are incapable .
Our fascists did n't create today 's grievances . Every strategy for real social change and greater social justice - land reform , education , public health , equitable distribution of natural resources - was cunningly scuttled by those castes and people with a stranglehold on politics . Fascist Hindus seized upon these grievances , mobilizing people by using the lowest common denominator - religion .
If we do not , we ordinary Indians will find ourselves -- like the ordinary citizens of Hitler 's Germany - unable to look our children in the eye because of our shame of what we allowed to happen .
A Dutch analysis of land use has shown that by employing the best technical and ecological means on the best available land , substantial gains could be made in food production .
In the EU as a whole , a policy directed toward research programs stimulating scientific excellence and greater coherence in the European knowledge system would greatly strengthen agriculture 's competitiveness and contribute to food security and sustainable development .
Unfortunately , the discussion between countries on trade nowadays is very much a dialogue of the deaf , with countries spouting platitudes at one another , but no enforceable and verifiable commitments agreed upon .
Appointing an Iraqi tribunal capable of generating some form of legal accountability for Saddam and his henchmen -- an idea that is gaining ground among Bremer 's staff , at least for Saddam Hussein if he is captured alive -- is unrealistic .
Indeed , inaction in Iraq will not only postpone the inevitable reckoning with the past ; it may prolong the past , as unfulfilled demands for justice fuel frustration , resentment , and support for extremist leaders and authoritarian solutions .
If the necessary institutions remain unavailable , then at the least an investigative commission should be created to establish an evidentiary record while this is still possible .
These implicitly authorize prosecution of those responsible for a `` joint criminal enterprise , '' thus linking liability for criminal behavior such as deportations and removals to other foreseeable atrocities .
The ICTY 's first chief prosecutor , Richard Goldstone , called for condemnation of ethnic persecution in order to enable all sides to transcend identity politics and move towards a more liberal political order .
If the fate of Kosovo -- and the entire Balkan region -- is to be guided by the global rule of law , these questions need to be answered , not swept under the table .
Making the police and the security services accountable can be a particularly tall order in the early years of a new and often fragile democratic regime .
After all , lending and aid to Egypt by the US and other Western powers have long been entangled with geopolitics , and using the tools of finance to back a loyal ally in an unstable region is not odious or illegitimate per se .
Its mandate should be not only to allocate responsibility for past decisions , but also to forge recommendations for transparent , accountable borrowing in the future .
But this latest intervention exemplifies the doctrine that he set out in his Nobel acceptance speech in 2009 . `` Those regimes that break the rules must be held accountable , '' and so should their leaders , who are `` sworn to protect and defend . ''
Given America 's reluctance to join the ICC -LRB- or to bring its own torturers to justice in US courts -RRB- , such a role would be vulnerable to both international and domestic political attack .
Turkey : The New Indispensable Nation
At the start of the new decade , too , Turkey 's geopolitical position , rich historical heritage , cultural depth , well-educated young population , ever-strengthening democracy , growing economy , and constructive foreign policy make it an indispensable country in a world transformed by rapid globalization .
Turkey is thus capable of overcoming the dichotomies of East-West , Europe-Middle East , and North-South .
Turkey is following a constructive and inclusive policy for these regions , which are marked by remarkable models of cohabitation , science , arts , culture , and civilization .
And , of paramount importance , Turkey is making enormous efforts to help establish an independent and sustainable Palestinian state -- efforts that are appreciated by Turkey 's Western and Eastern friends alike .
We know that it is not possible to attain global peace unless we establish sustainable peace in the Middle East , which requires resolving the Palestinian question .
That is why we are following a proactive policy in multilateral institutions to facilitate an equitable sharing of our world 's resources .
Turkey will continue to work toward a just and equitable global order in 2011 and beyond . This is a responsibility emanating from our history , geography , and the universal values that we hold .
Having the army uproot Jewish settlements - with inevitable scenes of settlers resisting and being dragged off - will be a traumatic event for the country .
The plan also entails considerable strategic risks , which , probably more than the prospect of uprooted settlements , account for the large `` no '' by Likud members .
Will it be able to put together an effective governmental authority to rule the Gaza Strip , or will that area dissolve into bloody battles among Palestinian factions and a staging area for attacks into Israel that will bring reprisal raids ?
With no apparent successor , his departure from the scene will bring a massive and unpredictable shake-up in Palestinian politics .
The leaders that brought on failure and the groups that did not triumph become heroes for being able to claim that they courageously fought the enemy without being crushed .
Formal ceasefires or political solutions are inconceivable .
For its part , Israel will win an objective military and political victory but is not able to destroy Hezbollah for several reasons .
Their backing includes not only arms , but also financial subsidies that enable Hezbollah to buy popular support .
Alternatively , another international force may be able to accomplish more than its predecessors , which mostly waved at the terrorists as they passed .
The second attainable goal is to impose such a high price on Hezbollah as to be an effective deterrence in practice .
But , whereas Abbas appointed Salam Fayyad , a veteran economist who is respected in the West , as his new prime minister , he probably should have picked someone capable of being tough , organizing his forces , and fighting back .
As wildly different as the two cases are , Fatah resembles the French monarchy before the revolution , incapable of learning from experience or taking the steps needed to avoid its own downfall .
The party will be able to form a government by itself , but will lack the two-thirds majority needed to bring about some of the big changes that it seeks .
Still , the AKP can be satisfied that after five years in office its popular support has climbed , while the opposition has been shown to be incapable of challenging it seriously .
Unwilling to change or work together , and unable to devise ways of appealing to voters , these once-powerful groups simply disappeared , leaving the AKP largely in control of the conservative electoral base .
The fact that two-thirds of the voters supported parties that were long considered extremist and whose allegiance to democracy is questionable has shocked many Turks , including those who comprised most of the ruling elite in modern times .
The problem is that unless there is a viable opposition , the only check on the AKP will be its own conscience and a crackdown by the still secular-oriented armed forces .
He was equally indifferent to his people 's material welfare and anything particular about the design of a viable political and economic system .
Calling for the modernization of Islam by permitting clerics to reinterpret its laws in light of contemporary conditions is more acceptable .
In addition , many liberals , notably in Saudi Arabia , offer to work with the current regimes against the radical Islamist revolutionaries -- an understandable response , but one that strengthens the authoritarian status quo .
In the longer term , Netanyahu may again rise to the top in a post-Sharon era , if he is able to regain the center .
Everyone knew that Kadima would win and form a coalition with the moderate left Labor party , which managed a respectable second-place finish .
In his more popular articles , in his columns , and on the podium , his wit and the speed of his mind made him a formidable presence .
He was among the most talented of men , and the warmest , generous with his time and himself , available for students and friends whenever they needed him .
So the relationship is liable to go wrong at the worst possible time : when a hedge would be most useful , the asset you were relying on becomes a risk .
But not all investors are able to trade derivatives .
And in the period prior to the financial crisis , the yen depreciated against most currencies , as well as having lower interest rates , so borrowing in yen and investing in high-interest-rate currencies such as the Australian dollar or the Turkish lira was very profitable .
Our leaders continued to stand up to what many thought an unbeatable foe , and eventually the Soviet regime collapsed .
Our Atlantic Alliance has navigated through some choppy seas over the years , but we have always been able to resolve the toughest issues .
And they are able to act quickly with relatively few people , and with modest resources compared to the vast , expensive bureaucracies of democratic governments .
Soon after the devastating earthquake in Pakistan , a public affairs team was deployed with our sizable military forces in the disaster area .
During the Cold War , institutions such as Radio Free Europe proved to be valuable instruments .
We need to consider the possibility of new organizations and programs that can serve a similarly valuable role in the War on Terror .
And , indeed , within two years of taking power , Sadat expelled the Soviets from Egypt and began to build a friendship with the US that , despite challenges and periodic differences , has proven important and valuable ever since .
Coupled with a notable lack of transparency , this understandably concerns China 's neighbors .
Clearly , if the social market model is to expand eastward - thereby ensuring its viability within the whole Union - this is the only viable alternative .
As the well-known Oxford biologist Richard Dawkins notoriously remarked , `` Although atheism might have been logically tenable before Darwin , Darwin made it possible to be an intellectually fulfilled atheist . ''
It enables not only higher economic competitiveness , but also greater freedom , justice , and solidarity .
As a result , dedicated professionals like Fola have found their task insurmountable .
They must hold their public health leaders accountable for their actions and demand results .
Without a critical press , Latin America 's undeniable advances toward real democracy -- development of an informed , empowered citizenry and governments respectful of the legitimate boundaries of power -- will be endangered , even as formal electoral trappings become more routine .
Some governments practice an even more direct method of suborning favorable coverage .
Some officials even require journalists to sign contracts mandating favorable coverage of government activities .
The picture is not all grim , and , ironically , reporting on news manipulation has helped galvanize politicians in some countries to create better and more enforceable rules of the road .
Some reasonable estimates put the cost at around $ 1 billion for an Africa-wide fiber-optic network that could bring Internet connectivity and telephone service across the continent 's villages and cities .
There are simply too many real political forces on the ground in Iraq for America to manage , and these forces are increasingly demanding a timetable for US withdrawal , as are legions of Iraqis in the course of public protests and mosque worships .
Instead , these policies have left hundreds of millions of people even more desperately poor and hungry , and even more vulnerable to drought , pests , and soil depletion .
He has proven to be one of America 's least knowledgeable presidents when it comes to science -- and one of the most ready to turn science into a political issue .
Simply put , Bush 's record on science policy is miserable .
One option is a shift to non-carbon energy sources , such as renewable energy -LRB- solar and wind power -RRB- and nuclear energy .
An attentive national government would surely have realized that the Gulf region of the United States is more vulnerable to high-energy hurricanes .
The Bush administration 's negligence is especially shocking given the remarkable amount of scientific expertise that exists in the US .
As population rises , billions of people crowd into Earth 's vulnerable areas -- near coastlines battered by storms and rising sea levels , on mountainsides susceptible to landslides and earthquakes , or in water-stressed regions plagued by drought , famine , and disease .
All societies require an effective government that can provide vital and irreplaceable public services and infrastructure .
The best answer , both in theory and practice , is to find ways to hold governments accountable to the people that they serve .
Almost daily , the United States and Europe brandish threats to impose economic sanctions or cut off development assistance unless some vulnerable government accepts their political strictures .
The use of development aid as a political stick merely deepens the suffering of impoverished and unstable countries , without producing the political objectives sought by donors .
Hamas 's doctrines are indeed unacceptable for long-term peace , as even some Arab states , such as Egypt , have made clear .
But cutting aid is likely to increase turmoil rather than leading to an acceptable long-term compromise between Israel and Palestine .
Second , US and European threats to cut off aid or impose sanctions are in any case far too weak to accomplish much besides undermining already unstable and impoverished countries .
It is sheer fantasy to believe that the threat of an aid cutoff would enable the US and Europe to influence the course of Ethiopia 's complex internal politics .
Indeed , the track record of on-again-off-again aid is miserable .
The most reliable path to stable democracy is robust and equitable economic progress over an ample period of time .
As such , it must be reliable , predictable , and directed towards development needs in ways that can be monitored , measured , and evaluated .
If development aid can be directed to real needs , then it should be given to poor and unstable countries , knowing that it will save lives , improve economic performance , and thus also improve the long-term prospects for democracy and good governance .
In Latin America , democracy has similarly been incomplete , unstable , and often inaccessible to indigenous , African-American , and mixed populations .
Moreover , given the vast inequalities of power and wealth in Latin America , and with a large part of the population bereft of land and education , the region has long been vulnerable to populist politics and rebellions , with leaders promising quick gains for the dispossessed by seizing property from the elites .
While no regional experience is directly transferable , the Nordic countries have successfully combined social welfare with high income levels , solid economic growth , and macroeconomic stability .
But how replicable are the Nordic successes ?
Most notably , they are ethnically homogeneous , so that social divisions are more amenable to compromise .
The MDG 's are bold but achievable .
Just as with polio , the fight against hunger , disease , and lack of access to safe water and sanitation can be carried forward with practical and powerful technologies . Indeed , these technologies are so powerful that they can enable families currently trapped in poverty to escape it once and for all .
The root of the problem is that Africa 's farmers are too poor to obtain the basic modern inputs -- including high-yield seed varieties , fertilizers , and small-scale water management systems -- that could enable them to double or triple their output of food and cash crops .
The extremists have been able to block peace because any attack from one side has systematically provoked a violent counterattack from the other .
The pre-1967 boundaries are the inevitable focal point in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
Hamas refused to acknowledge a two-state solution except obliquely , and then under considerable pressure .
Israel will not be able to avoid territorial withdrawals to the 1967 borders by exercising its military might ; the US will not be able to ensure oil security through continued military occupation in the Middle East ; and terrorists will not be able to destroy Israel or foist their fundamentalist ideas by force on moderate societies .
Similarly , the claim that we are headed toward an inevitable clash of civilizations is sheer madness , propounded by people who think the worst of other groups but do n't really know them through personal contact or shared experience .
Indeed , there is excellent potential for low-cost solar power , zero-emitting coal-based technologies , and safe and reliable nuclear power .
We tap that solar power in many fundamental ways -- food production , wind power , hydroelectric power , solar heating , solar-thermal electricity , solar panels -- but the possibilities for greatly increased use of inexpensive , widely available , and environmentally friendly solar power are huge .
Coal , like solar energy , is widely available .
Nuclear power , both fission-based and fusion-based , is yet another possibility for vast , reliable , secure , and environmentally safe primary energy .
Here , too , there are technological obstacles , but they seem surmountable .
Annan inspired the world with his diplomacy and leadership on poverty reduction and human rights , but the war in Iraq divided the world and drew attention and financial resources away from crisis regions and critical long-term problems like climate change , disease control , sustainable energy , and access to water .
Most are less stable today than they were five years ago .
Rather than relying on sanctions and threats of force , the idea is to underpin long-term prosperity in today 's unstable regions .
But the deeper truth is that Darfur is unstable because it is home to an impoverished and fast-growing population without adequate supplies of water , food , health clinics , schools , and other basic services .
Those goals are achievable . The challenge is implementation .
Their lack of empathy is deplorable , but there are conceptual problems as well .
When such aid is made available quickly , former soldiers will return to their farms , and can establish a livelihood by the beginning of the first growing season following the end of hostilities .
Sanctions , threats , and peacekeepers are only short-term measures , whereas real progress there against extreme poverty is not only achievable , but also is something that the government and rebels can agree on .
The Earth Institute at Columbia University , which I direct , hosted a Global Roundtable of leading businesses , environmental groups , and other international organizations to reach a consensus to help inform the upcoming negotiations .
The Roundtable produced an important Statement of Principles and a longer overall statement that has been signed by many of the world 's largest businesses , including those based in the US , Europe , Canada , China , and India .
The signatories agreed to conserve biological diversity , by saving species and their habitats , and to use biological resources -LRB- e.g. , forests -RRB- in a sustainable manner .
On the other hand , financial incentives would probably succeed , because cutting down forest to create pastureland is not profitable enough to induce farmers to forego payments for protecting the land .
These measures are achievable by 2010 .
They are affordable , and in each case would ultimately deliver large net benefits .
All this would seem to be insurmountable if the basic economics were not clear .
We are not talking about unachievable financial goals . Indeed , the sum of money is minuscule .
It must be committed in clear terms over a period of several years , so that recipients can use it in a sensible and accountable manner .
These investments could be increased systematically during the period from now until 2015 , in order to enable these countries to achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
The plans are already on the table , or at least on the shelf , waiting for the G-8 funding to arrive .
And G-8 citizens must hold their governments accountable for what they have pledged but not delivered .
China 's rising power is , of course , based heavily on its remarkable economic success .
The ADB meeting took place in the Pudong District , Shanghai 's most remarkable development site .
Farmers might be able to increase their output , but it wo n't be able to reach the cities , and the cities wo n't be able to provide the countryside with inputs .
Ironically , of course , his stance became untenable when his own misdeeds came to light .
In response , Israel sealed Gaza 's borders , making life even more unbearable in a place wracked by violence , poverty , and despair .
For 40 years , since the Six-Day War of 1967 , there has been one realistic possibility for peace : Israel 's return to its pre-1967 borders , combined with viable economic conditions for a Palestinian state , including access to trade routes , water supplies , and other essential needs .
With small and mutually acceptable adjustments to those borders , these terms would enable peaceful co-existence of two states side by side .
Even when the US or Israel have tabled peace offers , such as at Camp David in 2000 , they have included convoluted ways to sustain the West Bank settlements and large settler populations , while denying an economically viable and contiguous Palestinian state .
The result was predictable , despite US and Israel expressions of shock at recent developments .
This is understandable , but it misses a basic point .
The only way to sustainable peace is through sustainable development .
Malaria can be brought under decisive control through bed nets , indoor spraying of insecticides , and making medicines freely available to poor people in malaria-prone villages .
Indeed , India is doing much more with its remarkable National Rural Health Mission -LRB- NRHM -RRB- , which is the single largest mobilization of public health measures in the world .
Another remarkable success in India is the safe home-care of newborn infants in the first few days of life .
Currently , an alarming number of newborns die because of infection , mothers ' failure to breastfeed during the first days , or other preventable causes .
In fact , the poor die of known and identifiable causes that are largely preventable and treatable at very low cost .
But poor countries are capable of establishing effective public health programs rapidly when they are helped .
One reason for the IPCC 's notable success has been the skilled guiding hand of the IPCC Chairman , Dr. R. K. Pachauri , who will accept the prize on the body 's behalf .
Finally , this year 's Nobel Peace Prize is a wake-up call to governments , starting with the United States , to get more serious about science and sustainable development .
Governments tend to be organized according to nineteenth - or twentieth-century topics such as diplomacy , defense , internal security , and finance , not twenty-first century challenges such as sustainable development .
They are mostly unable to harness advanced scientific knowledge to protect their citizens or participate in global negotiations on the challenges of climate , water , energy , biodiversity , and the like .
All of these problems can be solved only through long-term sustainable economic development .
Since 2001 the US has supported Pervez Musharraf in Pakistan with more than $ 10 billion in aid , and now faces an unstable regime that just barely survives .
Likewise , the unwillingness of major developing countries such as China and India to sign on to a plan also seems to be ending , though considerable work remains to craft a global agreement to which both rich and poor countries can agree .
The plan 's main point is to establish an Ad Hoc Working Group to reach a detailed global agreement by 2009 that will set `` measurable , reportable , and verifiable '' commitments to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions .
Such commitments are to be taken in the context of `` sustainable development , '' meaning that `` economic and social development and poverty reduction are global priorities . '' The plan also calls for knowledge transfer to enable poor countries to adopt environmentally sound technologies .
Such emissions can be eliminated by either shifting to renewable forms of energy or reducing the emissions from fossil fuels .
According to the best economic and engineering estimates , if each key economic sector develops and adopts environmentally sound technologies in the coming decades , the world will be able to reduce carbon emissions dramatically for less than 1 % of annual global income , thereby avoiding long-term damage that would cost far more .
And rich countries will be able to afford to help poor countries pay for the new , cleaner technologies .
We must ensure that all countries adopt a verifiable strategy for environmentally sound technology , and that rich countries fulfill the Bali Action Plan 's promise to provide `` financial and other incentives '' to enable poor countries to adopt the new technologies .
There is considerable and difficult work ahead , but the situation is better as a result of the deliberations in Bali .
She also sent an unmistakable signal to those who would steal votes : at worst , they might have to share a few cabinet positions with the opposition .
Only if both sides accept that there was no clear winner is it reasonable to call for power-sharing -LRB- or a new election -RRB- .
The report , like the Gates Foundation 's similar list of `` Grand Challenges '' in global health , highlights a new global priority : promoting advanced technologies for sustainable development .
Yet the technologies are not yet ready , and we ca n't simply wait for the market to deliver them , because they require complex changes in public policy to ensure that they are safe , reliable , and acceptable to the broad public .
This will be an exciting time to be a scientist or engineer facing the challenges of sustainable development .
The Roots of America 's Financial Crisis CAMBRIDGE -- The US Federal Reserve 's desperate attempts to keep America 's economy from sinking are remarkable for at least two reasons .
Perhaps the single most promising development in terms of energy efficiency is `` plug-in hybrid technology '' for automobiles , which may be able to triple the fuel efficiency of new automobiles within the next decade .
When peasants lack their own saving accounts and collateral , they are unable to borrow from banks to buy seeds , fertilizer , and irrigation .
The time has come to reestablish public financing systems that enable small farmers in the poorest countries , notably those farming on two hectares or less , to gain access to needed inputs of high-yield seeds , fertilizer , and small-scale irrigation .
That 's achievable if the World Bank , donor governments , and poor countries direct their attention to the urgent needs of the world 's poorest farmers .
Commodity prices are soaring worldwide , not only for headline items like food and energy , but for metals , arable land , fresh water , and other crucial inputs to growth , because increased demand is pushing up against limited global supplies .
Third , we have already used up many of the low-cost options that were once available .
Finally , our past technological triumphs did not actually conserve natural resources , but instead enabled humanity to mine and use these resources at a lower overall cost , thereby hastening their depletion .
Looking ahead , the world economy will need to introduce alternative technologies that conserve energy , water , and land , or that enable us to use new forms of renewable energy -LRB- such as solar and wind power -RRB- at much lower cost than today .
Poor farmers may lack the capital to invest in it , or may lack the incentive to do so if water is taken directly from publicly available sources or if the government is subsidizing its use .
But if the world cooperates on the research , development , demonstration , and diffusion of resource-saving technologies and renewable energy sources , we will be able to continue to achieve rapid economic progress .
The rich world should commit to financing a massive program of technology development -- renewable energy , fuel-efficient cars , and green buildings -- and to a program of technology transfer to developing countries .
This is obviously affordable , and is modest compared to military spending , but is far above the pittance that the G-8 actually brings to the table to solve these urgent challenges .
Instead , they should be given clear authority and responsibilities , and then held accountable for their performance .
The other G-8 leaders presumably can see that their own unpopularity at home is strongly related to high food and energy prices , and an increasingly unstable global climate and global economy , none of which they can address on their own .
To achieve these goals , the G-8 should set clear timetables for action , and transparent agreements on how to fund it .
Humanity 's only hope is that the vicious circle of extremism can be replaced by a shared global understanding of the massive challenges of climate change , food supplies , sustainable energy , water scarcity , and poverty .
In both cases , increases in asset values led US households to think that they had become vastly wealthier , tempting them into a massive increase in their borrowing and spending -- for houses , automobiles , and other consumer durables .
Fourth , and finally , the failure of Lehman Brothers and near failure of the insurance giant AIG , incited a financial panic , in which even healthy firms are unable to obtain short-term bank loans or sell short-term commercial paper .
Households are poorer as a result , and will cut back sharply on their spending , making a recession inevitable in the short run .
Iceland , which privatized and deregulated its banks a few years ago , now faces national bankruptcy , because its banks will not be able to pay off foreign creditors who lent heavily to them .
As for the US , the current undeniable pain for millions of people , which will grow next year as unemployment rises , is an opportunity to rethink the economic model adopted since President Ronald Reagan came to office in 1981 .
A Sustainable Recovery
A Sustainable Recovery NEW YORK -- The global recession now underway is the result not only of a financial panic , but also of more basic uncertainty about the future direction of the world economy .
Will they be able to put food on the table after this year 's terrifying rise in food prices ?
What kinds of power plants will be acceptable in the future ?
We need a global vision of sustainable recovery that includes leadership from China , India , Europe , Latin America , and , yes , even Africa , long marginalized from the world economy , but very much part of it now .
The adjustments needed amount to a sizeable deficit-to-balance swing of around $ 700 billion in the US current account , or nearly 5 % of US GNP .
Obama has emphasized the need for a `` green recovery , '' that is , one based on sustainable technologies , not merely on consumption spending .
Each should understand the basic directions of change that will be required at the national level and globally , and all nations must share in the deployment of new sustainable technologies and in the co-financing of global responsibilities , such as increased investments in African infrastructure .
These transfers enable and encourage those households to invest in their children 's health , nutrition , and schooling .
Australia put real money on the table for increased food production , along the lines that Spain is proposing .
And perhaps next year , the United States will rejoin the global effort with a new and remarkable force , led by a young president who has rightly told Americans and the world that `` Yes , we can . ''
The benefits of some donor help can be remarkable .
In addition to direct help for small farms , donors should provide more help for the research and development needed to identify new high-yielding seed varieties , especially to breed plants that can withstand temporary flooding , excess nitrogen , salty soils , crop pests , and other challenges to sustainable food production .
These pooled funds would enable farmers in poor countries to obtain the fertilizer , improved seed varieties , and small-scale irrigation equipment that they urgently need .
Poor countries would receive prompt and predictable financing for agricultural inputs from a single account , rather than from dozens of distinct and fragmented donors .
We need a breakthrough that is demonstrable , public , clear , and convincing , that can mobilize the public 's hearts and minds , and that can demonstrate success .
But if the world cooperates effectively , the decline in consumer demand can be offset by a valuable increase in investment spending to address the most critical needs on the planet : sustainable energy , safe water and sanitation , a reduction of pollution , improved public health , and increased food production for the poor .
One powerful way to boost the world economy and to help meet future needs is to increase spending on key infrastructure projects , mainly directed at transportation -LRB- roads , ports , rail , and mass transit -RRB- , sustainable energy -LRB- wind , solar , geothermal , carbon-capture and sequestration , and long-distance power transmission grids -RRB- , pollution control , and water and sanitation .
At the same time , impoverished countries have huge needs for infrastructure , especially roads , rail , renewable energy , water and sanitation , and for improved current delivery of vital life-saving services , including health care and support for food production .
The new financing would include direct loans from rich countries ' export-credit agencies to enable poor countries to borrow long term -LRB- for example , 40 years -RRB- to build roads , power grids , renewable energy generation , ports , fiber optic networks , and water and sanitation systems .
Higher investment and social spending in poor countries will stimulate the entire world economy , spur economic development , and promote environmental sustainability through investments in renewable energy , efficient water use , and sustainable agriculture .
Viewed in this way , an essential policy that developed and developing countries should pursue in overcoming the crisis is to build infrastructure suitable for the twenty-first century .
This includes an efficient electricity grid fed by renewable energy ; fiber and wireless networks that carry telephony and broadband Internet ; water , irrigation , and sewerage systems that efficiently use and recycle fresh water ; urban and inter-city public transit systems ; safer highways ; and networks of protected natural areas that conserve biodiversity and the habitats of threatened species .
More importantly , they are needed in the long term , because a world crowded with 6.8 billion people -LRB- and rising -RRB- simply can not sustain economic growth unless it adopts sustainable technologies that economize on scarce natural resources .
In practice , the global crisis means that sustainable investments are being curtailed rather than expanded in the developing world .
Whereas most of the `` stimulus '' legislation to date has been short-term and inward-looking , increased funding for sustainable infrastructure in poor countries would provide a powerful boost to rich-world economies .
Developed countries should agree to channel considerable savings to developing countries to finance the scale-up of sustainable investments .
Developed countries also fail to recognize that without much greater financing of sustainable infrastructure in the developing world -- especially sustainable power generation and transmission -- a global agreement on climate change later this year -LRB- or any time soon -RRB- will be impossible .
The rich world somehow expects poor countries to restrict their use of fossil fuels without any significant help in financing new and sustainable sources of energy .
In almost all of the rich-country proposals about targets , limits , commitments , and permits for greenhouse gases , there is hardly a word about helping poor countries to finance the transition to sustainable technologies .
In Senegal , for example , a world-leading pipe manufacturer , JM Eagle , donated more than 100 kilometers of piping to enable an impoverished community to join forces with the government water agency PEPAM to bring safe water to tens of thousands of people .
The overall project is so cost effective , replicable , and sustainable that JM Eagle and other corporate partners will now undertake similar efforts elsewhere in Africa .
Such a gathering would enable information-sharing , which could save lives and economies .
It would also underscore a basic truth : the common challenge of sustainable development should unify a world divided by income , religion , and geography .
US military spending is equally remarkable when viewed from an international perspective .
If so , the results could prove catastrophic , leading to a spreading war in an unstable country of 180 million people .
Before investing hundreds of billions of dollars more in failing military operations , the Obama administration should re-think its policy and lay out a viable strategy to US citizens and the world .
It 's high time for a strategy of peace through sustainable development -- including investments in health , education , livelihoods , water and sanitation , and irrigation -- in today 's hotspots , starting with Afghanistan and Pakistan .
According to a timetable agreed in December 2007 , we have six months to reach a global agreement on climate change in Copenhagen .
The answers depend , of course , on which low-emission technologies will be available , and on how fast they can be deployed .
The US will also have to decide on the renewal and expansion of its nuclear power plants , and on the use of public lands to build new renewable energy plants , especially using solar power .
And the US will need a new power grid to carry renewable energy from low-density population sites -- such as the southwestern deserts for solar power and the northern plains for wind power -- to the high-density populations of the coasts .
A true global brainstorming approach would first discuss the best technological and economic options available , and how to improve these options through targeted research and development and better economic incentives .
The negotiations would discuss the range of options open to each country and region -- from CCS to solar , wind , and nuclear power -- and would sketch a timetable for a new generation of low-emission automobiles , recognizing that market competition as well as public financing will set the actual pace .
We need to think hard , and collaboratively , about the world 's real technological options , and then pursue a common global framework that allows us to move into a new era , one based on feasible and sustainable technologies for energy , transport , industry , and buildings .
Farmers will be able to buy inputs , either out of their own cash , or by borrowing against their improved creditworthiness .
This approach is straightforward , efficient , accountable , and scientifically sound .
The question is whether they successfully boost output and jobs in the short term , and , if so , whether they do enough to compensate for the inevitable budget problems down the road .
When the crisis deepened a year ago , Barack Obama introduced into the presidential campaign the theme of a `` green recovery , '' based on a surge of investment in renewable energies , new electric vehicles , environmentally efficient `` green '' buildings , and ecologically sound agriculture .
But the resulting economic slack gives us the historic opportunity -- and need -- to compensate for low consumer spending with increased investment spending on sustainable technologies .
The rich world should also provide the poorest countries with grants and low-interest loans to buy sustainable energy technologies , such as solar and geothermal power .
The crisis can yet be an opportunity to turn from a path of financial bubbles and excessive consumption to a path of sustainable development .
There are enough good options available to suggest that the world can accomplish the goal of controlling climate change at a reasonable cost -LRB- perhaps 1 % of global income per year -RRB- while enabling the world economy to continue to grow and raise living standards .
The Toyota Prius , a hybrid-electric vehicle first introduced in Japan in 1997 , marked an initial breakthrough . By connecting a small generator and rechargeable battery to the braking system of a standard car , the hybrid augments the normal engine with a battery-powered motor .
Third , electric-powered vehicles will open up a new world of `` smart '' vehicles , in which sensor systems and vehicle-to-vehicle communications will enable collision protection , traffic routing , and remote management of the vehicle .
The new age of the electric vehicle exemplifies the powerful opportunities that we can grasp as we make our way from the unsustainable fossil-fuel age to a new age of sustainable technologies .
We need to rethink the climate challenge as an opportunity for global brainstorming and cooperation on a series of technological breakthroughs to achieve sustainable development .
India , long feared to be a spoiler , has said that it is ready to adopt a significant national action plan to move towards a trajectory of sustainable energy .
As a result , the US government now fails to provide adequately for basic public services such as modern infrastructure -LRB- fast rail , improved waste treatment , broadband -RRB- , renewable energy to fight climate change , decent schools , and health-care financing for those who can not afford it .
Obama so far seems unable to break this fiscal logjam . To win the 2008 election , he promised that he would not raise taxes on any household with income of less than $ 250,000 per year .
That no-tax pledge , and the public attitudes that led Obama to make it , block reasonable policies .
The US will have to raise taxes in order to pay for new spending initiatives , especially in the areas of sustainable energy , climate change , education , and relief for the poor .
More than one million people are exposed to hunger and disease and , with the rain and hurricane seasons approaching , are vulnerable to further hazards .
The world 's emergency-response systems -- especially for impoverished countries in zones that are vulnerable to earthquakes , volcanoes , droughts , hurricanes , and floods -- needs upgrading .
This will enable hundreds of thousands of displaced people to return to their village communities and live from farming .
We are witnessing a predictable process by ideologues and right-wing think tanks and publications to discredit the scientific process .
Such initiatives are another dramatic example of a basic truth of our time : extreme poverty , illiteracy , and death from preventable diseases are anachronistic scourges when we have the technologies and global goodwill to end them .
The Unaccountable G-8
If Africa had another $ 15 - $ 20 billion per year in development aid in 2010 , as promised , with the amounts rising over future years -LRB- also as promised -RRB- , millions of children would be spared an agonizing death from preventable diseases , and tens of millions of children would be able to get an education .
The general public naturally has a hard time grappling with this complexity and uncertainty , especially since the changes in climate are occurring over a timetable of decades and centuries , rather than months and years .
Major oil companies and other big corporate interests also are playing this game , and have financed disreputable public-relations campaigns against climate science .
I came to Bhutan after hearing an inspiring speech by Prime Minister Jigme Thinley at the 2010 Delhi Summit on Sustainable Development .
The question of how to guide an economy to produce sustainable happiness -- combining material well-being with human health , environmental conservation , and psychological and cultural resiliency -- is one that needs addressing everywhere .
It will be able to increase exports of clean , run-of-the-river hydropower to India , thereby earning foreign exchange in a manner that is sustainable and that can fill government coffers to fund education , health care , and infrastructure .
America will remain a rich society for a long time to come , but one that is increasingly divided and unstable .
America is vulnerable to social breakdown because it is a highly diverse society .
Both examples show that Europe , like the US , is vulnerable to the politics of division , as our societies become more ethnically diverse .
NEW YORK -- The Seoul G-20 summit was notable for the increasing political weight of the emerging economies .
South Korea called on the G-20 's members to focus on challenges such as meeting the United Nations ' Millennium Development Goals , raising agricultural production , and building sustainable infrastructure in developing economies .
The US budget deficit is enormous and unsustainable .
America 's Ungovernable Budget
Acknowledging that recent fiscal policies had put the US on an unsustainable trajectory of rising public debt , Obama said that moving towards budget balance was now essential for fiscal stability .
America 's fiscal reality was made painfully clear two days after Obama 's speech , in a new study from the Congressional Budget Office , which revealed that the budget deficit this year will reach nearly $ 1.5 trillion -- a sum almost unimaginable even for an economy the size of the US .
In some places in India , the water table has been falling by several meters annually in recent years .
A calamity is inevitable unless we change .
There will be enough resources and prosperity to go around if we convert our economies to renewable energy sources , sustainable agricultural practices , and reasonable taxation of the rich .
This surge is all the more remarkable given that Egypt is a desert country , its inhabitants packed along the Nile .
Egypt can supply technology , manpower , and considerable expertise for the Arab region , while the Gulf provides energy and finance , as well as some specialists .
The long-delayed vision of Arab economic unity should be returned to the table .
Ban Ki-moon and the Age of Sustainable Development
During the past five years , Ban Ki-moon has embodied that unity , both in his unique personal diplomacy and in his role as head of this indispensable global organization .
From his first days in office , Ban emphasized that many or most of the world 's greatest challenges come down to a simple yet stark reality : we are now a crowded , interconnected , global society , with seven billion people struggling to find a foothold on a highly vulnerable planet .
We are , in short , in a new global era , which may be defined as the Age of Sustainable Development , in which our security , even our survival , will depend on the world forging a triple commitment : to end extreme poverty ; to ensure human rights for all ; and to protect the natural environment from human-induced crises of climate change , destruction of biodiversity , and depletion of fresh-water reserves and other vital resources .
Ban has tirelessly emphasized the need to put sustainable development at the center of our thinking .
Under Ban 's leadership , remarkable progress is being made , though as he emphasizes , even faster progress is both possible and needed .
The location of life-supporting pasturelands is determined by the unstable and largely unpredictable rains , rather than by political boundaries .
A massive drought this year was not exactly predictable , but the risk of famine was easily foreseeable .
And , finally , regional politics is highly unstable , leaving the Horn extremely vulnerable to conflict .
Cutting-edge technologies , together with strong community leadership , can unlock long-term sustainable development .
Many companies , such as Ericsson , Airtel , Novartis , and Sumitomo Chemical , are participating in this effort by making their technologies available to impoverished pastoralist communities .
Forty years ago , Bhutan 's fourth king , young and newly installed , made a remarkable choice : Bhutan should pursue `` gross national happiness '' rather than gross national product .
I was co-host with Bhutan 's prime minister , Jigme Thinley , a leader in sustainable development and a great champion of the concept of `` GNH . ''
A recent survey in the US by the organization Common Sense Media reveals a paradox , but one that is perfectly understandable .
Any viable solution requires that the following conditions be satisfied :
Argentina is vulnerable to external shocks such as declining agricultural commodity prices because Argentina failed to develop a diversified export sector , one in which a broad range of industrial and service sectors are internationally competitive .
The recent weakening of the dollar has been predictable and long overdue .
But of late the yen has strengthened rather than weakened , a direction that is nearly inexplicable given the underlying conditions .
In 1914 , like today , globalization seemed inevitable .
OPEC governments , among the most vulnerable to this crisis , should readily accede to this kind of international commitment .
It has not provided enough leadership and financing in fighting AIDS in poor countries ; dragged its feet on canceling unpayable debts of the world 's poorest countries -LRB- not because of the financial costs , which are negligible as they could not be repaid anyway , but because US politicians have not taken the plight of the poor seriously -RRB- ; and slashed foreign assistance as a share of national income to where it is lower than any rich country .
The results would be unpredictable and potentially disastrous for all .
The most shocking losses are those resulting from preventable and treatable diseases , such as measles , respiratory infections , malaria , tuberculosis , and AIDS .
The problem is that prevention and treatment of these conditions costs money -- not a lot , but much more than is available to the world 's impoverished .
China has now rejoined the world community as a cooperative , stable , and powerful sovereign nation , which will be one of the leading trading countries in the years ahead .
Therefore the preeminence of UN institutions in so many events in November is notable .
Despite a considerable diversity of views at the outset of the two-year investigation , the Commission reached a strong consensus after examining extensive evidence from around the world .
Second , millions of impoverished people die tragic deaths each year from infectious diseases that are preventable and treatable simply because they lack access to the needed health services .
Foreign investors will be able to invest in an African labor force no longer shattered by disease .
I am not speaking of relative poverty , the nearly inevitable fact that some members of society are worse off than others , though to some extent that varies society to society .
India achieved notable successes more recently , though much remains to be accomplished .
The extreme poverty of the bottom billion people is shocking , morally intolerable , and dangerous - a breeding ground of disease , terrorism , and violence .
Rich countries could enable the poorest of the poor to escape from misery by providing just a tiny fraction of their yearly national income - or , indeed , of their military spending - to overcome the crises of hunger , education , and disease .
But in an interconnected world , is n't it possible for the international community to do more to restrain tyrants in order to ensure a more stable global environment ?
Some long-time leaders have been coaxed from office through blandishments , high-profile international positions , or even amnesties and comfortable exiles in safe locations .
A more general , perhaps more powerful approach , is for the international community to agree on general , enforceable political standards .
The world as a whole might agree on a weaker , but globally acceptable minimum standard , say a term limit of no more than 20 years .
In looking at the roster of long-serving heads of government in the second half of the twentieth century - such as Stalin , Mao , Franco , Kim Il Sung , and Ceausescu - it is clear that an enforced international term limit would have spared the world considerable grief and turmoil .
Such people are dying not because early death is inevitable , but because they can not afford the medicines to keep themselves alive .
When US Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill visited an AIDS clinic in Soweto , South Africa , doctors told him that they could increase by ten times the number of people treated with AIDS drugs if sufficient money was available .
In August , political leaders from the entire world will gather in Johannesburg for the World Summit on Sustainable Development .
Largely as a result of technological successes in the past 200 years , the human population has grown seven-fold since 1800 , from around 900 million in 1800 to more than 6 billion people today , crowding humanity into vulnerable spots throughout the world .
More than 2 billion of the world 's 6 billion people live within 100 kilometers of a coastline , and so are vulnerable to ocean storms , flooding , and rising sea levels due to global warming .
Human beings are also changing the environment everywhere , often in ways that make societies more vulnerable .
The most remarkable feature of these environmental changes is that they are not limited to local environments .
When disasters hit -LRB- such as this year 's droughts or floods -RRB- , politicians can not be held accountable for mistakes made over the course of many decades .
War with Iraq seems inevitable , with or without the support of the UN .
Yet pursuing war where diplomatic means - weapons inspections , threats of retaliation in the face of Iraqi aggression , readiness of the UN to act if dangers from Iraq become imminent - might suffice could result in huge and avoidable economic -LRB- as well as other -RRB- costs .
The Bush Administration 's fiscal policies , combined with the bursting of the US financial bubble of the late 1990s , have pushed America onto an unstable fiscal trajectory .
An alluring prospect , but perhaps improbable .
An honest appraisal would further show that the poorest countries are unable to raise sufficient funds to solve such problems on their own .
Turkey itself could serve as a stronger bridge to the unstable Turkic societies of Central Asia , from Azerbaijan to Kyrgyzstan , countries now at risk of destabilization from the war on terrorism and struggles over oil and other natural resources .
Communications and mass media have long enabled `` copycat '' effects -- protests in one place ignite similar actions elsewhere .
Khalilzad and Karzai spent considerable efforts in the late 1990s to get an American-built pipeline to carry gas from Turkeminstan through Afghanistan to Pakistan and the Indian Ocean .
More telling , and significant in the long term , is the remarkable anti-US and anti-UK sentiment now sweeping Iraq .
If Palestinians disarm but still confront Israeli demands to keep West Bank settlements , then Palestine will never have a viable state .
Would it stick to its long-term mission in the face of inevitable attacks ?
These regimes were able to blame foreigners for domestic hardships , even when it was their own policy mistakes and human rights abuses that caused the crises .
Malaysia , a successful and stable moderate Muslim country , has put the issue just right .
As long as US occupying forces remain , Iraq 's politics are likely to remain unstable .
Around eight million impoverished people will die of these three preventable and treatable diseases in 2004 .
In other words , US foreign policy spending is thirty times more focused on the military than on building global prosperity , global public health , and a sustainable environment .
Yet malaria is preventable and treatable .
At the World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg in 2002 , America committed itself to protect global ecosystems , yet little has been seen or heard from US policy makers on this issue since then .
Instead , Lula has governed with remarkable prudence , and Brazil is poised for rapid growth .
Brazil must also pay more attention to environmental management , especially in the fragile yet critical Amazon region , if it wants long-term , sustainable economic development .
For Brazil to play a bigger role as regional economic leader , greater cooperation with its neighbors in suitable infrastructure projects and expanded markets will be needed .
The effects are unpredictable but likely to be huge , in terms of crop production , diseases , costs and availability of irrigation and drinking water , coastal erosion , and so forth ;
Others declare that we must kick the fossil fuel habit and make a mad dash for renewable energy sources such as solar or wind power .
Our goals should be reliable supplies of energy that are environmentally safe at affordable prices .
Our energy future will depend not on one solution , but on a variety of steps : exploration and development of new petroleum sources , especially outside the Middle East ; increased energy efficiency ; long-term development and adoption of affordable renewable sources ; and the environmentally safe use of alternative fossil fuels such as coal .
The world 's largest energy users , starting with the US , Europe , China , Japan , and India , need to agree on collective actions to develop new technologies for carbon capture and storage , and for the affordable development and use of alternative energy supplies .
The United States seems as capable of barbarism as anyone else , as the abuses at the Abu Ghraib prison make clear .
Every society , under certain conditions , is vulnerable to a descent into barbarism .
We have to fight it decisively right now , or else we 'll never be able to stamp it out . ''
I am not saying that the US is more depraved than other countries . What I am saying is that human society , even in the twenty-first century , is capable of sliding into barbaric thinking and action , no matter the level of `` development . ''
Once we recognize how vulnerable all of the world is to this kind of descent into violence , the importance of international law and international institutions such as the United Nations become all the more obvious .
A decisive blow against poverty was struck when India 's new Finance Minister Chidambaram tabled the 2004\/2005 budget .
India 's new government is led by a veritable `` dream team '' of international development .
By providing a few billion dollars per year in assistance now , the donor world would ensure a prosperous , democratic , and stable partner in India for decades to come .
All of these problems are solvable , but they are not being solved in many places .
The Bush administration gave $ 250 billion per year in tax cuts to the richest Americans , raised military spending by $ 150 billion per year , and then turned to the poorest people of the world and told them that there is no money available to meet America 's promise .
America 's public reaction has been as remarkable as the Lancet study , for the reaction has been no reaction .
Yet the Red Crescent and other relief agencies have been unable to relieve Falluja 's civilian population .
When Bill Gates donated $ 1 billion to bring vaccines to poor children , he made it possible to protect tens of millions of young people from preventable diseases .
When an agricultural research unit called the World Agroforestry Center discovered that a certain tree could help African farmers grow more food , they introduced a new and valuable approach to overcoming Africa 's chronic food crisis .
For every major problem - hunger , illiteracy , malnutrition , malaria , AIDS , drought , and so forth - there are practical solutions that are proven and affordable .
Africa 's silent tsunami of malaria , however , is actually largely avoidable and controllable .
Malaria can be prevented to a significant extent , and can be treated with nearly 100 % success , through available low-cost technologies .
The Project , which I direct on behalf of the Secretary General , represents an effort by more than 250 scientists and development experts to identify practical means to achieve the Millennium Development Goals to cut extreme poverty , disease , and hunger by the year 2015 . Our new report , entitled Investing in Development : A Practical Plan to Achieve the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- available for download at
Farmers were digging a pit in the riverbed , down to the water table approximately two meters below ground level .
Moreover , countries like Ethiopia are making valiant , indeed remarkable , efforts to overcome their problems , despite the lack of adequate , and long-promised , help from the world 's richest countries .
The personal presence of Bush is notable , because the rich countries once again adopted the target of 0.7 % of GNP , with the US being a signatory .
Six more countries , all in Europe , have recently set a timetable to reach 0.7 % of GNP by the year 2015 . They are Belgium , Finland , France , Ireland , Spain , and the United Kingdom .
Many remarkable philanthropists , such as Bill Gates , are already leading the way .
We must move to a sustainable energy system , one that does not mean a huge increase of carbon in the atmosphere .
This will require a shift to renewable energy sources such as solar power , and perhaps nuclear power , as well as new technologies to capture carbon dioxide at power plants and then to dispose of the carbon dioxide in safe underground deposits .
Second , major US investors , such as pension fund managers , are realizing that US companies that fail to control their emissions may be vulnerable to financial losses in the future .
We will all need to pay a `` market price '' when we contribute to global climate change , so that we give true economic incentives to sustainable energy systems and new public investments -- for example , mass transit -- that reduce greenhouse gas emissions and thereby head off future climatic disasters .
Although he is capable of providing people with increased political and social freedoms , he is simply unwilling .
An indigenous civil society has emerged ; indeed , Iran appears to be the only nation in the Islamic Middle East that is building a sustainable liberal foundation from the bottom up .
In the absence of a credible and readily available political alternative , deadlock will likely continue , with the pace of change slower than the population demands .
For the US , Iran 's nuclear ambitions , opposition to Israel , and support for extremist groups have become increasingly intolerable in the context of the war on terror .
On the other hand , some influential Iranians -- led by former president Hashemi Rafsanjani -- recognize that relations with the US are inevitable , given Iran 's need to re-integrate into the international community and face its economic deficiencies .
Various opinion polls consistently show that a sizable minority of Pakistanis has a favorable view of Osama bin Laden , an unfavorable view of the US , and believe that implementing Islamic law -LRB- Sharia -RRB- should be a priority .
Pakistani liberals may be right that their country is invulnerable to an Islamist power grab .
Their brain trust is either in prison , under virtual house arrest , or unable to communicate freely .
At least in democratic societies , such policies should be accountable to the public , and the classification of diseases , since it serves many of the functions of public policy should be no different .
Both the ICD classification of mental disorders , and its American counterpart , the American Psychiatric Association 's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- DSM -RRB- efforts have taken pains to make diagnostic classification accountable as examples of public policy .
The Politics of Psychiatry Worldwide , annual investments in scientific research to cure devastating mental pathologies such as bipolar disorder , schizophrenia , and clinical depression are huge -- comparable to spending on finding a cure for any other disease .
The politics of psychiatry are inescapable , which is why all societies must consider them with the greatest of seriousness .
But the real curse of possessing oil is not so much that it incites the infamous `` Dutch disease '' -- the misallocation of resources away from tradable sectors -- or that it generates uncertainty due to oil 's price volatility .
For example , a decision needs to be made as to whether the transfers go to each citizen or each household -LRB- a yearly check for each person in the family may have undesirable consequences on fertility as parents have children to collect checks -RRB- .
Rebuilding a country devastated by war , riven by internal divisions , and plagued by foreign intervention in a part of the world as volatile as the Middle East is one of the most daunting tasks imaginable .
One lesson from Lebanon 's recent history stands out above all others : in divided political societies such as Lebanon and Iraq , coalition democracy is preferable to majoritarian winner-takes-all democracy .
Hezbollah and its main backer , Iran , were motivated by two concerns : fear of the next Israeli attack , which Hezbollah believes is inevitable , and concern over Syrian-Israeli peace talks that , if successful , could leave Hezbollah without its main bridge to Iran . Hezbollah has been rearming and redeploying since the 2006 war ; the actions of May further consolidate its position in and around Beirut .
It will be hard for Israel to launch a large-scale attack on Hezbollah if it is participating in a semi-stable Lebanese state headed by an internationally recognized president , with a pro-Western prime minister and a democratically elected parliament , teeming with tourists , and buffered by 10,000 UNIFIL troops in the south .
But until the Lebanese state is able to integrate or dominate non-state militias , and until some of the raging confrontations in Lebanon 's immediate environment are calmed , Lebanon is not likely to know real stability .
The fear that the pro-Syrian and pro-Iranian March 8 alliance might secure a victory was palpable prior to the vote .
Hezbollah may be quite comfortable with the returns .
Research throughout the world shows that education is a key prerequisite for sustainable growth .
The East Asian tigers invested heavily in education , and it paid off in terms of a capable and modern workforce .
The American University of Beirut , founded in 1866 , has arguably done more to transform the Middle East in positive ways than any other comparable institution , yet it receives only $ 3 million in annual aid from the United States , which spends billions on armies and weaponry in the region .
Now consider the two regional engines , Japan and China . Japan 's sclerotic domestic economy makes it incapable of exerting regional leadership .
China narrowed the trade policy gap with other developing countries , bringing average tariffs down to Southeast Asian and Latin American levels -LRB- about 10 % -RRB- and establishing comparable openness to foreign direct investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- .
One possibility is that it will take place province by province -- the previously ungovernable state of Bihar being a prime example .
But we might also see an unpredictable turn , with a new political leader or movement suddenly capturing the popular imagination and sweeping aside the old arrangements .
In the east , there was a strong sense of being Bengali , and a sizeable Hindu minority continued to live in the province .
This was not palatable to the Punjabi-dominated military brass or to Zulfikar Ali Bhutto , the leader of West Pakistan 's largest political party .
We now have copies of desperate cables sent by diplomat Archer Blood and his colleagues at the US consulate in Dacca -LRB- now Dhaka -RRB- pleading with the US government to stop supporting a military regime that was carrying out genocide .
In the long run , a population is said to be stable if the TFR is at the replacement rate , which is a little above 2.3 for the world as a whole , and somewhat lower , at 2.1 , for developed countries , reflecting their lower infant-mortality rates .
Securing Europe 's Energy Future Most Europeans agree that reliable , affordable , and sustainable energy is crucial to Europe 's security and prosperity ; that energy can be used as a political weapon , as when Russia shut off gas to Ukraine in January 2006 ; and that Europe is far too dependent on energy supplies from undemocratic and unstable countries or regions .
Specifically , the EU must develop a diplomatic strategy aimed at strengthening cooperation with all major energy producing , transit , and consumer countries , while creating within the Union a mutually beneficial , open , transparent , and stable energy sector based on reciprocity .
To achieve this , viable instruments are needed .
The huge price rises of the 1970 's became unsustainable because they drove governments in Europe and elsewhere to protect their consumers through higher oil taxes , conservation , and expansion of non-OPEC oil production .
Gas is arguably more vulnerable than oil to unforeseen supply interruptions .
These two reforms alone would deprive Russia of its ability to play one country off against another , because a concession granted to one national distributor would immediately become available to customers in all the other countries through enforceable supply contracts clauses and transit protocols overseen by the European Commission .
Because a market in tradable liquefied natural gas -LRB- LNG -RRB- is emerging -- flows to Europe have more than doubled over the past decade and represent about one-quarter of the world 's total cross-border gas trade -- Europe will need to invest heavily in new LNG terminals as another alternative to Russian gas .
Such a single voice would not erode individual countries ' sovereign right to determine their energy production mix i.e. balance between conventional , renewables and nuclear , as some Eurosceptics claim ; it is simply common sense between countries determined to defend their common security .
The European Energy Charter , which emphasizes market access and transparency , though laudable , is insufficient in moments of crisis when markets are at their worst .
It was only in the latter part of the twentieth century that a truly effective chemotherapy became available .
But what is not acceptable is the way that people with leprosy , those cured of it , and even their family members continue to be discriminated against on the basis of fears , myths , and outdated notions about a disease that is today completely curable .
By doing so , he avoids the damage to his authority that would be caused by becoming a `` lame duck , '' particularly given Russia 's servile bureaucracy and its lack of reliable institutions and respected traditions to carry out a smooth transfer of power .
This means that he will be accountable to and dependent on those who raised him to power , not in a symbolic sense , but in the quite real sense of fulfilling promises and facing sanctions if he does not .
Politicians who come to power by winning a free and fair election are accountable primarily to voters .
It is not clear yet whether the nationalist youth rebellion has been suppressed , and whether Muscovites will be able to use the subway without fear during Russia 's New Year and Orthodox Christmas holidays .
Because bidding and private buying would not be permitted , available organs would be distributed to the next in line -- not just to the wealthy .
The resulting contract is all the more problematic because it is likely to involve one of the host country 's few important resources , which can generate more predictable -LRB- and probably higher -RRB- revenues than official development assistance -- and over a long period of time .
Obviously , MNEs want the best possible deal for themselves ; but they also want durable contracts that wo n't be repudiated by the next government .
In Latin America , for example , some 60 % of all FDI regulatory changes in 2007 were unfavorable to foreign investors .
And these data refer to formal changes in laws and regulations ; no data are available on the extent to which unchanged laws and regulations are implemented in a more restrictive manner , increasing informal barriers to the entry and operations of foreign firms .
But the definition of FDI protectionism can become more complicated , because measures taken in the interest of legitimate public policy objectives -- for example , protecting national security or increasing FDI 's contribution to the host economy -- are not necessarily instances of it , even if they make the foreign-investment climate less hospitable .
But the most notable development of recent years has been the surge in China 's outward FDI since the government adopted its `` go global '' policy in 2000 , encouraging Chinese firms to invest overseas .
The Chinese government can play a crucial role by adopting a code of conduct for all Chinese enterprises investing abroad , in line with internationally accepted norms and taking into account the increasing importance of sustainable FDI .
Rich economies are already challenged by this decline , and so are scrambling to meet the insatiable demands of public pension and health care systems , which causes their fiscal balances to deteriorate .
Trade serves as such a channel because nations with aging populations are economically powerful and so are capable of setting the terms on which they trade with poorer countries .
Because the old save less , lower aggregate savings in rich countries will crimp the relative abundance of capital available to poorer economies .
The approval of comprehensive and irrevocable debt relief for Liberia is historic for many reasons .
Although debt relief and the related policy reforms are a major political and economic achievement , they are not a panacea for Liberia 's considerable challenges .
Maintaining peace and security is a pre-requisite for economic development , and here the continued engagement of the sizeable United Nations peacekeeping force will be critical through the next few years .
All this might be seen as a predictable , conservative reaction to urgently needed reforms , were it not for the poor track record of the Sunni economic establishment , which for many years adapted well enough to Syrian domination .
Part of Hariri 's legacy was the award of quasi-monopolistic licences to cronies -- for mobile telephones , for example -- and the sale of government debt at highly profitable rates to local banks in which had a direct interest .
Since China established diplomatic relations with South Korea in the early l990 's , economic ties have grown dramatically , and cultural relations have expanded at a comparable pace .
Indeed , China is believed to supply about 70 % of the North 's oil , and has doubled its sales of grain and vegetables .
Hence , war initiated by the North , while not unthinkable , seems unlikely .
Whatever the eventual outcome , the status quo is untenable .
It is anxious to see a US-North Korea dialogue begin , one capable of alleviating the North 's anxieties about an American attack and America 's concerns about a renewed nuclear program .
The truth itself is far more complex than these facile comparisons , which also makes it more durable .
Each , indeed , is unsustainable without the other .
Indeed , only an ongoing skepticism of fashionable political nostrums - both of the statist and market fundamentalist variety - can promote pluralism and tolerance , and avoid a ballooning of the bureaucracy that enfeebles our economy .
The Allies affirmed unambiguously that a stable Iraq is in their common interest and that NATO is part of achieving this .
Training is an area that is critical to Iraq 's stability , and one in which NATO has valuable experience and expertise to share .
The Truth about NATO Burden-Sharing BRUSSELS -- When discussing Afghanistan , many newspapers continue to suggest that some of Europe 's NATO allies are under-performing in Afghanistan , and are either unable or unwilling to make a greater effort .
Contrary to popular opinion , the type of forces and capabilities needed by NATO are not as widely available in national inventories as one might think .
Moreover , many allies ' failure to respect the 2 % - of-GDP target for their defense budgets exacerbates this dilemma , and also widens the capability gap with those allies that are investing in usable and deployable forces .
Only smarter multinational and transatlantic cooperation will give us forces that are capable of dealing with today 's security challenges .
How can you evaluate a contribution of light infantry against the provision of critical enablers such as helicopters or air-to-air refueling tankers ?
Common funding , with all members paying a share according to their GDP , is one instrument that can be used to achieve more equitable burden-sharing .
But the range of initiatives now underway within NATO should help : transformation efforts to increase the pool of usable and deployable forces ; wider use of multinational initiatives ; greater reliance on common funding to assist force generation ; and a comprehensive approach for sharing burdens more equitably across the entire international community .
The sense of keeping one 's obligations and commitments to other allies , upon whom one 's own security ultimately depends , is a powerful motive for equitable burden-sharing .
The outcome will have a major impact on whether China succeeds in becoming a nation capable of having truly constructive and durable relations with the outside world .
Of course , Japan did occupy China , committed unimaginable savagery , and has since paid no reparations or apologized in a convincing way .
First and foremost , aiding and inciting the expression of popular anger against Japan gives China 's Communist Party leaders a powerful and readily available vehicle for rallying domestic support , thereby legitimizing their own power .
Small wonder , then , that the water in 75 % of China 's rivers is undrinkable , that the country is home to seven of the world 's most polluted cities , and that one can often live in Beijing or Shanghai for weeks without ever seeing the sun .
It would be a pity if China , the new industrial hub of the world , overlooked the benefits of capitalizing economically on the multinational effort to control carbon emissions that is inevitable if the global environment is to remain hospitable .
Although there have been numerous initiatives to investigate its war guilt , especially its occupation of China , there has not yet been an official effort comparable to what the Germans undertook to take collective responsibility for their war crimes .
While Yomiuri 's unique public effort is not a government initiative , it comes as close as Japan will probably ever get to conducting an acceptable `` official '' inquiry and offering an adequate apology .
As a result , `` there can be no genuinely honest and friendly dialogue with those countries that suffered considerable damage and casualties in the wars with Japan . ''
First , it must become more comfortable playing an active and constructive international role .
Party leaders may not become sufficiently attuned to the needs of China 's people to respond to problems like corruption , environmental degradation , or peasant unrest before crises make them unsolvable .
So China may be edging towards a whole new way of interacting with the world and dealing with its people ; its curious authoritarian capitalism may be inching towards some new , and possibly viable , model for long-term development .
To fully address the question of the moral and ethical base of a new form of Chinese governance , China 's government and its people must be able to look back freely and come to terms with their recent history : the Great Leap Forward , the Cultural Revolution , the events of 1989 , Tibet , and other sensitive issues .
They must also freely be able to discuss the future and what kind of society they wish to see rise from the ashes of Mao 's revolution .
If many of those same viewers who have been impressed by China 's successes in Beijing now also find themselves recoiling at the idea of a stronger and more prideful China , that is understandable . For strength unalloyed by checks and balances -- and by a capacity for self-critical reflection about the rightness and wrongness of state action -- can be unnerving .
But one also hopes that China 's successes will enable its leaders to feel strong enough to begin looking honestly at China 's recent past in a more critical way .
Of course , by hosting the talks , China 's leaders also tacitly recognize that absolute sovereignty is no longer a viable position , or one that benefits China .
And since every economy is cyclical in nature , even some of China 's most ardent boosters are left to wonder what resources the Party and government will have to draw on , should growth rates drop , even to a respectable 3-4 % .
The real test is a political system 's ability to survive the inevitable cyclical downturns , political shocks or social upheavals that almost inevitably challenge a country , particularly developing ones .
Why is Taiwan 's relationship with China so intractable an issue ?
The fact that only Taiwan stands in the way makes reunification all the more non-negotiable .
In due course , they may well be able to become more unified on the political front - if they do not push their disagreements too aggressively .
Its leaders must understand that , even though `` independence '' may sometimes seem like a logical scenario , Taiwan is a small , vulnerable island , and China an emerging superpower .
But if Dr. Jiang became a hero in the process , he was also marked as insubordinate , the kind of potentially uncontrollable person that the Chinese Communist Party fears .
That depends on whether one believes that Leninist capitalism is a viable and stable form of government for China over the long term .
At the same time , geographically diversified institutions outperformed even during the recent global crisis , because they were less vulnerable to downturns in individual regions .
Furthermore , strong international financial partners are indispensable to multinational corporations , which often need global cash management or support for large-scale transactions .
By 2010 , this share had fallen by 10 percentage points , to 42 % -- a remarkable decline that was interrupted only briefly by the financial crisis .
In the current environment , with a renewed focus on regulating markets , institutions , and financial instruments , some international differences in scale , scope , and application of the new rules may be inevitable .
Nonetheless , given the relatively favorable outlook for cross-border banking , Western banks ' presence in emerging markets could strengthen further , while banks domiciled in these regions might start looking beyond national borders .
Today , no guidelines are available to make a reasoned clinical decision on the presence or absence of these novel susceptibility factors .
In addition , reliable risk prediction models are required to learn more about the combined effect of certain patterns of susceptibility factors on overall lifetime risk and response to therapy , including their role as objects of targeted therapies .
Ban , who has just marked the half-way point in his five-year term in office , has so far been unable to attract a large worldwide audience for his activities . This is due , in part , to stylistic reasons , but also to the vagaries of UN diplomacy .
In Kosovo , Ban was able to lower the temperature on the boiling issue of the province 's independence .
At the same time , French and Dutch citizens ' voices can not be ignored -- all the more so because it is unimaginable that an identical text could be submitted to a second referendum in either country .
So the objective is not automatically `` more Europe , '' but rather a `` better Europe '' capable of acting effectively and more transparently in areas where collective action is clearly necessary .
Differentiation should not mean division , but rather progress at variable speeds .
Indeed , it has simply taken new forms , partly owing to economic and technical progress - and with it an increase in available wealth - and partly owing to efforts aimed at allaying it .
So the birth and development of the welfare state reflects an inescapable fact : freedom and equality are both in tension and intimately linked , because both values are part and parcel of the democratic project .
Such an outcome , however , would quickly render all efforts to ensure material equality unsustainable . For without a common political identity on which to base social solidarity , redistribution of wealth by the welfare state loses its legitimacy .
The predominant response among commentators to the sole television debate between Chancellor Angela Merkel and her challenger , Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier , held two weeks before the election , was a collective yawn -- all the more remarkable considering the historical events that overshadow this election .
Quite a few of them are already back at the table gambling away with the taxpayer 's money and peddling their new `` financial products '' ; they know that when the next crash comes , the taxpayer will have no choice but to bail them out again .
Unfortunately , under the far-too-long leadership of Guido Westerwelle , the FDP has degenerated into a party notable for defending the freedom only of a few privileged individuals : bankers and businessmen .
The FDP can count on about 13-14 % of the vote , which means that it may be able to join with Merkel 's Christian Democratic Union to form a government .
Indeed , Russia 's racists can be assured of considerable sympathy from the security forces and the public .
Since the day Vladimir Putin spoke on TV of flushing all Chechen terrorists down the toilet , hatred of Caucasians has become all but socially acceptable .
Once again , a subgroup of the population has been declared bandits and potential terrorists , satisfying people 's urge to find a clearly identifiable enemy who can be blamed for all that is wrong in today 's Russia .
Although he was a close confidante of Vladimir Putin and probably was able to assume presidential office exclusively for that reason , many dared to hope that he would stop the vendetta against Khodorkovsky and all those who had been close to him .
But what made him public enemy number one for Putin was his desire to move Russia in a political direction that he viewed as positive and desirable .
The type of social unrest recently witnessed in Greece may spread , because the downturn is likely to take a disproportionate toll on Europe 's young people , who are seeking jobs at a time when hard-pressed European businesses will be able to offer them very few .
These rules must eventually be restored intact if Europe is to return to the path of sustainable growth , and a consensus will need to be forged now to make that happen .
Given the stark changes in economic conditions , however , it is now in Russia 's national interest to reassure international markets that it is a reliable place to do business , for which a new PCA would serve as an ideal signal .
During the 1990 's , the US and Europe erred in treating Russia with benign neglect . It would be a mistake for Russia to respond in kind today by seeking to prolong the PCA negotiations in the hope that a possibly more amenable EU president may one day offer softer terms .
The ethnic cleansing of many Baghdad neighborhoods in 2006 and 2007 was deplorable .
Jordanian agents were instrumental in providing the intelligence that enabled US forces to kill Abu Zarqawi , the mastermind of the Amman bombing .
Iran then helped broker a ceasefire that was highly favorable to Maliki , and cemented his commanding position inside the Iraqi coalition government .
No doubt Maliki 's hard-line stance on the need for a firm timetable for the withdrawal of US troops was critical to Iran 's decision to throw its weight behind him .
If large corporations -LRB- and other banks -RRB- have deposits that they expect to be able to claim on short notice , and if they know that not all such deposits can be withdrawn at the same time , then suspicion that a bank might fail gives them as much reason to rush to the exit as households have .
The idea that something that was good for confidence might lead to danger for the banking system was too strange to be believable .
You can , however , succeed in tickling yourself through an intermediary -- a machine , for instance , that translates the movements of your fingers into sensations on the skin by a method indirect enough for the cerebellum to be unable to anticipate them .
The Hong Kong meeting of the Doha Round of trade negotiations has left a palpable sense of frustration in the developing world over the slow pace of agricultural liberalization agreed to by the rich countries .
Competition among countries to attract investors is intense , and only a few , such as China or India , are able to negotiate on equal terms with the industrialized world .
Indeed , without returning to the illusion of economic planning , these countries need to be able to set conditions for foreign investors that aim to maximize the local impact on employment , technological diffusion , strategic partnerships , and so forth . At the same time , developing countries may need to promote local private sectors and `` infant industries '' through temporary protectionist measures , which would help them to upgrade their output on the road to liberalization .
Such a prospect would be even less acceptable to developing countries .
To be viable , such an agreement must recognize the legitimate need for some regulation .
No multilateral investment agreement will be able to address all of the institutional problems and market failures that prevent capital from flowing to developing countries .
Some economists point to imperfect information , which precludes companies from considering the higher returns on investment available in the developing world .
When it comes to global governance , communicable diseases , climate change , or threats to biodiversity , these countries ' importance speaks for itself .
Fighting poverty is a non-negotiable objective .
The Bank should be able to work with them in the absence of sovereign guarantees , and increase its loan offerings in local currencies , since these partners can not afford currency risk .
Halting the cutting and burning of tropical forests , which are found almost exclusively in developing nations , is among the most readily achievable and effective possible steps to reduce carbon emissions .
Thus , what is needed is a means to reconcile the task of helping some of the world 's poorest people with that of protecting irreplaceable ecosystems .
By focusing on `` biodiversity hotspots '' -- regions with unique and highly threatened natural environments -- the CEPF relies on the common-sense principle that protecting what nature provides for free is a crucial element of sustainable economic development .
This is the kind of progress the world needs if it is to address effectively one of the most pressing issues of our time : providing a healthy , sustainable planet for rich and poor alike .
The reality is that aid increased only slightly over the 2000-2006 period : because of massive debt write-offs , the substantial increase in official development assistance did not translate into new and available funds on the ground .
But with deliverable aid levels remaining practically constant , and given strong population growth , notably in Africa , the international community has not given itself sufficient means to reach its ambitious targets .
The pace of sustainable development is necessarily slow .
As most of today 's financial , environmental , or sanitary crises are unpredictable and ignore borders , it is in everyone 's interest to create a global `` social safety net '' that will span an indefinite period of time .
If we accept the logic behind the more pragmatic and ambitious philosophy of international aid that underpins the United Nations ' `` Millennium Declaration , '' we must quickly adapt our instruments to ensure more sustainable and predictable modes of financing .
Beyond the MDGs semi-success or semi-failure by 2015 , the key question is whether the international community will be able to overcome its myopia and schizophrenia .
Moreover , the justice of the distribution of risks and benefits is questionable when research subjects are concentrated on a vulnerable segment of our society .
America needs a post-occupation strategy for Iraq and the Middle East , one grounded in a viable national security strategy for the twenty-first century .
Containment 's goal was to prevent Soviet expansion without saddling the US with unsustainable military obligations .
America made comparable errors in Guatemala and elsewhere in Latin America .
This approach to Islamic texts -- coming from both secular and religiously oriented Muslims , as well as from non-Muslims with an interest in the subject -- calls into question the compatibility of Islam and democracy , and also whether Islam is capable with peace and moderation .
One possible approach is purely practical , comparing democracy with all other conceivable alternatives .
In my opinion , there are only five conceivable alternatives in a Muslim country .
This is unacceptable for two reasons .
First , dictatorship itself is ugly and unacceptable ; second , secular dictatorship excludes Islamic parties from participating normally in the political system .
We have considerable experience of this in the Middle East .
Unemployment now stands at 9 % -- unimaginable before the handover in 1997 , when both Tung and China promised that Hong Kong would do even better under Chinese sovereignty than under British rule .
Indeed , democracies are so stable because they allow misrule to be ended through regularly scheduled elections .
Chen squandered six valuable years as his administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while he pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized his government to `` de-Sinicize '' Taiwan culture .
If Thaksin is sincere , he could serve Thailand by bringing back a few of his host city 's more admirable virtues .
Two stand out : a largely uncorrupt , efficient , transparent , and accountable government , and an open and competitive economy .
Just as we obey our leaders ' orders to fight and die because we trust their judgment , we entrust our careers and our money to those who run Citigroup and Goldman Sachs and other such banks , because we believe their leaders will be fair to their employees and clients , and honorable in their business practices .
As I write , inflation in Zimbabwe has reached an unimaginable -LRB- if not unpronounceable -RRB- level of more than 500 quintillion per cent .
Bond rating agencies have issued misleading ratings on companies in questionable health .
Will we ever again be able to trust a triple A rating issued by , say , Moody 's ?
The reasoning behind the tests seemed unimpeachable . But was it ?
This message , it was hoped , would stabilize the market so that prices for `` toxic '' assets could rise to a level at which bankers might feel comfortable selling them .
Yet we need to set to work on a plan for deploying a viable multinational force to help secure peace there , or at the very least sustain its people .
But , even with China 's efforts to loosen the renminbi-dollar linkage , it is arguable whether revaluation could save American jobs or improve the US trade balance .
However , while the US government and American companies question whether the Chinese are willing and able to enforce such rights , one must put this issue into historical perspective .
In the late 1980 's , Japan seemed capable of challenging America 's industrial leadership , but by the 1990 's it lost its competitive edge .
The Middle East , always a region of concern for Europe , has become even less stable as a result of the war .
But Claudio Borio and Piti Disayat , economists at the Bank for International Settlements , have argued convincingly that the savings-glut theory fails to explain the unsustainable credit creation in the run-up to the 2008 crisis .
It would certainly behoove the Assembly to give serious and immediate consideration to the country 's deplorable socioeconomic conditions .
The main challenge for the Assembly is to forge onward , keeping in mind that the road ahead is full of seemingly insurmountable challenges .
But neither the Kremlin 's power elite , the bureaucracy , nor the oligarchs seem capable of reforming themselves .
Of course , Putin has concentrated so much authority and control over the levers of power in his own hands that he appears capable of anything .
What will they do when they realize that it has failed to secure sustainable economic growth and political stability ?
If not , no wall will be able to contain Palestinian rage .
Indeed , the `` creative destruction '' that generates unacceptable risk to individuals is poised to deliver the means for tempering these same risks .
Aided by advanced information technology , financial institutions will be democratized and made available to everyone , which will go a long way toward solving today 's problems of increasing inequality and declining economic vitality .
For most middle-class people in developed countries , the home they own is their most valuable asset .
Regulators permitting , insurance companies will then be able to write policies against loss of home value for individuals , and then will be able protect themselves against the risk to which these policies expose them by taking offsetting positions in the futures or options markets .
No perfect substitutes for the market in the area of scientific discovery exist , but a good surrogate , which enables scientists to compete effectively , is the system of peer review , i.e. , the anonymous evaluation of research by scientific colleagues .
In his 1945 book Science , the Endless Frontier , Bush argued that basic scientific research needs substantial and stable financial support ; that support should be potentially available to all researchers ; and that peer review should ultimately decide how and to whom funds are allocated .
The market may know , not just from the experience of 2001-2 , that interest rate movements do not have predictable effects on stock prices .
When interest rates go up , these payments will -LRB- when the rate is variable -RRB- also go up , possibly becoming unsustainable .
If one borrows the equivalent of three years ' income to buy a house , a mortgage rate of 6 % means that 18 % of one 's income goes to interest payments , which may be tolerable .
People with fixed-rate mortgages are also vulnerable to rate increases , though less directly . This is because if they have to move and sell their house , there may be no buyers who can afford higher interest payments , unless the home 's price also falls .
They only made it easier for people , in those areas of the world where there is a half-believable story about a fabulous future economy , to indulge their fantasies .
I asked this question of recent homebuyers on the theory that fear of job loss might help explain the remarkable boom in home prices in the US -LRB- as well as many other advanced countries -RRB- .
The scary story that is being amplified now concerns the developing world , notably China and India , where rapid economic growth - and no restrictions on emissions under the Kyoto Protocol - are seen as creating insatiable demands for oil .
But what matters for oil prices now and in the foreseeable future is the perception of the story , not the ambiguities behind it .
Declining stock markets and low interest rates , have left private pensions around the world more vulnerable than was expected .
Is this reasonable ?
No central bank would permit deflation for long , and the current level of inflation probably represents the lower boundary that most monetary authorities consider acceptable .
He was right to worry : a sharply expanding money supply may have unexpected and unquantifiable lagged effects .
A liquid , cash-settled futures market that is based on an index of home prices in a city would enable a homeowner living there to sell in a futures market to protect himself .
But the tools needed to hedge such risks should be made available to everyone .
Because even many financially sophisticated homeowners will find direct participation in derivative markets too daunting , the next stage in the development of real estate risk management will be to create suitable retail products .
But if the momentum toward better risk management continues , it will be the last real estate cycle in which homeowners are unable to protect themselves .
Insurance , on the other hand , is a reliable and venerable institution , its modern form dating back to the seventeenth century .
In California , one of the world 's most unstable geological regions , only one in six homeowners buys earthquake insurance .
Retired people need life annuities -- contracts that offer a stable income stream for as long as they live -- to insure against the risk of outliving their wealth .
Most of the likely buyers are slow to make up their minds , since trustees , fund managers , consultants , and employer sponsors must all become comfortable that the new concept is consistent with their fiduciary obligations .
Should we expect to be able to do that in the future ?
A study by Philippe Jorion and William Goetzmann found 39 countries with reliable stock price data -- though not dividend data -- for a good part of the twentieth century .
The most notable is a significant movement towards providing finely focused risk-management services to the poor , which could ultimately prove to be worth far more than $ 40 billion .
Good fortune and bad fortune alternate randomly , and the poorest people are particularly vulnerable when misfortune -- like a hurricane in a fishing village -- strikes .
Crops are especially vulnerable at certain times , for example , when seeds begin germinating or when bad weather the previous year puts perennials at risk .
Many companies are already involved in offering improved weather insurance to poor farmers , with notable successes from ICICI Lombard and BASIX in India , and from the International Finance Corporation and the insurance company Credo Classic in Ukraine .
But when the ultimate determinants of values today become so dependent on a distant future that we can not see clearly , we may not be able to think clearly , either .
If the government continues to pursue this policy , the salutary effects in terms of public trust in the country 's businesses and institutions will help ensure stable , sustainable economic growth for years to come .
It may sound plausible , but it is hardly conclusive , and , more importantly , it certainly does not tell us that high prices are sustainable .
For example , according to the Case-Shiller Indexes , home prices in the fashionable Cape Cod vacation area in Massachusetts soared 184 % from 1997 to 2005 , compared to the 131 % increase in nearby Boston over the same period .
Being able to afford a vacation home in beautiful surroundings may mean a lot to some people .
The vacation-home boom appears psychologically tied to the urban home-price bubble in many of the world 's `` glamour cities , '' and prices of these vacation homes are similarly vulnerable to a significant drop in coming years .
The error is called the `` money illusion '' -- the belief that a nominal unit of currency is the best measure of value , even though its real value is unstable .
Ben Bernanke , the nominee to replace Alan Greenspan this month as Chairman of the US Federal Reserve Board , is a highly capable economist who has devoted his professional life to understanding the historical role of central banks and the problems that they have faced .
As then floated , the idea was simple : the government would protect people from the risk of losing their job and being unable to find a new one at the same wage .
For example , the US wage insurance program is confined to manufacturing workers over age 50 who are in competitively vulnerable industries and are deemed by the Secretary of Labor to have nontransferable skills .
With this relatively higher trust , China 's government and enterprises are better able to enact and implement strict policies that promote saving and growth .
In the US , widely called `` the land of opportunity , '' the shame of being poor is unbearable , and there are no cultural resources to enable such people to maintain self-esteem , especially when the country is so successful overall .
The Rising Wealth of Nations The new Penn World Table , Version 6.2 , comparing standards of living across countries , has just been released .
Yet these numbers are valuable because they are of exceptional quality and they correct systematically for relative price differences across countries , which sometimes leads to surprising results .
Among the 82 countries for which 2004 data are now available , there has been really good news : real per capita GDP has risen by an average of 18.9 % between 2000 and 2004 , or 4.4 % per year .
After the World Fellows Dinner , the Fellow from Namibia was extolling to me , in impeccable and relaxed English , the beautiful vacation homes I might find -LRB- and even buy -RRB- there .
His goal of building a profitable lending business seems to have reflected his desire to believe in the trustworthiness of his clients .
In fact , some statistical analyses of the correlation between inequality and social conflict conclude that there may even be an inverse relationship : societies that are more unequal tend to show less conflict , because the rich are better able to control the poor .
Employees learned in the experiments that employers largely could be trusted to give such bonuses as a reward for hard work , even though no one could hold them formally accountable if they selfishly refused .
Planned economies were never able to flourish because uncertainty about the future is just too high , something that is best left to the speculators , with the potential of reward if they are right and the disciplining whip of the market if they are wrong .
But there is no generally applicable reason to make aggressive investments in superstar cities .
A bubble occurs when public expectations for future price increases become exaggerated , pushing prices up to unsustainable levels .
If expectations of rapid and steady future price increases are important motivating factors , then the price level is inherently unstable , because prices can not rise forever .
If the relationship between average incomes and house prices is stable , then economic fundamentals clearly have the potential to explain prices .
The increase in housing prices during the 1980 's is now viewed as the veritable model of a boom cycle turned bust . A pattern of sharp price increases , which peaked around 1990 , was followed by declines in cities from Boston and Los Angeles to London , Sydney , and Tokyo , contributing to severe regional recessions .
Australian household debt over the past decade has soared from 55 % to 130 % of personal disposable income .
With the price\/earnings ratio remaining stable and moderate , the stock-market boom does not appear to reflect merely investor psychology .
Newspapers and television commentators have been relentless in reporting the scandals , helping to prove to Brazilians and foreign investors alike that the political system is sufficiently stable to withstand open criticism .
That is , the markets have been more vulnerable to sudden large drops than they have been to sudden large increases .
The entire sub-prime market is largely a decade-old innovation -- the word `` sub-prime '' did not exist in any language before 1994 -- built on such things as option adjustable-rate mortgages -LRB- option-ARM 's -RRB- , new kinds of collateralized debt obligations , and structured investment vehicles .
Effective financial markets enable them to pursue such opportunities despite these constraints by enlisting investors to provide the capital .
The usual explanation of today 's scarcity and high prices focuses on explosive growth in emerging countries , China and India in particular , whose demand for scarce resources is `` insatiable . ''
In 1948 , the astronomer Fred Hoyle said , `` Once a photograph of the Earth , taken from outside , is available -- once the sheer isolation of the earth becomes plain -- a new idea as powerful as any in history will be let loose . ''
More generally , the Internet gives a sense of vastness to the world 's economic activity that was never available before .
Both spirit and the necessary financial institutions must be present to enable `` creative destruction '' - the force Joseph Schumpeter argued sixty years was the engine of capitalist prosperity - to be unleashed .
Whatever the near future holds the multitude of plans now being discussed to deal with this global crisis need to be judged with attention to the elusive and inexplicable effects they might have on confidence .
It becomes increasingly difficult for governments to keep telling their citizens that they ca n't have an affordable home because of land restrictions .
Despite a huge twenty-first century boom in cropland prices in the US that parallels the housing boom of the 2000 's , the average price of a hectare of cropland was still only $ 6,800 in 2008 , according to the US Department of Agriculture , and one could build 10-20 single-family houses surrounded by comfortable-sized lots on this land , or one could build an apartment building housing 300 people .
Of course , such land may not be in desirable locations today , but desirable locations can be created by urban planning .
Many people seem to think that the US experience is not generalizable , because the US has so much land relative to its population .
Farmers will not be able to make a profit operating in some country where land is very expensive , and farmers would give up in those countries unless the price of land fell roughly to world levels , though corrections would have to be made for differing labor costs and other factors .
Indeed , the idea that bubbles exist has become so disreputable in much of the economics and finance profession that bringing them up in an economics seminar is like bringing up astrology to a group of astronomers .
So economists assume that people do indeed use all publicly available information and know , or behave as if they knew , the probabilities of all conceivable future events .
They update these probabilities as soon as new information becomes available , and so any change in their behavior must be attributable to their rational response to genuinely new information .
They live in a world where economic decisions are fundamentally ambiguous , because the future does n't seem to be a mere repetition of a quantifiable past .
A Sustainable Housing Recovery ?
A Sustainable Housing Recovery ?
Housing prices are on a rollercoaster ride , and we may never be able to make complete sense of their movements , other than to understand the volatility that they represent .
A basic fact is often forgotten : the modern construction industry is quite capable of building vast numbers of fine modern homes , including units in high-rise buildings , at costs far below the prices of homes in many urban areas today .
While previously most patentable inventions were produced in laboratories , with business-method patents the rewards for creativity can now motivate all kinds of people throughout a business organization .
Yet , as I argued in a recent book , financial instruments that increase our ability to manage risks that are now regarded as `` non-diversifiable '' would be of great economic importance .
In 1993 , the American Stock Exchange -LRB- AMEX -RRB- expended considerable resources to develop and promote its new concept of an exchange-traded fund -LRB- ETF -RRB- , with its first embodiment as Standard & Poor 's Depository Receipts -LRB- SPDR 's -RRB- .
The label would be designed for those who are less motivated and\/or able to read these prospectuses .
The group recommends that the standardized disclosure should give the consumer an understandable measure of long-term risk .
Not all investors will be able to interpret even these simple measures of the outlook for an investment .
But neither are all consumers of food able to interpret the quantities of nutrients that are shown on nutritional labels .
Two years later , near the very height of the bubbles in the equity and housing markets , he declared that , `` We can be pleased that the economy is on a good and sustainable path . ''
The real reason inflation-indexed bond yields are an interesting economic variable is that they report on a market in which both investors and borrowers know exactly what is coming , in real terms .
The more broadly diversified our financial portfolios , the more people there are who share in the inevitable risks -- and the less an individual is affected by any given risk .
Given wide publicity about international charitable relief efforts and voluntary contributions to Japan , one might think that the country 's economic loss was shared internationally .
They are asking governments to cut expenditure while their economies are still vulnerable .
The Gallup Index dropped sharply between the first week of July and the first week of August -- the period when US political leaders worried everyone that they would be unable to raise the federal government 's debt ceiling and prevent the US from defaulting on August 2 .
The Consumer Sentiment Survey of Americans , created by George Katona at the University of Michigan in the early 1950 's , and known today as the Thomson-Reuters University of Michigan Surveys of Consumers , has included a remarkable question about the reasonably long-term future , five years hence , and asks about visceral fears concerning that period :
In 2002 , Harvey Pitt , the former chairman of the US Securities and Exchange Commission , made a dramatic call for CEOs of US companies with revenues exceeding $ 1.2 billion to sign their financial statements by August 14 , 2002 -- and then be held criminally liable if the statements turn out to be fraudulent .
-LRB- Some media accounts have made Zitzewitz 's estimates appear much larger by taking them as a percent of the most vulnerable mutual funds ' assets , rather than of all mutual funds assets . -RRB-
But no one who looks at the matter seriously can argue that the tremendous inequality between the world 's nations reflects fundamental differences in inherent ability or immutable character .
China has undertaken a nationwide campaign to reduce energy consumption per unit of GDP by 20 % by 2010 , and will hold local officials accountable for achieving the targets .
Moreover , the Chinese have built up wind and solar power so quickly that they have just increased their goal for renewable sources to 15 % of total power generation by 2020 .
The Chinese acknowledge that they enabled Americans to borrow and spend beyond their means by parking China 's massive foreign reserves in US government securities .
In some ways , that is understandable : the US has a war to wage on a tight , self-imposed deadline .
In Pakistan , the Afghan government already has a big , splintered , and nearly ungovernable neighbor .
Although US congressional investigators found no evidence of kickbacks in the contracts , they did find instances of dishonesty and negligence that -- at the very least -- point to the US government 's willingness to overlook questionable practices .
From the Pentagon 's standpoint , however , the contractors did exactly what they were supposed to do : deliver the fuel at a reasonable price .
One lesson should be that a security policy that 's detached from other human concerns is no viable security policy at all .
Seed is also transformed in this way from being a renewable regenerative resource into a non-renewable resource and commodity .
Overnight , Warangal was converted to a cotton-growing district based on non-renewable hybrids that require irrigation and are prone to pest attacks .
But for Tereshkova and other women of her generation , the great Soviet state and the daring achievements of Soviet science were inseparable .
The grand expansion of the Soviet empire enabled humankind 's exploration of the cosmos and its potential expansion beyond Earth .
It is understandable that the collapse of the country , and of the spirit that nurtured Russian intellectuals -- regardless of their political beliefs -- for generations , is unbearable for Tereshkova and people like her .
As China is now able to harness its own technological might to produce sophisticated weapons , Russia 's usefulness in this area is waning fast .
China is far more interested in focusing on the United States , its major trade partner and rival , and on South Asia and Iran , which supplies much of China 's oil and regards it as a more reliable ally than Russia .
It was probably inevitable that Kadyrov 's increasing power would worry the Kremlin , especially after the Kremlin itself created a precedent for secession by recognizing the independence of Abkhazia and South Ossetia of the war with Georgia of 2008 .
That would have pushed Kadyrov even further away from Russian control at a time when the Kremlin has become increasingly unable , and possibly reluctant , to purchase his loyalty .
None of this is easy , but South Africa must now act decisively in order to polish its tarnished image as a responsible regional power . `` Business as usual '' is no longer a viable approach for South African foreign policy .
In Heiligendamm , the G-8 leaders , together with representatives of major emerging economies -LRB- Brazil , Mexico , China , India , and South Africa , who have a critical stake in energy consumption to continue to generate economic growth -RRB- , will discuss a comprehensive approach encompassing a set of energy options , from energy efficiency and renewable energy , to clean coal , carbon capture and storage , and carbon sequestration .
By one estimate , with a long term , predictable , and equitable post-2012 global regulatory framework for curbing greenhouse gas emissions -LRB- when the Kyoto protocol expires -RRB- , carbon markets could develop exponentially and deliver financial flows to developing countries of anywhere between $ 20 and $ 120 billion dollars\/year .
Of this sum , only about half is readily identifiable .
On top of this $ 80 billion gap , developing countries will need another $ 30 billion per year to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions from the power sector alone and get on a low-carbon development path , and $ 10-40 billion dollars more per year to adapt to the already inevitable impact of climate change .
The meeting in Heiligendamm can advance the commitments made at Gleneagles two years ago and bring the world closer to a more sustainable future .
Indeed , reasonable estimates put the number of school-age children who are not attending school at 113 million , with 97 % living in developing countries .
Some research suggested that fees might be useful in decentralizing education -- a laudable goal -- and in helping poor countries to `` live within their means '' -LRB- a nasty requirement in an age of global prosperity -RRB- .
In fact , the policy was a disaster for the world 's most vulnerable children : any out of pocket costs for schooling meant no schooling at all .
The leaders of the G-7 will gather in Evian in a matter of days , looking for common cause and ways to heal a world rent by unspeakable violence .
Poland learned the hard way that demanding change and defying oppression are much less difficult than formulating and delivering a clear , reasonable program for a better future .
Around the table sat improbable allies : some had been prominent officials in Qaddafi 's regime ; others had spent many years in prison under sentence of death .
I was reminded of Poland 's `` roundtable '' in 1989 , when Solidarity sat with the ruling communists to negotiate the end of the regime .
First , Libya 's TNC is the best bet we can make now for Libya 's future . Its leaders are cooperating in an effort to bring about real reform in a way that was unthinkable a few months ago .
They regarded Western democracies as weak -- unwilling or unable to respond to their evil extremism .
EU member states share highly sensitive intelligence and police information as never before , thereby increasing public security while upholding world-class legal and democratic standards . These operational measures have been complemented by carefully calibrated policies that aim to acknowledge social diversity but reduce the political space available for intolerance and bigotry .
In short , far from leading some sort of worldwide Islamist revolution , the violent fanaticism of Al Qaeda and other organizations now resembles a repulsive , but manageable , form of ideological toxic waste .
This is exemplified in very different ways by the murderous killing spree in Norway in July , and now by WikiLeaks ' disgraceful release of huge numbers of unredacted diplomatic cables .
The terrorism threat ten years from now probably will be even more diverse and unpredictable .
The British economist John Maynard Keynes worried that countries would not use sterling to settle trading balances with each other if the pound were not viewed as a reliable store of value .
But the pound had already suffered irreparable damage .
The experience of 1914 implies that a credible alternative can replace an entrenched world currency , especially after an unfavorable balance of trade has weakened it .
After decades of stable enmities , the peoples and nations of the Horn of Africa are learning how to cooperate and align their interests .
So when should a people be able to declare their independence and gain international recognition ? The Palestinians ' decision to take their case to the UN has put this issue on the front burner .
The Inevitable Re-Birth of European Integration
The Inevitable Re-Birth of European Integration ATHENS -- European integration implies successive transfers of national sovereignty to the Union .
In fact , de-politicization is seen to be advisable because it allows for the easy achievement of balances .
By means of extensive reforms to the structure , operation , and decision-making processes of EU institutions , the treaty enhances their effectiveness and enables greater dynamism .
Even in bilateral or regional crises , viable solutions are possible only at the supranational level .
More generally , however the problem of the Irish referendum result is addressed , the EU will gradually acquire its definitive shape on the basis of the ongoing problems that it must address , because as the dimensions of these problems grow , their management will require solid and durable forms of cooperation .
Like any important and novel idea , Garrido 's proposal has aroused considerable debate in Spain .
Recognizing the rights of great apes does not mean that they all must be set free , even those born and bred in zoos , who would be unable to survive in the wild .
Just as some humans are unable to fend for themselves and need others to act as their guardians , so , too , will great apes living in the midst of human communities .
Coincidentally , Kahneman 's article appeared the same week that Buffett announced the largest philanthropic donation in US history -- $ 30 billion to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and another $ 7 billion to other charitable foundations .
But , in that case , he surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that he can now rightly feel at the thought that his hard work and remarkable investment skills will , through the Gates Foundation , help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the world 's poorest people .
Using some remarkable graphs , images , and other information , the film makes a compelling case that our carbon dioxide emissions are causing global warming , or , at the very least , contributing to it , and that we must urgently address the issue .
To see the inequity , I merely have to glance up at the air conditioner that is keeping my office bearable .
If the rich nations pollute the atmosphere with carbon dioxide , causing my crops to fail because of changing rainfall patterns , or my fields are inundated by a rise in the sea level , should n't I also be able to sue ?
The most alarming implication of this mode of genetic selection , however , is that only the rich will be able to afford it .
But avoiding this outcome will not be easy , for it will require that selection for genetic enhancement is either available to no one or accessible to everyone .
After her death , his father , a villager who grows vegetables and gets other work when he can , was unable to care for him , and placed him in an orphanage .
Although Madonna has said that she will bring him back to Malawi to see his father again , he will scarcely be able to feel at home there .
Educating young Malawians , especially girls , and making contraceptives widely available , would do much more to slow population growth than a few inter-country adoptions .
If an incurably ill patient can refuse burdensome treatment , knowing that this refusal will mean his or her death , why should an incurably ill patient who is not being kept alive by any medical treatment , but finds that the illness itself makes life burdensome , be unable to seek assistance in escaping that burden ?
By focusing on the narrower intention to refuse burdensome treatment , rather than the broader implications of the choice , the Roman Catholic Church is able to avoid the inhumane implication that patients must always accept life-prolonging treatment , no matter how painful or costly such treatment may be .
America the Hypocritical In commemorating the 230th anniversary of America 's independence last July , President George W. Bush noted that the patriots of the Revolutionary War believed that all men are created equal , and with inalienable rights .
Last month , a highly reputable source confirmed that the Guantánamo prisoners are suffering from more than indefinite detention .
The US Constitution 's Bill of Rights puts considerable emphasis on that right , specifying in the Sixth Amendment that in all criminal prosecutions , `` the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial , by an impartial jury '' and `` to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation ; to be confronted with the witnesses against him . ''
Are they reliable moral guides ?
Marc Hauser , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what he calls a `` Moral Sense Test , '' available in English , Spanish , and Chinese -LRB-
All of this is part of a larger program that attempts to measure changes in the city 's quality of life , so that the city council can know whether it is taking the community in a desirable direction .
The council wants Port Phillip to be a sustainable community , not merely in an environmental sense , but also in terms of social equity , economic viability , and cultural vitality .
For example , we might reasonably ask whether they pay their fair share of taxes , or inquire about their charitable donations .
It is reasonable to suspect that gold medals now go not to those who are drug-free , but to those who most successfully refine their drug use for maximum enhancement without detection .
Savulescu proposes that instead of trying to detect whether an athlete has taken drugs , we should focus on measurable indications of whether an athlete is risking his or her health .
The constant media focus enabled people to feel that they knew her , and so they followed and cared intensely about her ups and downs , as if she were a member of their own family .
Perhaps that was inevitable . While a single person can arouse our emotions , such feelings tend to be temporary and rarely produce a lasting change in our lives .
Yet in the same issue of The Lancet , Gavin Andrews and Nickolai Titov , researchers at the University of New South Wales , reported that Australians with depression are far less likely to receive an acceptable level of care than patients with arthritis or asthma .
Of course , relaxed and happy people can still become depressed , and stressed and unhappy people may not be depressed , but it is a reasonable hypothesis that happier people are less likely to become depressed .
Now one of the most eminent scientists of our time has blundered much more clumsily into the same minefield , with predictable results .
Controlling for these variables is difficult .
In explaining why it was canceling Watson 's lecture , the Science Museum said that his remarks had gone `` beyond the point of acceptable debate . ''
It then struck a reasonable balance by inviting people who want to learn more about `` the science behind genetics and race '' to attend other upcoming events at the museum .
Those without an acceptable excuse , like illness or travel abroad , must pay a small fine , but the number fined is less than 1 % of eligible voters .
Holding Charities Accountable Suppose you are concerned about children in Africa dying from preventable diseases .
In the United States , that figure is readily available from Charity Navigator , a Web site that has five million users .
This , Karnofsky and Hassenfeld thought , is not a good way to go about charitable work .
The first report on which organizations are most effective at saving or transforming lives in Africa is now available on GiveWell 's Web site ,
By giving charities an incentive to become more transparent and more focused on being demonstrably effective , GiveWell could make our charitable donations do much more good than ever before .
The interests of patients should come first , but when it is dubious that continued treatment is in a patient 's interests and there is no way to find out what the patients wants , or would have wanted , it is reasonable to consider other factors , including the views of the family and the cost to the community .
Pneumonia also has not been able to play its friendly role for 84-year-old Samuel Golubchuk of Winnipeg , Canada , who for years has had limited physical and mental capacities as a result of a brain injury .
Normally , when patients are unable to make decisions about their treatment , the family 's wishes should be given great weight .
It was nevertheless misleading , for the CIA had informed the British that their information was not reliable .
For the 20 years that the patent lasts , they will have a monopoly on the drug 's sale and be able to command a high price .
If drug companies target diseases that affect only people who are unable to pay high prices for drugs , they can not expect to cover their research costs , let alone make a profit .
Hollis and Pogge estimate that about $ 6 billion a year would be required to enable the Fund to provide a sufficient incentive for drug companies to register products that target the diseases of the poor .
Again , Obama has both the background -- with his family ties to Kenya -- and a promising policy , to increase America 's foreign assistance to $ 50 billion by 2012 , using the money to stabilize failing states and bring sustainable growth to Africa .
In place of a president whose only qualification for the office was his father 's name , we now have one whose intelligence and vision overcame the formidable obstacle of being the exotically named son of an African Muslim .
Who would have believed , after the last two elections , that the American public was capable of electing such a candidate ?
Then , having demonstrated his good faith , he and European leaders should be able to work out a deal that will bring China and India into whatever agreement replaces the Kyoto protocol when it expires in 2012 .
It is understandable why , in the midst of an election campaign , a candidate would say that , for , even in the best of times , increasing foreign aid wins few votes in America .
But while any couple would prefer to conceive a child without the intervention of doctors , that option is not available for infertile couples .
Some will find it grotesque to become a mother at an age when most women are grandmothers , but the more significant question is what kind of care such children will have if their parents die or become incapable of rearing them .
Becoming a mother at 70 is more acceptable for someone living in a joint family than it would be for Western couples living in their own home without close relatives or friends nearby .
It is no accident that the `` New World , New Capitalism '' symposium was held in France , where some critics have seen the global financial crisis as necessary and desirable precisely because it is producing this change in values .
Ah yes , in a world in which ten million children die every year from avoidable , poverty-related causes , and greenhouse-gas emissions threaten to create hundreds of millions of climate refugees , we should be visiting Paris boutiques and feeling the clothes .
Fifty years ago , American chicken farmers found that by keeping their birds in sheds they could produce chickens for the table more cheaply and with less work than by traditional farmyard methods .
Although we are capable of deciding what to do on the basis of rational thought processes , such decisions often prove less powerful than our instinctive feelings in moving us to action .
Terrible as that is , it is fewer than the number of children who , according to the United Nations Children 's Fund , UNICEF , die every 10 days from avoidable , poverty-related causes .
Nevertheless , few researchers doubt that what Hwang and his colleagues claimed to do is , in principle , achievable .
But , because fetuses , at least at the stage of development when most abortions are performed , have yet to develop any kind of consciousness , it seems reasonable to regard ending their lives as much less serious than killing a normal human being .
It is reasonable to suppose that the sudden separation was traumatic for Tilly .
Their living conditions are deplorable , especially in traveling circuses where cages have to be small so that they can go on the road .
The most important lesson they teach impressionable young minds is that it is acceptable to keep animals in captivity for human amusement .
If the public will not pay to see them , the businesses that profit from keeping animals captive will not be able to continue .
Today , if you have an Internet connection , you have at your fingertips an amount of information previously available only to those with access to the world 's greatest libraries -- indeed , in most respects what is available through the Internet dwarfs those libraries , and it is incomparably easier to find what you need .
Perhaps because Google has been all about making information more widely available , its collaboration with China 's official Internet censors has been seen as a deep betrayal .
Although the Cuban government has blocked access to the Web site on which the blog is posted , it is available around the world in many languages , and distributed within Cuba on compact disks and flash drives .
By any reasonable definition , it is alive .
One day , we may be able to design bacteria that can quickly , safely , and effectively clean up oil spills .
And , according to Venter , if his team 's new technology had been available last year , it would have been possible to produce a vaccine to protect ourselves against H1N1 influenza in 24 hours , rather than several weeks .
In such circumstances , the admittedly very real risks of synthetic biology seem decisively outweighed by the hope that it may enable us to avert a looming environmental catastrophe .
Why should the fact that you can get away with cheating mean that you are not culpable ?
Fowler did so , but in a manner that enabled the goalkeeper to save it .
He could have set a positive ethical example to people watching all over the world , including the many millions who are young and impressionable .
This , one hopes , will change the attitude of corporations that enrich themselves by paying dictators for the right to extract valuable resources that belong to the whole country .
If we take Mood 's lower estimate of one trillion , the comparable figure for fish is 150 .
Let 's assume that all this fishing is sustainable , though of course it is not .
Her recent book Do Fish Feel Pain ? shows that fish are not only capable of feeling pain , but also are a lot smarter than most people believe .
Whatever the explanation , the evidence is now accumulating that commercial fishing inflicts an unimaginable amount of pain and suffering .
We need to learn how to capture and kill wild fish humanely -- or , if that is not possible , to find less cruel and more sustainable alternatives to eating them .
These pledges , reformulated as specific , measurable targets , became the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDGs -RRB- .
To make sustainable progress in reducing extreme poverty will require improvements in both the quantity and quality of aid .
Paradoxically , resource-rich developing countries are often worse off than comparable countries that lack those resources .
Rebels know that if they succeed , they will gain immense personal wealth , be able to reward those who backed their coup , and have enough arms to keep themselves in power , no matter how badly they rule .
If consumers insist on buying only ethical diamonds , traders might be able to push the demand back to their sources .
Karlan 's research , and the results obtained at stickK , suggests that most people , when they are thinking calmly , have a sense of what is in their interests , but , faced with more immediate temptations , are often unable to keep to their plans .
But Chua , a professor at Yale Law School -LRB- as is her husband -RRB- , lives in a culture in which a child 's self-esteem is considered so fragile that children 's sports teams give `` Most Valuable Player '' awards to every member .
This is the first time that the Security Council has unanimously referred a situation involving human rights violations to the International Criminal Court , and it is remarkable that countries that are not members of the Court -- including the United States , Russia , and China -- nevertheless supported the referral .
The resolution can thus be seen as another incremental step towards the establishment of a global system of justice able to punish those who commit gross violations of human rights , regardless of their political or legal status in their own country .
When Annan became Secretary-General , he urged the development of principles that would indicate when it is justifiable for the international community to intervene to prevent gross violations of human rights .
Assuming that foreign military forces rapidly overwhelmed Qaddafi 's troops , they would soon be able to withdraw and leave the Libyan people to decide their own future .
At the time of writing , it is arguable that other sanctions or threats , short of military intervention , would be sufficient to deter more widespread bloodshed .
Indeed , a digital universal library would be even better than any earlier thinker could have imagined , because every work would be available to everyone , everywhere , at all times .
The central issue is this : how can we make books and articles -- not just snippets , but entire works -- available to everyone , while preserving the rights of the works ' creators ?
Digitizing it would make it available to anyone with Internet access .
If we can put a man on the Moon and sequence the human genome , we should be able to devise something close to a universal digital public library .
Tucker is the founder and president of GeoHazards International , a nonprofit organization whose mission is to reduce death and suffering due to earthquakes in the world 's most vulnerable communities .
They use only local materials , provide a valuable community resource in normal times , and have the potential to save hundreds of thousands of lives when a tsunami strikes .
People are willing to donate hundreds of millions of dollars to help people after a disaster -- even after a disaster in a wealthy country like Japan -- but are unwilling to invest anything like the same amount to save lives before a predictable disaster strikes .
But the core of the argument comes in the first 400 pages , which is not an insurmountable challenge for the intellectually curious -- particularly given that Parfit , in the best tradition of English-language philosophy , always strives for lucidity , never using obscure words where simple ones will do .
PRINCETON -- Mahatma Gandhi acutely observed that `` the greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated . '' To seek to reduce the suffering of those who are completely under one 's domination , and unable to fight back , is truly a mark of a civilized society .
The sickening footage available online shows bears kept in cages so small that they can not stand up , or in some cases move at all , so that bile can be taken from them .
In this area , Western countries have set a deplorable example .
There remain many other countries with deplorable animal-welfare standards .
Instead , `` performance capture technology , '' originally invented for the movie Avatar , enables a human actor , Andy Serkis , to play the role of the chimpanzee Caesar , not by dressing in a chimp suit , but by having every gesture and facial movement , even the twitch of an eyebrow , transformed into the movement of an ape .
Wyatt 's reluctance to join in the exploitation of great apes is understandable , given that the film itself tells the story of apes rising up in response to oppression from dominant humans .
In 1993 , Paola Cavalieri and I founded The Great Ape Project , an organization dedicated to the idea of recognizing that great apes have a moral status befitting their nature as self-aware beings who are capable of thought and have rich and deep emotional lives .
No embryos are capable of suffering , or have hopes or desires for the future that are abruptly cut off by their death .
Other moralists will say that the difference between destroying embryos for research purposes and killing civilians in military attacks is that the former is deliberate killing , whereas the latter deaths are `` collateral damage '' -- unintended , if foreseeable , side-effects of a justifiable act of war .
Nevertheless , the doctrine that it is acceptable to take actions that will foreseeably kill innocent people can have the effect of leading us to treat more lightly than we should the deaths of those killed .
Transnational terrorism threatens liberal democracies most of all , and India , the world 's most populous democracy , sees itself as particularly vulnerable .
Following World Wars I and II , the European powers and the United States sat around distant tables and fabricated frontiers , giving birth to Iraq , Israel , Kuwait , Jordan , and Saudi Arabia -- and thus to most of the of the Middle East 's current ills .
The consequences of partition , however , remain : Pakistan has not yet been able to evolve an administratively credible government .
Egypt , in the great Bengali poet Rabindranath Tagore 's memorable words , is the land `` where the head is -LRB- now -RRB- held high and the mind is -LRB- now -RRB- without fear ... '' The consequences will be vast .
Decades-old , apparently immovable autocracies are finding their hold on power unhinged ; change is invading their static environs .
But the thread that united all , the theme that remained unerringly constant , was the yearning for `` change '' -- immediate , real , and tangible , not a promise or a tantalizing , unreachable mirage .
That strategic nightmare cost Israel and the US their closest ally in the region , one that was soon transformed into an implacable enemy .
This year 's heavy monsoon rains have wrought havoc in the area , severing road connections , washing away bridges , and rendering over half a million people homeless in these mountains -- without `` dwellings , farmlands , moveable assets , '' or even `` graveyards . ''
This is over and above the many thousands in the Hunza region , who in January lost everything on account of a cloudburst that wiped out several villages and created a highly unstable artificial lake .
An assertive and relatively stable China , it seems , must expand , lest pent-up internal pressures tear it apart .
A strong and stable India , on the other hand , will always be a status quo power .
Bilateral economic , trade , and currency disagreements may not be as bitter as they are between the US and China , but they are thorny , and lack of resolution is making them more intractable .
Ours is an unstable neighborhood , one that America has entered without fully understanding the consequences -- for India and for the neighborhood .
Both leaders must accept that history is destiny , and that the irrefutable logic of geography is a determinant of it .
This is the only relevant and reliable guide in meeting the region 's complex challenges .
Not surprisingly , given the Americans ' deeply ingrained suspicion , the agreement reached earlier this year between Iran and Turkey and Brazil to allow for the export of low-enriched uranium from Iran in return for fuel rods was `` not acceptable '' to the US .
Even if Iranian nuclear weapons are not acceptable to the US , President Barack Obama needs to start talking more openly about what is .
Ahmadinejad may bluster , but there is usually considerable ambiguity and calculation behind his outbursts .
But it also sees itself as vulnerable .
A policy of partial , delayed integration is preferable to quotas , not only in view of the Treaty of Rome but also on economic grounds .
Partially delayed integration rather than transition periods or quotas is a market-oriented solution that can maintain Europe 's welfare states and enable it to grow and develop to its true potential .
It results in mass unemployment that is inefficient and financially unsustainable .
Thus , the Scandinavian way is more than a mere accounting trick , but it is also less than a truly recommendable strategy for coping with the challenges of globalization .
First , all polluters must sit at the negotiating table and be forced or induced to participate in reducing pollution .
The bad news is that this is unlikely to happen in the foreseeable future , and that the owners of natural resources will therefore make every attempt to extract their resources and thus pump the fossil carbon into the atmosphere before the UN finds a way out of this impasse .
Not until Margaret Thatcher broke their power was the country able to breathe freely and renew itself .
The German train drivers ' wage demands demonstrate that the privatization of former state-owned operations carries considerable risks for Germany 's labor market , because how those demands are resolved will determine whether Germany will move in the direction of unions based on trades .
But is it really a wise and ethically acceptable strategy to burn food rather than eat it ?
This is not sustainable .
Similarly , to cultivate bio-fuels on land that would otherwise be used to produce sustainable construction materials would drive up the prices of these materials and encourage their substitution by non-sustainable materials like concrete and steel .
This may be unobjectionable on ethical and social-policy grounds , but it certainly would not help the environment .
Only producing bio-fuels without the use of additional land is justifiable in terms of environmental and social policy .
The mortgage-backed securities that US banks succeeded in selling to the world are not comparable to European assets with similar names .
Only US stock market prices have remained relatively stable .
While constraints are a good idea , it is understandable that EU governments do not like them .
The immigration waves of the last two years to Britain , Spain , and Italy will have significantly changed these figures , but the information needed to update the statistics is not yet available .
This immigration is not an invasioni barbariche , as Italians refer to the Völkerwanderung , although the orders of magnitude are comparable .
In Italy , the share is just 11 % -- the lowest in the available statistics .
With all this discouraging news , it is little comfort that some areas of the world are still displaying considerable growth rates : China is expected to grow by 9.5 % this year and in 2009 , with India growing by 8 % , Russia up by 6.5 % , owing to higher oil prices , and Latin America growing by 4.5 % on average during this period .
The German construction industry and retailing are still stable , as the latest survey of the Ifo Institute shows , and the whole world is profiting from this stability , as Germany is the second largest importer of goods and services after the US .
Many now fear that these huge infusions of cash will make inflation inevitable .
If the underlying price trend is added to this , it is easily understandable why inflation rates are currently coming down everywhere .
Indeed , Germany 's generous unemployment insurance policies ensure that people are able to maintain their consumption standards even if they lose their jobs .
Germany even has short-time allowances that enable companies to reduce their employees ' working hours , with the loss in earnings partly reimbursed by the state .
A normal German household is not on its last financial legs , and is therefore able to compensate for income losses by adjusting its savings .
Whereas German exports are falling at an annual rate of 20 % , the portion of imports that does not consist of intermediate products for export goods is stable , helping the world as a whole .
Yet China will undoubtedly become the world 's largest economic power in the foreseeable future .
Even in 2008 , the US was able to attract net capital inflows of $ 808 billion .
This enabled US banks to profit by offering low rates of return to foreign lenders while forcing foreign borrowers to accept high interest rates .
And according to an NBER working paper by Efraim Benmelech and Jennifer Dlugosz , 70 % of the CDOs received a triple-A rating even though the MBSs from which they were constructed had just a B + rating , on average , which would have made them unmarketable .
None of the financial institutions that structure CDOs is directly liable for the repayments they promise ; nor are the banks and brokers that originate the mortgages or create MBSs based on them .
Only the homeowners are liable .
However , the holder of a CDO or MBS would be unable to take these homeowners to court . And even if he succeeded , homeowners could simply return their house keys , as they , too , enjoy the protection of non-recourse .
As home prices declined and one-third of US mortgage loans went under water -- that is , the property 's market value sank below the amount of the loan -- three million US homeowners lost their homes , unable to meet their payment obligations , making the CDOs and MBSs empty shells .
The problem is not only the premium itself , but the imminent risk that Greece will not be able to find the ¤ 53 billion it needs to service its debt falling due in 2010 , let alone the estimated additional ¤ 30 billion to finance the new debt resulting from its projected budget deficit .
Today , no official figure on the budget deficit in 1999 , the year on which the EU based its decision about Greece 's entry , is available .
Indeed , the official figures were so unreliable that Eurostat felt forced to express `` reservation on the data reported by Greece due to significant uncertainties over the figures notified by the Greek statistical authorities '' -- a stiff rebuke in bureaucratic language .
According to OECD statistics , pensions in Greece , available after only 15 years of work , reach an incredible 111 % of average net incomes .
Of course , the EU countries could leave Greece to the mercy of the International Monetary Fund , which is willing and able to help -- conditional on the government 's implementation of a strict austerity program .
On the contrary , Article 125 of the Maastricht Treaty explicitly excludes bailouts , stating that neither the Union nor its member states are liable for the commitments of EU governments .
The first is unbearable for the more stable EU countries , because it would deprive them of their wealth and suck them into a dangerous fiscal maelstrom .
The second would lead to even more riots in the streets of Greece , with unforeseeable political consequences .
As all the possible options are bad , the situation qualifies as a veritable Greek tragedy such as those hitherto seen only on stage .
While that would stimulate inward tourism and real-estate sales , what sounds easy and manageable to the layman would in fact be the most problematic solution for Greece , because it would add fuel to internal protests to a point that could destabilize the eastern Mediterranean .
The country would then have been unable to price itself out of the market through an artificial debt-financed boom .
Loans would be provided by other EU countries if necessary , taking the form of covered state bonds collateralized with privatizable state assets .
In order to prevent sinners from getting caught in a debt trap , the fines could take the form of covered bonds collateralized with privatizable state assets .
Moreover , the stability provided by the Franco-German axis is indispensable for Europe .
The main problem is that the flow of foreign credit has been impaired because US mortgage-backed securities and the derivatives based on them have become nearly unsellable everywhere .
That nerves are now on end in America is perfectly understandable .
The unwillingness of the Chinese to consume enabled Americans to build new houses for many years on borrowed money and to maintain a level of consumption that the US economy was unable to finance on its own .
Nevertheless , China helped the US to achieve a higher standard of living by making money available to government authorities that would otherwise have had to come from American taxpayers .
Given this history , it is a bit shabby to reproach China now for its exchange-rate policy -- a policy that enabled the US to live beyond its means for so long .
The US wanted the Chinese money , but it was not prepared to offer anything more than structured securities of questionable creditworthiness , as well as government paper that is now clearly exposed to the risk of inflation and devaluation .
The Europeans wanted to achieve their goal through , among other means , further environmental protection and more social cohesion -- desirable aims , but certainly not growth strategies .
It is emblematic of the laxity with which the Stability and Growth Pact was pursued that Greece was able to join the euro through plain fraud , claiming that its deficit ratio was below the 3 % - of-GDP threshold when it was , in fact , far above it .
But no matter , Greece was already in -- and willing and able to take its fellow EU members hostage .
In view of the foreseeable demographic risks from pension entitlements , a time bomb may now have been set ticking .
In fact , international markets have not financed any of them to a considerable extent for the past three years ; the European Central Bank has .
The ECB bailout program has enabled the people of the peripheral countries to continue to live beyond their means , and well-heeled asset holders to take their wealth elsewhere .
Without the additional money that GIPS central banks created in excess of their countries ' requirements for internal circulation , trade deficits could not have been sustained , and the GIPS ' commercial banks would have been unable to prop up asset prices -LRB- which all too often were those of government bonds -RRB- .
Eventually , these debts will become unsustainable .
The good news is that Germany 's overblown conglomerates are being scaled down to an efficient size and that the capital market is able to do its job , improving the allocation of resources .
The German Bundesbank , which was forced to buy most of the bonds , strongly opposed the program , but was unable to stop it .
Italy was stable and did not seem to need the printing press to solve its financial problems .
In essence , Germany and Italy traded Target claims against marketable assets .
A favorable assessment can not rest on the fact that the overall German value-added in exports has been growing because this is simply an effect of the German specialization in export-related production .
As a result , these labor-intensive sectors must release a lot of labor and capital , which push into the capital-intensive export sectors that are better able to cope with high wages . But , while these sectors therefore grow especially fast , their high capital intensity means that they can not fully employ the released labor , with the result that some of the unemployed workers have nowhere to turn but the welfare state .
Instead , the welfare state must make its services available to him .
Only `` unreasonable '' claims may be refused , but the state will bear the burden of proving unreasonableness .
When the five years of legal residence are completed , an immigrant automatically gains the inalienable right to permanent residence .
As no West European state wants welfare immigration , and because they are unable to discriminate between nationals and EU immigrants , they will begin to reduce their services .
These three trends overlap in a group of about 15 African countries that are strongly committed to accountable governance and sensible economic policies .
But the challenges are enormous , and we will be unable to meet them without strong international support to help rebuild schools and clinics , put children back in school , and provide the foundation for vibrant private-sector growth .
The document , `` Al-Qaeda In Southeast Asia : The Case Of The `` Ngruki Network , '' is an exhaustive review of reliable public data , and identifies a handful of individuals with possible direct or indirect links with Al-Qaeda .
Paul Wolfowitz , Deputy Secretary of Defense and former US Ambassador to Indonesia , said that the US must bring new seriousness to helping Indonesia in its quest to secure a stable democracy and prosperous economy .
But capital controls are not the only variable that determines financial openness .
But even if capital controls could still fully insulate a country from the forces of financial globalization , such a goal would not be desirable .
One conclusion , therefore , is for countries to be cautious about removing capital controls when they have not yet reached the relevant `` safety '' thresholds , but equally to stress the sizable net benefits for countries that exceed the thresholds .
Indeed , several large oil exporters and Asian manufacturing exporters will have sizable surpluses for as long as we can forecast .
The previously fashionable view that the American seizure of Iraqi oil resources would break OPEC and send the price of oil plummeting has turned out to be nonsense .
With the American economy now recovering strongly , the price of oil should stay high , or even rise further , in the foreseeable future .
This will enable low real interest rates , which -LRB- together with bank reform -RRB- is the main condition for the growth of small and medium-sized enterprises needed to diversify the economic structure and ensure a more stable pattern of growth .
Recently , a French diplomatic cable relating a conversation on September 2 between the French ambassador to Afghanistan , Francois Fitou , and his British colleague , Sherard Cowper-Coles , was leaked in Le Canard Enchainé , a French satirical magazine .
The only realistic policy would be to cultivate an `` acceptable dictator . ''
The departing commander of British forces in Afghanistan , Brigadier Mark Carleton-Smith , has claimed that defeating the Taliban was `` neither feasible nor supportable . ''
Have they suddenly remembered the unsustainable cost of fighting asymmetric conflicts ?
Theological language that might have decried the credit crunch as the `` wages of sin , '' a come-uppance for prodigious profligacy , has become unusable .
The result was a global explosion of `` Ponzi '' finance -- named after the notorious Italian-American swindler Charles Ponzi -- which purported to make such paper as safe and valuable as houses .
Future events could now be decomposed into calculable risks , and strategies and instruments could be developed to satisfy the full range of `` risk preferences . ''
As long as we rely on technical fixes to plug moral gaps and governments rush in with rescue packages that enable the merry-go-round to start up again , we are bound to keep lurching from frenzy to frenzy , punctuated by intervals of collapse .
Because the owner wo n't be able to get a good price for a good car , he wo n't place good cars on the market .
There are various ways to `` equalize '' the information available -- for example , warranties for used cars and medical certificates for insurance .
They agree with the mainstream that there is perfect information available somewhere out there , including perfect knowledge about how the different parts of the economy fit together .
-LRB- Schumpeter himself wrote a huge , largely unreadable book , with that title in 1939 . -RRB-
But competitive pressures and the long gestation period of fixed-capital outlays multiply optimism , leading to more investment being undertaken than is actually profitable .
Such over-investment produces an inevitable collapse .
Banks magnify the boom by making credit too easily available , and they exacerbate the bust by withdrawing it too abruptly .
Like his contemporary , Schumpeter , Robertson regarded these boom-bust cycles , which involved both the creation of new capital and the destruction of old capital , as inseparable from progress .
The more corrupt the system of capitalism , the more vulnerable it is to attack .
Forecasting models , based on `` normal distributions '' of risk over short slices of recent time , are notoriously incapable of capturing the real amount of risk in a political system .
Despite the depredations of his family , enough Indonesians did so over the next 30 years to make his rule seem exceptionally stable -- until the East Asian financial crisis of 1997-1998 sent the Indonesian economy into a tailspin , triggering violent riots that forced Suharto out .
Similarly , few regimes seemed more stable than that of the Shah of Iran , another long-term ruler , who , having bankrupted his country , was forced to flee the fury of a mob in 1979 .
They appear immovable until the moment they are evicted by popular anger .
The Security Council has the power to defer the warrant for Bashir 's arrest for renewable periods of one year .
Such conjunctures create what the author Nassim Nicholas Taleb calls `` Black Swans '' -- unpredictable events with a vast impact .
This East Asian `` savings glut '' enabled a debt-fuelled consumption glut in the US , Britain , and much of the Western world .
But the marriage between Chinese savings and American consumption had a fatal flaw : it created non-repayable debts .
Ultra-cheap money produced a surge in sub-prime mortgage lending -- a market that collapsed when interest rates increased steadily after 2005 , reaching 5 % . The financial crisis of 2008 was the start of a highly painful , but inevitable , process of de-leveraging .
Although precipitated by local conditions , the Thatcher -LRB- or more broadly the Thatcher-Reagan -RRB- revolution became an instantly recognizable global brand for a set of ideas that inspired policies to free markets from government interference .
It is held culpable for the near financial meltdown .
But 30 years of hindsight enable us to judge which elements of the Thatcher revolution should be preserved , and which should be amended in the light of today 's global economic downturn .
Most obviously in need of amendment is the view that minimally managed and regulated markets are both more stable and more dynamic than those subject to extensive government intervention .
The record shows that the period 1950-1973 , when government intervention in market economies was at its peacetime height , was uniquely successful economically , with no global recessions and faster rates of GDP growth -- and growth of GDP per capita -- than in any comparable period before or since .
But perfect markets are no more available than perfect governments .
Against these formidable minuses are three pluses .
As long as central government takes responsibility for maintaining a high and stable level of employment , Keynes thought , most of the rest of economic life can be left free of official interference .
Africa , it was fashionable to say , would catch up only if it deregulated its economies and embraced export-led growth like the `` miracle '' economies of East Asia .
Considerable evidence indicates that integration could be beneficial for Africa as well , given a framework suitable for African conditions .
The inescapable information deficit obstructs all those smoothly working adjustment mechanisms -- i.e. , flexible wages and flexible interest rates -- posited by mainstream economic theory .
Today , that first lesson appears to have been learned : various bailout and stimulus packages have stimulated depressed economies sufficiently for us to have a reasonable expectation that the worst of the slump is over .
This would enable capital buffers to be created in good years , which could then be drawn down in bad years .
Although regulators now place their faith in `` macro-prudential '' models to manage `` systemic '' risk , rather than leaving financial institutions to manage their own risks , both sides lumber on in the untenable belief that all risk is measurable -LRB- and therefore controllable -RRB- , ignoring Keynes 's crucial distinction between `` risk '' and `` uncertainty . ''
So Russia 's political system will probably remain autocratic for the foreseeable future , with a facade of democracy .
Nevertheless , Russia may be able to develop , out of its own spiritual and cultural resources , an attractive alternative to both the American and European models , provided it achieves long run economic success .
The Gaullist dream of creating an independent power center never succeeded , but the role of `` awkward partner '' has given a distinctive flavor to French diplomacy , and it may be equally viable for a shrunken , proud , but no longer hegemonic Russia .
A `` nation '' is , at root , an ethno-linguistic -- occasionally religious -- entity , and because it is through language and liturgy that culture is transmitted , each nation will have its own distinctive cultural history , available for use and misuse , invention and discovery .
The state , however , is a political construction , designed to keep the peace in an economically viable territory .
A more sensible view is that today 's economy is not producing as much as it could and that there are many more people who want to work than there are jobs available .
Cochrane accuses Krugman of misleading his readers about the efficient market theory , which asserts that , given the available information , financial markets always get asset prices right .
Rather than defend that theory , Cochrane admits that `` asset prices move more than reasonable expectations of future cash flows . '' Unfortunately , `` no theory is particularly good at that right now . ''
Hence , as he put it in 1932 , there may be `` no escape from prolonged and perhaps interminable depression except by direct state intervention to promote and subsidize new investment '' -- which is what the Obama administration is rightly doing .
This makes for considerable stability in markets as long as the conventions hold .
It is reasonable behavior in the face of uncertainty .
Chicago School economics has never been more vulnerable than it is today -- and deservedly so .
Keynes 's prediction rested on the assumption that , with a 2 % annual increase in capital , a 1 % increase in productivity , and a stable population , average standards of living would rise eight times on average .
This enables us to work out how much Keynes thought was `` enough . '' GDP per head in the United Kingdom in the late 1920 's -LRB- before the 1929 crash -RRB- was roughly £ 5,200 -LRB- $ 8,700 -RRB- in today 's value .
Accordingly , he estimated that a GDP per capita of roughly £ 40,000 -LRB- $ 66,000 -RRB- would be `` enough '' for humans to turn their attention to more agreeable things .
But it is equally unlikely that this achievement will end the insatiable hunt for more money . Let 's assume , cautiously , that we are two-thirds of the way towards Keynes 's target .
This makes it highly improbable that we will reach the three-hour working day by 2030 .
He recognized that there are two kinds of needs , absolute and relative , and that the latter may be insatiable .
Keynes did not entirely ignore the social character of work . `` It will remain reasonable , '' he wrote , `` to be economically purposive for others after it has ceased to be reasonable for oneself . ''
Unexceptionable principles , one might say .
There is nothing inevitable about the disappearance of trust .
The law , for example , could be used to favor institutions -LRB- like the family -RRB- that incubate commitment , and to decentralize decision-making to the maximum practicable extent .
The main part of the banking system was able to take risks without having to foot the bill for failure .
Public anger apart , such a system is untenable .
Such proposed solutions assume that regulators will be able to identify excess risks , prevent banks from manipulating the regulations , resist political pressure to leave the banks alone , and impose controversial corrective measures `` that will be too complicated to defend in public . ''
This , he thought , was due to too many facts in the modern world having become too horrible , or unpalatable , to be stated clearly .
Political correctness is another aspect of this : calling disabled people `` differently abled , '' for example .
Lousy language ... conceals the effects of real power and capacity , real wealth and influences . '' It enables deep inequality to happen more easily .
For emerging market countries , where the surge in capital inflows has led to fears of inflation and asset price bubbles , a pragmatic approach using a combination of macroeconomic and prudential financial policies is available . ''
So three things are needed : governments must -LRB- 1 -RRB- cut their deficits gradually in a believable way , -LRB- 2 -RRB- keep enough spending going to compensate for increased saving in the private sector , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- press on with bank regulation .
Moral criticisms of the market focus on its tendency to favor a morally deficient character type , to privilege disagreeable motives , and to promote undesirable outcomes .
While the market today has no serious challenger , it is morally vulnerable .
Keynes thought that the chief implicit assumption underlying the classical theory of the economy was that of perfect knowledge . `` Risks , '' he wrote , `` were supposed to be capable of an exact actuarial computation .
The calculus of probability ... was supposed to be capable of reducing uncertainty to the same calculable status as certainty itself ... ''
For Keynes , this is untenable : `` Actually ... we have as a rule only the vaguest idea of any but the most direct consequences of our acts . '' This made investment , which is always a bet on the future , dependent on fluctuating states of confidence .
Financial markets , through which investment is made , were always liable to collapse when something happened to disturb business confidence .
Therefore , market economies were inherently unstable .
But he did think that , without external stimulus , recovery from the lowest point would be slow , uncertain , weak , and liable to relapse .
The trouble is that the current crisis finds governments intellectually disabled , because their theory of the economy is a mess .
Finally , the two events saw the emergence of two rival political courts , each exuding the faint but unmistakable odor of a looming conflict .
As Medvedev pointed out , a raw materials-based economy is always vulnerable to volatile commodity prices .
The Kremlin 's chief ideologist , Vladislav Surkov , has suggested that full democracy presupposes `` democracy in the head , '' implying that this desirable mental condition was still a long way off in Russia .
Putin is the strong leader of a weak state , which , lacking a mobilizing or feedback mechanism , is incapable of carrying out a modernizing project .
Does its history and geography give it a distinctive Eurasian outlook capable of mediating a potential clash between Western and Eastern civilizations , or between Christianity and Islam ?
A `` substitution account , '' housed at the IMF , would enable countries to convert their existing reserve holdings into SDRs .
In response to deflationary pressure , Fisher 's plan would have enabled banks to draw down their reserves and thus , supposedly , increase their lending -LRB- or create deposits -RRB- .
It was only in the eighteenth century that greed became morally respectable .
The evidence suggests that economies would be more stable and citizens happier if wealth and income were more evenly distributed .
Most non-Western peoples rely upon the ruler 's personal virtues , not institutional limits on his power , to make their lives tolerable .
If we want to hold fast to any vision of progress , this is an indispensable role , and only America can play it today .
The bailout fund created last year by the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank to enable Greece and other distressed sovereigns , like Ireland and now Portugal , does exactly that , but on the condition that they implement austerity programs to eliminate their deficits over a short period of time .
This would be a reasonable conclusion if financial markets always , or even usually , priced assets correctly .
This is not to deny that some governments have been living beyond their means , and that shorting their debt is how financial markets hold them accountable .
So the challenge now is to formulate policies to provide work for all who want it in economies that , as currently organized , may not be able to do so .
Then we would require only a certain amount of work -- much less than we perform now -- to satisfy all reasonable needs .
Most free societies accept such limits as reasonable .
By contrast , the pressure for `` political correctness '' rests on the argument that the truth is unknowable .
A classic example is the way that `` family '' has replaced `` marriage '' in public discourse , with the implication that all `` lifestyles '' are equally valuable , despite the fact that most people persist in wanting to get married .
Similarly , before the introduction of limited liability in the nineteenth century , a company 's shareholders or partners were each liable for all of the firm 's debts , which severely restricted businesses ' willingness to borrow to finance trade .
In their exhaustive historical review of financial crises , Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff write : `` Again and again , countries , banks , individuals , and firms take on excessive debt in good times without enough awareness of the risks that will follow when the inevitable recession hits . ''
The hope is that the reduction in borrowing costs on new loans , plus the austerity programs promised by governments , will enable bond prices to recover to par without the need for the creditor banks to take a hit .
In the Treaty of Versailles , the victorious Allies insisted that Germany should pay for `` the cost of the war . '' They added up the figures , and in 1921 they presented the bill : Germany `` owed '' the victors £ 6.6 billion -LRB- 85 % of its GDP -RRB- , payable in 30 annual installments .
New bond issues , following a big debt write-down in 1924 -LRB- the Dawes Plan -RRB- , enabled Germany to borrow the money to resume payments .
He made three main points : Germany did n't have the capacity to pay were it to regain anything like a normal standard of living ; any attempt to force it to reduce its standard of living would produce revolution ; and to the extent that Germany was able to increase its exports to pay reparations , this would be at the expense of the recipients ' exports .
Reflecting the freebooting financial zeitgeist that prevailed at the time , the International Monetary Fund declared in 2006 that `` the dispersion of credit risk by banks to a broader and more diverse group of investors ... has helped make the banking and overall financial system more resilient ... '' As a result , `` the commercial banks may be less vulnerable to ... shocks . ''
This is inevitable , because , as John Maynard Keynes pointed out , the `` riskiness '' of many investments , being subject to inherent uncertainty , is immeasurable .
But scientists themselves are partly responsible , because they have hardened uncertainties into probabilities , treated disputable propositions as matters of fact , and attacked dissent as heresy .
This new international group would possess a formidable military capacity , based partly on NATO and partly on a `` new quadrilateral security partnership '' in the Pacific between Australia , India , Japan , and the US .
The League is necessary , argues McCain , because in matters vital to the US , such as fighting Islamic terrorism , humanitarian intervention , and spreading liberty , democracy , and free markets , the US and its democratic partners must be able to act without permission from the United Nations -LRB- i.e. , from Russia and China -RRB- .
Finally , the idea is impracticable .
A reasonable generalization from this rather small sample would be that `` prosperous and constitutional democracies tend to live in peace with each other . ''
The UN was created under rules designed to enable states of different political colors to live together .
The US is frustrated by not being able to get its way at the UN .
At issue here is the oldest unresolved dilemma in economics : are market economies `` naturally '' stable or do they need to be stabilized by policy ?
The neo-classical revolution believed that markets were much more cyclically stable than Keynes believed , that the risks in all market transactions can be known in advance , and that prices will therefore always reflect objective probabilities .
Outside China and India , whose economic potential was unleashed by market economics , economic growth was faster and much more stable in the Keynesian golden age than in the age of Friedman ; its fruits were more equitably distributed ; social cohesion and moral habits better maintained .
Today 's `` new classical economics '' abstracted from the problem of uncertainty by assuming that it could be reduced to measurable -LRB- or hedgeable -RRB- risk .
As Charles Morris wrote : `` Intellectuals are reliable lagging indicators , near-infallible guides to what used to be true . ''
It was the only suitable end to the road begun in 1968 under the monument of Mickiewicz .
The `` Roundtable '' talks to change the political system could begin .
Yet the Roundtable compromise turned out to be good even for them , as communist `` reformers '' began to build new careers in business and politics -LRB- one , Aleksander Kwa?niewski , became Poland 's second democratically elected president -RRB- .
The Roundtable also provided the Communists with a sense of safety that diminished their fear of democratic change .
In a few months , talks between Communist bosses and their democratic opponents -LRB- often in the form of a roundtable -RRB- paved the way to free elections and new democratic governments in Budapest , Prague , East Berlin , and Sofia .
But the Roundtable talks in Warsaw 20 years ago this month is where the Iron Curtain began to be dismantled .
If it does , Pakistan 's lawyers will be able to return to the courtrooms , and Pakistani citizens will have another chance to make democracy work .
A strengthening of the IMF was agreed after the Asian crisis in the 1990 's , and the G-7 summit in Cologne in 1999 mandated the Fund to play a strong surveillance role to ensure greater transparency and encourage early adjustment by countries with unsustainable balance-of-payments positions .
Moreover , the IMF has not succeeded in convincing countries to pursue macroeconomic policies consistent with sustainable current-account positions .
The accumulation of large surpluses , especially in emerging Asian economies and oil-exporting countries , enabled the US to finance its current-account deficit .
For example , the Fund has been unable to complete a surveillance program with China for three years .
This spurred an unsustainable consumption boom , as well as unwarranted risk-taking by consumers and financial institutions , which contributed to the large distortions and bubbles in global financial markets that were the preconditions for the current crisis .
This might be appropriate in times of systemic crisis , but it is not sustainable in normal times .
A viable international financial system requires a mechanism to keep imbalances in check .
The fact is that any piece of legislation purporting to embody human rights is entirely vulnerable to a political system in which parliament is supreme .
The Limits of Energy Innovation Winnipeg -- President Barack Obama has promised an energy revolution in the world 's largest economy , with renewable sources of power and `` green '' technologies breaking America 's -- and ultimately the world 's -- dependence on conventional fuels .
The fundamental difference between traditional and modern uses of energy consists not in access to new or better energy resources , but in the invention and mass deployment of efficient , affordable , reliable , and convenient `` prime movers , '' devices that convert primary energies into mechanical power , electricity , or heat .
A fundamental break with this millennia-long pattern came only with widespread adoption of the first practical mechanical prime mover able to convert the heat of fuel combustion -- James Watt 's improved steam engine , designed in the 1780 's .
Indeed , for the next five to ten years , Russia will be able to fulfill its gas contracts in Europe only by monopolizing exports of gas to Europe from Kazakhstan , Turkmenistan , and Uzbekistan .
Russia must be convinced that its resources will be far more valuable if they are opened to international investment , managed transparently , and operated according to the legal and commercial rules of the international trading system .
The process of differentiation -- inevitable to some extent , given the number and the diversity of member states -- is also reinforced by the attitude of the new entrants .
This is understandable , given the scope of enlargement and the need for an internal transformation of the Union .
Will a President Kerry really be able to rally allies to America 's side ?
Actually , Germany , like most European countries , is politically and logistically unable to send meaningful military forces to Iraq .
But there is a second , more fundamental , part to any viable compromise : a redefinition of transatlantic relations .
Regulators might consider imposing pro-cyclical equity requirements -- increasing the equity percentage in boom times in order to offset losses in the inevitable bust times .
If such a contingent-capital structure had been in place before the crisis , troubled banks would have been recapitalized by the contingent debt holders while avoiding the complications and legal posturing inevitable in formal bankruptcy .
He is the only viable rival candidate for President Megawati 's job , and would be the man to step into the presidential palace should she be removed .
Right now , this decentralization process is manageable .
There are , of course , specific , identifiable dangers , but what worries us most about terrorism , for example , is its unpredictable nature . What is most disturbing about the economy these days is its volatility -- in other words , the inability of our institutions to protect us from extreme financial uncertainty .
Not surprisingly , a contagious globalization that increases vulnerability inevitably triggers preventive and defensive strategies that are not always proportionate or reasonable . The xenophobia and chauvinism that some of the defensive strategies can awaken may end up doing more harm than the threats from which they were intended to protect us .
We must learn a new grammar of power in a world that is made up more of the common good -- or the common bad -- than of self-interest or national interest . These have n't disappeared , of course , but they are proving to be indefensible outside of a framework capable of addressing common threats and opportunities .
Despite our growing interconnectedness , the UN Security Council has not yet been unable to achieve sufficient consensus to resolve pressing matters such as Syria .
Owing mainly to its environmentally negative externalities , an unregulated energy market is not a useful governing mechanism , because it is unable to internalize the environmental costs .
We also have a considerable number of new instruments in the area of justice and home affairs .
The EU 's joint civilian-military approach makes us flexible and able to offer tailor-made solutions to complex problems .
For the first time , precise reference is made to people liable to be a threat to US security .
Military action can not be considered the only variable of success .
Obama 's new National Security Strategy shows a political willingness to back an international order able to tackle these challenges .
This recognition raised expectations for the G-20 and granted it the prestige that it deserved : it is the only forum in which world powers and emerging countries sit as equals at the same table .
The premise is clear : as the crisis made more evident than ever , the interdependence of countries is inescapable .
Obviously , holding a G-8 summit just before a G-20 summit , as happened in Canada this June , simply serves to prolong maintenance of separate clubs , which is unsustainable .
Coherent , well-defined , and precise proposals would produce results that are more acceptable to all .
Originally reluctant to accept a Europe with autonomous military capacity , the United Kingdom had learned from the intervention in Kosovo that the EU must be able to respond to crises rapidly and efficiently .
Defense missions must be more adaptable , prompt , multinational , and multi-instrumental .
Picking and choosing which challenges to care about only increases the risk that they will become intractable problems instead .
As political reform achieves results , Israel will no longer be able to claim that it is the only democracy in the Middle East ; with conditions changing on the ground , it will be increasingly difficult to ignore Palestinians ' demand for independence .
Israel 's concern that the region will grow more hostile will become a self-fulfilling prophecy if new democracies see the Israeli government impeding steps toward a viable and just solution .
Waiting and hoping for more favorable conditions could easily backfire .
Of course , such a rebalancing is unthinkable today , for both political and economic reasons .
But , given that container traffic is expected to increase by 164 % before 2020 , southern European ports should be able to increase their share in flows between Europe and the Far East by 40-50 % .
Obviously , there is another , geopolitical condition that must be met to achieve this rebalancing : the Suez Canal must continue to be a safe and reliable shipping route .
Had the treaty been approved in 2005 as intended , it would have been in place for six years , and the strain placed by the crisis on EU economic governance -- so visible in the eurozone 's recent problems -- would have been much more manageable .
In Bosnia-Herzegovina , EU-Turkey cooperation is fundamental to achieving a durable solution .
In these times , difficult and unpredictable but full of hope , the world needs Turkey and the EU to work together .
The rush to bilateral agreements is perhaps understandable in the quest for rapid results and a greater sense of control over international trends .
Job losses in the range of 60 million have suddenly rendered nearly an eighth of the urban populace indigent . Often without a dependable channel for airing their grievances , hordes of laid-off workers and retired folk have filled the avenues over the past decade or so .
The United Nations Environment Programme 's Sustainable Energy Finance Initiative estimates that investment in renewable energy has reached $ 100 billion worldwide , or 18 % of new investment in the power sector .
The Initiative , which involves some 170 financial institutions , also estimates that market financing for clean and renewable energies could reach $ 1.9 trillion by 2020 .
The Clean Development Mechanism of the Kyoto Protocol could channel $ 100 billion in funds from North to South for investment in carbon offsetting projects such as renewable energy schemes and tree planting .
The Bali conference last year agreed to include avoided deforestation in tropical countries into a new climate regime , which could generate new employment opportunities in sustainable management , conservation , and tourism .
At Bali , the global trade union movement signaled its commitment to an 85 % reduction in global greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 , underlining the perceived value of environmentally sustainable development and a future in `` green jobs . ''
These jobs will play a vital role in reducing the environmental footprint of economies and promoting sustainable production and consumption patterns .
Consider the euro : no head of state or government has so far been able to present a coherent defense of the eurozone to counter the pervasive unease that now exists towards the common currency .
Europe 's leaders make things worse when they prove unable to connect isolated `` reforms '' -- say , a lower public deficit -- with any comprehensive vision of the economy .
The truth that politicians -LRB- David Cameron 's UK government excluded , at least for now -RRB- are reluctant to admit is that Western Europe 's current morass is distinct from the global US-made downturn . Old Europe has entered into a severe and intractable crisis of the welfare state as ordinary Europeans have come to know it .
The generous retirement pensions , unemployment compensation , health coverage , and all kinds of social programs that make Western Europe a comfortable place to live were established when Europe 's economy and population were growing fast .
The choice is long overdue , as South Korea is a remarkable success story : in one generation , the South Koreans , formerly pummeled by civil war , under constant threat from their Northern communist brethren , long mired in poverty , and ruled by military dictators for 40 years , have built the world 's 13th largest economy and Asia 's most vibrant democracy .
Another key to South Korea 's success story is the well-balanced relationship between stable governments and the private sector . This was clearly demonstrated late last year when a South Korean consortium won a contract to build four nuclear reactors in the United Arab Emirates late last year , beating out the French .
Japanese companies abroad remain profitable and Japan is still the global leader in high-tech niches like electronics or carbon fibers .
Will the second Edo be able to resist Chinese ambitions ? `` The New Edo era needs a strong Japanese army , '' admits Inose .
Anybody can grasp how child benefits for the wealthy or retirement at only 62 is unjustifiable .
Since Marine Le Pen took the helm , she has proven herself able to combine the National Front 's trademark anti-immigration stance , the hard core of its ideology , with praise for the state and the Republic .
Marine Le Pen is seeking the same path to power traveled by Italy 's Northern League , the Flemish Interest Party , Liveable Netherlands , and the Danish People 's Party , all of which first became `` soft '' populist parties .
The war in Algeria was , for de Gaulle , but another symptom of a dysfunctional state , an analysis that went back to his own experiences in 1940 , when the French government proved unable to resist invasion by Hitler 's Germany .
Remarkable propagandist that he was , de Gaulle convinced the French that the Fourth Republic was a disaster -- a canard that has remained common wisdom ever since .
And , since Barack Obama 's election , anti-Americanism is no longer a viable way to garner support .
The left may ultimately win general elections elsewhere if the new Keynesian right proves unable to end the crisis .
The same goes for the legendary Che . No teenager in rebellion against the world or his parents seems able to resist Che 's alluring image .
For a while , reality reinforces the misconception , but eventually the gap between reality and its false interpretation becomes unsustainable . During the self-reinforcing phase , the misconception may be tested and when a test is successful the misconception is reinforced .
America would end its dependency on Saudi oil , the Israeli-Palestinian conflict could become more tractable and negotiations could start with North Korea without loss of face .
But this will clearly not be able to prevent a big further deterioration in the country 's debt\/GDP ratio , especially as high interest rates push Brazil into recession .
That is what rendered the risk\/reward ratio of investing in emerging markets so unfavorable .
The right question to ask is this : what level of interest rates can be reconciled with reasonable growth ?
The world 's task is to find instruments that can minimize the possibility of moral hazard and yet keep the level of real risk within tolerable bounds .
At the same time , Brazil - which has followed sound economic policies and has healthy budget and trade surpluses - can not refinance its debt at acceptable rates .
First , financial markets are inherently unstable .
Until recently , IMF rescue programs were designed to enable debtor countries to meet their obligations .
Although the maximum sustainable real interest rate is about 10 % , Brazil 's dollar-denominated debt yields 24.5 % .
If no lender of last resort ensures that credit is available at or below 10 % , Brazil can not be expected to meet its obligations - dealing a terrible blow both to Brazil and the international financial system .
But a chronic current account deficit is unsound , unfair , and unsustainable in the long run .
Unable to afford school , they scavenge for paper and other scraps for recycling , earning just enough to eat .
Roma are the continent 's fastest growing and most vulnerable minority .
Others are wrongly placed in schools for the mentally and physically disabled , merely because they had no access to preschool , or because they do not speak the majority language .
Many countries with significant mineral deposits or valuable cash crops are in the grip of repressive or corrupt regimes or torn apart by armed conflict .
Governments must disclose what they receive and , even more importantly , they must be held accountable for the way they use their revenues .
Here the Chad-Cameroon oil pipeline sets a valuable example .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair announced an Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative -LRB- EITI -RRB- at the World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg last September .
Association Agreements , although desirable , may not be adequate , as the EU 's Balkan experiences indicate .
It would be desirable to set up joint working groups with the countries concerned to establish , monitor , and adjust individual action plans .
Such inducements are not hard to find : greater access to Europe 's common market , more favorable visa regimes , job and immigration opportunities , access to capital , cultural contacts , and technical assistance .
Georgia 's peaceful revolution is not replicable elsewhere , but it has made neighboring regimes nervous .
Declaring war on terrorism was understandable , perhaps even appropriate , as a figure of speech .
Nevertheless , the ideologues in the administration were determined to pursue it because , in the words of Paul Wolfowitz , `` it was doable . ''
Now that America 's position has become unsustainable , the Bush administration is handing over power to local militias in Falluja and elsewhere .
If we had cared about the Iraqi people , we should have had more troops available for the occupation .
When the insurgency became intractable , America installed an Iraqi government .
At the London Conference , world leaders should support the counter-narcotics strategy recently approved by the Afghan government , which would reduce economic dependence on opium production , punish traffickers and dealers , and provide sustainable economic alternatives for poppy farmers .
Currently , the judiciary is incapable of trying a case of petty theft much less of ensuring human rights .
Without a viable legal system , foreign investment will remain elusive .
The Secretary General has submitted a reasonable reform plan , but a majority of UN member states , acting together as the so-called G-77 , are balking , because they regard it as another step in reducing the authority of the General Assembly relative to the Security Council .
The EU embodies the principles of an open society to a remarkable extent .
The EU was brought into existence by a process of piecemeal social engineering -- the method Popper considered appropriate to an open society -- directed by a far-sighted , purposeful elite who recognized that perfection is unattainable .
It proceeded step by step , setting limited objectives with limited timetables , knowing full well that each step would prove inadequate and require a further step .
The EU is left in an untenable position , with an enlarged membership of 27 states and a governing structure designed for six .
That fact casts doubt on Karl Popper 's concept of open society , which is based on the recognition that , while perfect knowledge is unattainable , we can gain a better understanding of reality by engaging in critical thinking .
To understand what is happening , we need a new paradigm . It is available in the theory of reflexivity , which I first proposed 20 years ago in my book The Alchemy of Finance .
Credit expansion must now be followed by a period of contraction , because some of the new credit instruments and practices are unsound and unsustainable .
Although a recession in the developed world is now more or less inevitable , China , India , and some of the oil-producing countries are in a very strong countertrend .
On Monday he allowed Lehman Brothers to fail and refused to make government funds available to save AIG .
His solution landed the housing market in the worst of all worlds : their managements knew that if the blank cheques were filled out they would lose their jobs , so they retrenched and made mortgages more expensive and less available .
Now that the crisis has been unleashed , a large-scale rescue package is probably indispensable if the crisis is to be brought under control .
Making government funds available should also encourage the private sector to participate in recapitalizing the banking sector and bringing the financial crisis to a close .
For one thing , it would lend credence to the rescue of the banking system and allow additional support to the EU 's newer and more vulnerable members .
Germany would consider the existing precedents , namely the EU 's budget and the composition of the ECB , unfair and unacceptable .
This will be sufficient to enable the IMF to come to the aid of specific countries in trouble , but it will not provide a systemic solution without conditionality .
Such a solution is readily available in the form of Special Drawing Rights -LRB- SDR -RRB- .
It is difficult to think of a scheme where the cost\/benefit ratio is so favorable .
To make the scheme counter-cyclical , the SDR issues could be callable in tranches when the global economy overheats .
No Licenses to Kill NEW YORK -- In the last year , we endured a remarkable experience ; after the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 , financial markets actually collapsed and required artificial life support .
What made this collapse so remarkable is that it was not caused by some external factor , but originated within the financial system itself and spread from there throughout the global economy .
The negative effect is reinforced by the fact that , because CDS contracts are tradable , they tend to be priced as warrants , which can be sold at any time , rather than as options , which would require an actual default to be cashed in .
While international cooperation on regulatory reform is difficult to achieve on a piecemeal basis , it may be attainable in a grand bargain that rearranges the entire financial order .
A mechanism that allows rich countries that do n't need additional reserves to transfer their allocations to those that do is readily available , using the IMF 's gold reserves .
It can no longer impose its will on others , as George W. Bush 's administration sought to do , but it could lead a cooperative effort to involve both the developed and the developing world , thereby reestablishing American leadership in an acceptable form .
Unfortunately , the recovery is liable to run out of steam , and may even be followed by a second economic downturn , though I am not sure whether it will occur in 2010 or 2011 .
But the global financial system that emerged was fundamentally unstable , because it was built on the false premise that financial markets can be safely left to their own devices .
Financing the Fight against Climate Change COPENHAGEN -- It is now generally agreed that the developed countries will have to make a substantial financial contribution to enable the developing world to deal with climate change .
Returns from land-use projects , for example , could also include the potential to create more sustainable rural livelihoods , enable higher and more resilient agricultural yields , and generate rural employment .
First , the green fund could be self-financing or even profitable ; very little of the IMF 's gold , if any , would actually be used .
Finally , this money would be available now , jump-starting carbon-saving projects .
For all these reasons , the developing countries ought to embrace my proposal . The key point is that it is possible to increase substantially the amount available to fight global warming in the developing world by using the existing allocations of SDRs , with interest payments on them guaranteed by the IMF 's gold reserves .
Many Roma live in deplorable conditions unworthy ofmodern Europe .
For example , Roma children are often automatically put into classes for the mentally disabled , simply because they are Roma .
This strategy must address both intolerable living conditions for Roma and the hostile stereotypes that prevail within majority populations , because they mutually reinforce each other .
It also provided invaluable support to member countries ' public education systems to strengthen Roma inclusion .
The treasury need not be used to tax citizens on an everyday basis , but it needs to be available in times of crisis .
The risk premium on Greek government bonds continues to hover around three percentage points , depriving Greece of much of the benefit of euro membership -- namely , being able to refinance government bonds at the official discount rate .
With the risk premium at current levels , there is a real danger that Greece may not be able to extricate itself from its predicament , regardless of what it does , because further budget cuts would further depress economic activity , reducing tax revenues and worsening the debt-to-GDP ratio .
The Papandreou government is determined to do whatever is necessary to correct the abuses of the past , and it enjoys a remarkable degree of public support .
Moreover , a well-organized eurobond market would be desirable .
But , because they are freely tradable , they can be used to mount bear raids -- a type of stock market strategy by which a trader -LRB- or group of traders -RRB- attempts to force down the price of a stock to cover a short position .
Their use ought to be confined to those who have an insurable interest in the bonds of a country or company .
This change in attitude is understandable , but it has brought the European integration process to a halt .
But the government would find it politically more acceptable to rescue German banks than Greece or Spain .
Of course , this is purely hypothetical because if Germany were to leave the euro the political consequences would be unthinkable .
But the thought experiment may be useful in preventing the unthinkable from actually happening .
Since WWII , Europeans have found it unacceptable to subject any group to collective punishment or mass expulsion on the basis of ethnicity , so , in casting aside fundamental rights in the name of security , rounding up Roma sets a worrying precedent .
Most Roma share the aspirations of the majority populations : a home with adequate services , a decent education for their children , jobs that enable them to provide for their families , and to interact with the majority in their society .
Since the Chinese government is the direct beneficiary of the currency surplus , it would need to have remarkable foresight to accept this diminution in its power and recognize the advantages of coordinating its economic policies with the rest of the world .
If it fails to live up to the responsibilities of leadership , the global currency system is liable to break down and take the world economy with it .
This was unavoidable , because the Maastricht Treaty was meant to bring about a monetary union without a political union .
European authorities were confident , however , that if and when the euro ran into a crisis , they would be able to overcome it .
This is politically unacceptable .
Mutual resentment between creditors and debtors is liable to grow , and there is a real danger that the euro may destroy the EU 's political and social cohesion .
Europe-wide regulation of banks encroaches on national sovereignty less than European control over fiscal policy . And European control over banks is less amenable to political abuse than national control .
China 's leadership knows that it must fulfill its own people 's minimum expectations in order to maintain internal peace and stability ; now it must learn to make itself acceptable to the rest of the world in order to preserve external peace and stability .
That means becoming a more open society and playing a more active role in maintaining a peaceful and stable world order .
Moreover , the competitiveness requirements demanded by Germany will be imposed on an uneven playing field , putting deficit countries in an untenable position , one that might even drag down Spain , which entered the euro crisis with a lower debt ratio than Germany .
Regulators must also stipulate that company reports be made available on a regular , timely basis , and that they are easily accessible and comparable across countries and other extractive companies .
If the EU were to require companies to publish detailed information regarding production and operational numbers , financial and accounting balances , and payments to authorities , companies would become truly accountable to citizens , and government revenues would be augmented .
Now the world must look to the G-20 summit in Cannes this November to make an unequivocal commitment to the reporting requirements needed , given that important emerging economies such as Brazil , India , and China , as well as South Africa and other resource-rich African countries , will be at the table .
With the Germans helping to reconcile conflicting national interests by putting a little extra on the table , the process of European integration reached its apogee with the Maastricht Treaty and the introduction of the euro .
As a result , anyone who considers the status quo undesirable , unacceptable , or unsustainable has had to take an anti-European stance .
Greece is heading towards disorderly default and\/or devaluation with incalculable consequences .
If this seemingly inexorable process is to be arrested and reversed , both Greece and the eurozone must urgently adopt a Plan B. A Greek default may be inevitable , but it need not be disorderly .
And , while some contagion will be unavoidable -- whatever happens to Greece is likely to spread to Portugal , and Ireland 's financial position , too , could become unsustainable -- the rest of the eurozone needs to be ring-fenced .
It should be possible to mobilize a pro-European silent majority behind the idea that when the status quo becomes untenable , we should look for a European solution rather than national ones .
Financial markets , recognizing this possibility , raised the risk premium on Spanish and Italian bonds to unsustainable levels .
The situation is becoming intolerable .
Germany and the other eurozone members with AAA ratings will have to decide whether they are willing to risk their own credit to permit Spain and Italy to refinance their bonds at reasonable interest rates .
It should be recognized that a disorderly default or exit from the eurozone , even by a small country like Greece , would precipitate a banking crisis comparable to the one that caused the Great Depression .
It is no longer a question whether it is worthwhile to have a common currency . The euro exists , and its collapse would cause incalculable losses to the banking system .
That will not come easily : Merkel , after all , read the German public 's mood correctly when she made her fateful decision , and the domestic political atmosphere has since become even more inhospitable to extending credit to the rest of Europe .
Thinking the Unthinkable in Europe
NEW YORK -- To resolve a crisis in which the impossible has become possible , it is necessary to think the unthinkable .
Chancellor Angela Merkel may not be able to persuade her entire coalition of its merits , but she could rely on the opposition to build a new majority in support of doing what is necessary to preserve the euro .
And , just as importantly , they now understand that it is not enough to ensure that governments can finance their debt at reasonable interest rates ; they must also address the weakness of Europe 's banking system .
During the emergency period , fiscal retrenchment and austerity are unavoidable ; but , in the longer term , the debt burden will become unsustainable without growth -- and so will the European Union itself .
In countries at the center of the world economy , these institutions are now mature enough to avert financial dislocations comparable to those of the 1930s .
The IMF 's rescue packages , according to this view , weakened market discipline , encouraging an irrational and unsustainable lending boom .
Not only is the WTO not designed to deal with environmental protection , food safety , human rights and labor rights , but its modus operandi is unsuitable for the provision of public goods .
Is it conceivable that China -LRB- soon to be a member -RRB- would agree to the inclusion of human rights ?
Would the United States be any more amenable on the environment ?
Instead of imposing requirements , it would be much better to provide resources to enable poor countries to comply on a voluntary basis .
We doggedly fight to prolong life , only to find that we can not win this battle - and are left unable to produce authentic rituals to accompany the end of our existence .
While `` just wars '' seem to be back , international law has also come to condemn waging aggressive -LRB- `` unjust '' -RRB- war as a punishable crime , with the consequence that every warring party now declares its wars to be a defense against foreign attack , much as Hitler did in 1939 .
The Security Council 's permanent members thus remain legibus soluti , i.e. , sovereign in the seventeenth-century sense of the word , meaning `` able to do evil with impunity . ''
Behind this is the notion that respect for human rights can be enforced externally , together with the hope that rulers will behave better because they recognize that they may be held accountable for violating human rights .
The idea of the `` moral indifference '' of the law of war is based on the recognition that wars will not be eliminated , and that they should instead be limited and their horrors mitigated by universally applicable rules of conduct .
You have to be able to lose without losing everything .
The flip side of the criminalization of `` aggressive '' war is the fact that peace is also no longer a reliable legal state that can be ended only by a formal declaration of war .
Countries unwilling or unable to prevent terrorist violence emanating from their territory forfeit their right to territorial integrity , and others can declare war on them to pursue the problem at its root .
Initially , a foreign policy based on Nelson Mandela 's shining global reputation enabled the country to project itself as an exemplary international citizen .
Despite its domestic problems and the loss of global visibility that accompanied Mandela 's retirement , South Africa is still perceived as an emerging power comparable in status and aspiration to , say , Brazil , India , and Nigeria .
But South Africa 's aspiration to play a dynamic role beyond its borders is proving increasingly difficult , primarily because the regional environment -- indeed , the continental environment -- is not hospitable , defying the best efforts of Mbeki 's government to produce meaningful and sustained political and economic change .
The persistence of civil wars , periodic failure of ceasefires and mediation efforts , and protagonists that are sometimes warlords and rapacious militias -- rather than states capable of making rational decisions -- all add to the difficulty of conflict resolution by diplomatic means and traditional peacekeeping .
In the face of Western and , in particular , American skepticism about South Africa 's failure , and that of the Africa Union , to engineer an acceptable outcome to the Zimbabwean crisis , money may not be forthcoming .
Reasons for this remarkable resilience abound , and they offer guidance for advanced and developing countries alike .
Of course , rapid declines in asset values had an impact for a few months , but , with less leverage , the impact on net worth was lower and domestic consumption less vulnerable .
Nevertheless , many were capable of at least some countercyclical measures without destabilizing their public finances .
And , because there is no strategic reason to run large surpluses , with an excess of savings over investment , maintaining reasonable balance on the current account appears to be the preferred course .
Those developing countries that maintain a stable macroeconomic environment , a countercyclical mindset , and steady progress on governance , education , and infrastructure will thrive .
Indeed , China , far from being thrown off course by the crisis , is entering a middle-income transition that over time will create considerable space in labor-intensive manufacturing and services , as the country evolves structurally and exits from these sectors .
Put bluntly , large and profitable financial institutions will find a way to get the regulatory system they want -- one that is compatible with a highly profitable trading super-structure that goes beyond the requirements of hedging and seeks to maximize short-term gains .
In medicine , there is a huge and unbridgeable gap in expertise and information between doctors and patients .
In a stable world , Maastricht Treaty 's rules-based framework , if enforced , might do the job .
But a move in this direction does involve some degree of fiscal centralization . And it probably would require that the EU be able to issue sovereign debt .
That would enable effective enforcement of fiscal discipline at the national level and provide the euro with the fiscal discipline it needs to survive .
Yet emerging economies , once considered much more vulnerable , have been remarkably resilient .
So it is important to know whether this breakout growth phase is sustainable .
While still able to exploit the scope for catch-up growth , emerging economies must undertake continuous , rapid , and at times difficult structural change , along with a parallel process of reform and institution building .
Overall , emerging economies are well placed to continue to navigate successfully a world rendered unstable by crises in industrial countries .
A favorable outcome also requires industrial countries ' ability and willingness to accommodate the growing size and prominence of emerging economies .
If systemic risk can cause this kind of cascading sequential imbalance , then the `` sovereign '' needs to be alert , competent at identifying rising systemic risk , and able to take corrective action early .
In statistics and the theory of decision-making under uncertainty , errors are inevitable . There are two kinds .
One is that the AWF error wo n't occur , because there are no reliable ex ante signs of rising potential instability .
A second position accepts that there are warning signs , but that they are so unreliable that responding to them would do more harm than good .
By contrast , developed country policymakers ' default stance seems to be that proactive or preemptive measures require a high degree of certainty , owing to a deep-seated belief that financial markets are stable and self-regulating .
If one believes that market instability is rare , then it is reasonable to refuse to act unless there is a compelling case to do so .
In light of experience , the view that the financial system is only exceptionally unstable or on an unsustainable path seems at least questionable .
Without such solutions , the system will tend to become periodically unstable , and to go off on unsustainable paths that end destructively . We have just lived through one of these episodes .
A well capitalized IMF , much better capitalized than pre-crisis , should be able to fill this backstop -- similar to what central banks do -LRB- and did in the crisis -RRB- to prevent a credit freeze and the inevitable and excessive economic damage that would result .
A program that meets the needs of the more vulnerable countries is under construction .
Without an effective rebalancing program , growth will be sub-par , and employment difficult to restore on a sustainable basis .
But , to perform this function , it needs a knowledgeable , credible , and effective secretariat .
All of this is needed to enable the Fund to support the global coordination functions for which it is uniquely well equipped .
The Bush and Obama administrations both understood that wise policymaking in crisis circumstances requires selecting the least bad option , accepting the inevitable anger and criticism , and implementing the decision quickly .
The Obama administration was not responsible for poor US economic performance in the immediate post-crisis period ; that was inevitable .
The administration needed to see -- and to say -- that the debt-fueled pre-crisis economy was on a dangerously unsustainable path , and that the challenge now , having averted a depression , was to make a difficult transition to a new path .
And , if successful over time , it might have made the rest of Obama 's agenda seem less overwhelming and more affordable .
It has had to deal with a widespread and understandable loss of confidence in elites -- academics , policy analysts , Wall Street , business leaders , regulators , and politicians -- which makes implementing pragmatic , centrist policies more difficult .
The United States was on an unsustainable growth path for at least a decade -- probably longer -- before the crisis .
So the main post-crisis challenge is not to return to the old normal , which was not sustainable , nor is it to recover from a deep balance-sheet recession , but rather to make a structural transition from the old abnormal to a new normal that is sustainable .
Contrary to most commentary , this is not a growth strategy , but rather an attempt to limit the considerable risk of another major downturn , induced by further balance-sheet damage in the housing sector .
True , low interest rates , together with a second round of quantitative easing , are causing considerable global distortions , as funds flow into fast-growing emerging markets , fueling inflationary pressure and asset bubbles .
At this stage , the best course would be to adopt a credible multi-year plan , based on reasonable but conservative growth assumptions , to reduce deficits to sustainable levels and limit the accumulation of public debt .
The limited fiscal resources that are available should be targeted on areas that affect competitiveness in the tradable sector .
The truth is that all the net employment growth in the US economy over the last 20 years has been in the non-tradable sector , where Americans do n't have to compete .
While this is just one part of a much more complex story , it seems unlikely that these and other non-tradable sectors can sustain employment growth in the future .
With the tradable sector neutralized and the non-tradable sectors maxed out , the economy lacks sufficiently powerful growth engines .
NEW YORK -- It is time for the G-20 to take seriously its mandate to agree on steps to stabilize the global economy and launch it on a more sustainable pattern of growth .
Worryingly , QE2 appears to be viewed in the US as a growth strategy , which it is n't , unless one believes that low interest rates will reverse the private-sector deleveraging process , raise consumption , and lower savings -- neither a likely nor a desirable scenario .
America needs to expand its share in external global demand , which requires public-sector investment , structural change , and improved competitiveness in the tradable sector .
But that was not inevitable .
And emerging-market growth returned to pre-crisis levels and appears to be sustainable , helped by unorthodox policies designed to `` sterilize '' massive capital inflows .
Slow growth is manageable .
This situation is largely the result of predictable post-crisis economic dynamics , as firms and households in advanced countries repair their balance sheets .
Greater fiscal centralization and political unification seem inevitable , but it may take time to muddle through to that outcome .
The US tradable sector is growing .
Sustained high growth is enabled by and requires engagement with the global economy that goes beyond simply being able to produce for a potentially massive export market .
It creates skepticism about whether the net benefits of openness are positive , and uncertainty about what adaptations are needed in the regulation of free markets to achieve a reasonable balance between their benefits and risks .
People are skeptical for understandable reasons , and in the case of the credit crisis , angry .
All of this structural change is part of a constantly shifting global economic landscape whose aggregate pattern is not perfectly predictable , in part because countries enter and engage with the global economy at different times and expand at different rates .
The aggregate size of the developing countries -LRB- especially the major emerging economies -RRB- , their rising incomes , and their ongoing movement up the value chain are having a growing impact on advanced-country economies , particularly these economies ' tradable sectors .
Some 98 % of the 27.3 million net new jobs created in the US since 1990 have been in the non-tradable sector -- dominated by government , health care , retail , hospitality , and real estate .
Labor-intensive industries in the tradable sector must be allowed to decline .
Many of these jobs will be in the domestic , urban , non-tradable service sector .
While wages and incomes are rising now and appear to have broken the iron grip of the surplus labor pool , the growth pattern requires this structural demand-side shift toward more disposable income , greater government consumption , and high-return investment .
For the countries of Asia -- especially its rising giants , China and India -- sustainable growth is no longer part of a global challenge . Instead , it has become a national growth-strategy issue .
As Asians drive growth toward more sustainable patterns , they will increase the incentives for others to do so by generating new technology , lowering the environmental cost of growth , and undercutting the argument that leadership incurs competitive and other economic costs , but few benefits .
To say that free-rider problems are gone , or that multinational agreements are no longer desirable , would be incorrect .
As a result , the large non-tradable sector and the domestic-demand portion of the tradable sector can not serve as engines of growth and employment .
Little in America 's domestic policy debates hints at a viable growth and employment-oriented strategy .
Above all , this will require structural change and greater competitiveness in an expanded tradable sector .
Both household and government spending patterns in relation to income were unsustainable .
Moreover , with excess reliance on domestic demand , the structure of the US economy evolved with a bias toward the non-tradable sector -LRB- where all of the new jobs were created -RRB- and insufficient reliance on foreign demand and hence exports .
That led to income and price movements that caused the tradable sector 's scope to shrink , as lower value-added links of global supply chains moved to emerging economies .
The financial crisis that began in 2008 caused a sudden stop to the unsustainable pattern on the demand side .
But that pattern , too , is clearly unsustainable .
A large shortfall in domestic demand stymies growth and employment in the non-tradable sector , where it is the only demand that is relevant .
That is helpful , but the tradable sector , as it is currently configured , is not an employment engine .
Indeed , the US economy 's structural evolution over the past two decades has made additional foreign demand inaccessible without expanding the scope of the tradable sector .
Fiscal stimulus , in the form of backloading deficit-reduction efforts , might help tide the economy over while structural adjustment and expansion of competitiveness in the tradable sector proceed .
To be viable , policy measures must include comprehensive tax reform ; a balanced deficit-reduction program ; investment in education , skills upgrading , infrastructure , and technology ; and a fully developed energy policy that anticipates rising relative energy prices as emerging-market growth enlarges the global economy to three times its current size over the next quarter-century .
Household disposable income is about 60 % of national income in China , and the household savings rate is close to 30 % of disposable income .
One might expect that after a dangerous crisis rooted in growing structural imbalances and an unsustainable growth pattern on the demand side , there would be serious , ongoing debate about what is needed to restore long-term growth and productive job creation in the context of a rapidly evolving global economy .
Restarting the Doha round of trade negotiations with a more manageable agenda -- and one focused on the poorer and more vulnerable developing countries -- would be a good way to revive progress on trade .
Outside the advanced countries , there is a view that the world will return to pre-crisis conditions , with a stable US that functions as borrower , lender , and consumer of last resort .
What this perspective ignores is that pre-crisis growth in the US and the global economy was based in part on an unsustainable configuration .
While a relatively high and sustainable growth pattern can be achieved , it will take time .
Attempting to exceed these speed limits not only risks damaging the fiscal balance and the dollar 's stability and resilience , but also may leave the economy and government finances highly vulnerable to future shocks that outweigh the quite modest short-term benefits of accelerated investment and employment .
A more aggressive interest-rate policy would likely reduce asset prices -LRB- or at least slow the rate of appreciation -RRB- , increase adjustable-rate debt-service burdens , and trigger additional balance-sheet distress and disorderly deleveraging , such as foreclosures .
What we most need now is support for the unemployed , stable government finances with a clearly communicated deficit-reduction plan , some truth-telling about medium-term growth prospects , and an orderly healing process in which balance sheets are restored mostly without government intervention .
Europe 's states have been able to achieve this discipline primarily because they are democracies .
Their desire is to eliminate violence and , at the same time , generate stable conditions for economic and social progress for everyone in Europe .
Mikhail Saakashvili 's victory in Georgia 's presidential election was the predictable culmination of November 's `` Revolution of the Roses , '' which forced Eduard Shevardnadze to step down after more than a decade in power .
Most alarmingly , Chechen rebels enjoyed considerable freedom of operation in Georgia , creating supply bases on its territory and receiving medical help in Georgian hospitals before slipping back into Russia .
Their desire to preserve and reestablish Georgian territorial integrity by asserting renewed control over Abkhazia and South Ossetia is understandable , but can they accomplish this goal as peacefully as they won their revolution ?
By contrast , an IMF that attempted to act , say , as an international umpire of national exchange-rate policies would face insurmountable implementation and acceptance problems .
When the global financial crisis erupted , the euro shielded countries that in comparable circumstances would have been plunged into a deep currency crisis .
Reliable statistics were not available in all countries , and for years there was no political will to protect public budgets from the impact of rapidly aging populations on pension and health-care costs .
Financial markets ' sudden reappraisal of sovereign risk has now put euro-area governments under considerable pressure to reduce their deficits .
They know that Fahim used the Loya Jirga to promote Karzai , a Pashtun , because he was malleable and without independent forces of his own .
The fact that Karzai is decent and well intentioned does not alleviate his problem , which he is incapable of addressing alone .
The solution must be to use firmness backed , if necessary , by military strength , to enable Karzai to face down Marshall Fahim .
CNN reported it `` neither equitable nor free . ''
Small and medium-size businesses in the US depend on small and medium-size banks for access to vital credit , yet too many of these banks remain zombies , unable to lend because their balance sheets are littered with bad commercial and real-estate loans from the boom years .
What is remarkable about this is that some of QE2 's most prominent cheerleaders actually think that wherever new demand shows up is fine and dandy .
As the Fed exhausts the power of traditional monetary instruments , it is heading into uncharted territory , with the potential of unpredictable outcomes and unprecedented collateral damage .
At the G-20 summit , we should discuss what fair and equitable burden-sharing between taxpayers and financial-market participants should look like .
This gives us considerable standing .
There is no inevitable contradiction between European values , on the one hand , and what are deemed Asian values , on the other .
Only Botswana and Namibia achieved respectable scores , while the worst offenders were Cameroon , Uganda , Kenya , Angola , Madagascar , and Nigeria .
Only such leaders can build up the legitimacy needed to unite their countries , and only then will they be able to confront head on the many challenges that the region faces in shaking loose from the shackles of backwardness .
If a government sprang from reasonably fair elections and the elected government is able to fill the most important political offices , the country is deemed `` electorally competitive . ''
Resolving that conflict - itself a key aspect of Arab political identity - might enable Arab political culture to change .
Clearly , banning the AKP would trigger a political crisis that would end Turkey 's efforts to join the European Union in the foreseeable future and threaten its recent strong economic growth .
Only that course will enable Turkey to construct a better constitution than it has now .
This means that for the first three years of a presidency brought to power amidst great popular demands , López Obrador would be able to enact little reform legislation .
Moreover , he would not even be able to veto hostile legislation , because he would be the first president in Mexico 's modern history not to have the one-third of seats in at least one chamber of the legislature necessary to sustain a presidential veto .
Of course , there is no guarantee that such a system would bring greater democratic stability to countries like Mexico , but it would provide many more mechanisms to resolve crises than are currently available .
Former President George W. Bush 's restrictions on funding for health programs that used condoms or other forms of contraception meant that Islamic organizations receiving any funding from the US Agency for International Development were unable to publish material promoting safe-sex and family planning .
All of them established some form of parliamentary system , in which the government is directly accountable to the legislature and the president 's powers are limited -LRB- and often largely ceremonial -RRB- .
For example , if there are many candidates in a first round of a presidential election , it is conceivable that neither of the two candidates in the second-round run-off will have won more than 20 % in the first round .
It is also possible that a new president turns out to be incompetent , or is in a permanent minority position and unable to pass legislation .
Under a parliamentary system , future democratic governments in both countries would gain invaluable flexibility , for two major reasons .
His grandfather , Wilhelm I , had presided over Prussia 's military victories , which enabled Bismarck to create the unified Reich in 1871 .
But , after three years of unimaginable carnage , the Kaiser had been reduced to an instrument of a military dictatorship run by Paul von Hindenburg and his chief of staff , Erich Ludendorff .
But there may be a lesson from a country whose wartime rulers , quarrelling among themselves , inflicted unimaginable harm on their people and to the world with their mendacious , secretive , and paranoid style .
For a while this created a seemingly more stable banking system , but that system failed to lend to small and medium sized firms .
The benefits of tax-cut-fueled growth would trickle down to all -- policies that have become fashionable in Europe and elsewhere , but that have failed .
The irony is that the scientists making the advances that enable technology-based growth , and the venture capital firms that finance it were not the ones reaping the biggest rewards in the heyday of the real estate bubble .
Although the focus on renewable energy sources is welcome , policies that distort food supply are not . America 's subsidies for corn-based ethanol contribute more to the coffers of ethanol producers than they do to curtailing global warming .
It must be sustainable : growth based on environmental degradation , a debt-financed consumption binge , or the exploitation of scarce natural resources , without reinvesting the proceeds , is not sustainable .
America 's recent growth was neither economically sustainable nor inclusive .
Governments can enhance growth by increasing inclusiveness . A country 's most valuable resource is its people .
Promoting sustainable growth is much harder .
The prospects of a stable future look increasingly dim .
Things have not been going well in Afghanistan , to say the least , and Pakistan looks ever more unstable .
First , housing can be made more affordable for poor and middle-income Americans by converting the mortgage deduction into a cashable tax credit .
Remarkable as it may seem , America , for all its problems , is still seen as the safest place to put one 's money .
The forthcoming global summit must face these new realities if it is to work effectively toward creating a more stable and a more equitable global financial system .
It is remarkable how , having proven their incompetence , they are still revered in some quarters .
After all , in today 's context , the pursuit of Keynesian policies looks even more profitable than the pursuit of market fundamentalism !
It is imperative that we not just respond adequately to the current crisis , but that we undertake the long-run reforms that will be necessary if we are to create a more stable , more prosperous , and equitable global economy .
The so-called `` efficient markets '' model , which holds that prices fully and efficiently reflect all available information , also came in for a trashing .
Instead , it has enabled America 's failures to spread around the world , like a contagious disease .
Democracies are undermined by corporate interests being able to , in effect , buy elections .
But the interlinking of consulting and auditing practices puts other perverse incentives in place : an incentive to please the clients , who dislike unfavorable reports .
The new economy - and its complicated new financial instruments - enhance the problems of reliable accounting frameworks ; they make it easier to obfuscate .
While we will never be able to prevent all abuses , we can get the incentives right .
President Bush seemed like a deer caught in the headlights -- paralyzed , unable to do almost anything -- for months before he left office .
Many of the governance reforms proposed for the IMF and the World Bank -- affecting , most obviously , how their heads are chosen -- finally seem to be on the table .
The UN Commission argues that addressing this old issue -- raised more than 75 years ago by Keynes -- is essential if we are to have a robust and stable recovery .
Officials know that if they wait too long , zombie or near zombie banks -- with little or no net worth , but treated as if they were viable institutions -- are likely to `` gamble on resurrection . ''
Most Americans view it as grossly unjust , especially after they saw the banks divert the billions intended to enable them to revive lending to payments of outsized bonuses and dividends .
The agreement was remarkable : in providing what in many ways was a clearer articulation of the crisis and what needs to be done than that offered by the G-20 , the UN showed that decision-making need n't be restricted to a self-selected club , lacking political legitimacy , and largely dominated by those who had considerable responsibility for the crisis in the first place .
Recent methodological advances have enabled us to assess better what contributes to citizens ' sense of well-being , and to gather the data needed to make such assessments on a regular basis .
Statistical frameworks are intended to summarize what is going on in our complex society in a few easily interpretable numbers .
Stock options reward executives generously even when shares rise because of a price bubble -- and even when comparable firms ' shares are performing better .
Economics has generated a wealth of ideas , many of which argue that markets are not necessarily either efficient or stable , or that the economy , and our society , is not well described by the standard models of competitive equilibrium used by a majority of economists .
These include agent-based models that emphasize the diversity of circumstances ; network models , which focus on the complex interrelations among firms -LRB- such as those that enable bankruptcy cascades -RRB- ; a fresh look at the neglected work of Hyman Minsky on financial crises -LRB- which have increased in frequency since deregulation began three decades ago -RRB- ; and innovation models , which attempt to explain the dynamics of growth .
Last month , Soros assembled a remarkable group of economic luminaries , from across the spectrum of the profession -- theory to policy , left to right , young and old , establishment and counter-establishment -- to discuss the need and prospects for such an initiative , and how it might best proceed .
The scheme also provides regular funding , not currently available , to finance global public goods .
Innumerable details must be worked out before a global money scheme could be put into practice , and changes will not occur overnight .
The world has also learned some valuable lessons , though at great cost to both current and future prosperity -- costs that were unnecessarily high given that we should already have learned them .
The justification was that bailing out the banks , however messily , would enable a resumption of lending . That has not happened .
Instead , innovation was directed at perfecting the exploitation of those who are less educated , and at circumventing the regulations and accounting standards that were designed to make markets more efficient and stable .
A month after the Copenhagen climate conference , it is clear that the world 's leaders were unable to translate rhetoric about global warming into action .
So , too , was the developed countries ' agreement to `` provide adequate , predictable and sustainable financial resources , technology , and capacity-building ... '' to developing countries .
The Kyoto approach allocated emission rights , which are a valuable asset .
Clearly , the idea that those who emitted more in the past should get more emission rights for the future is unacceptable .
The removal of legal barriers to the movement of workers created a single labor market , but linguistic and cultural differences make American-style labor mobility unachievable .
It was not even clear that the help Greece needed should be labeled a bailout : while the funds given to financial institutions like AIG were unlikely to be recouped , a loan to Greece at a reasonable interest rate would likely be repaid .
The social and economic consequences of the current arrangements should be unacceptable .
This , I believe , is unachievable , and its distributive consequences are unacceptable .
Unfettered markets are neither efficient nor stable .
The Fed 's defense of the big banks -- that it is important for borrowers to be able to hedge their risks -- reveals the extent to which it has been captured .
The legislation was not intended to ban derivatives , but only to bar implicit government guarantees , subsidized by taxpayers -LRB- remember the $ 180 billion AIG bailout ? -RRB- , which are not a natural or inevitable byproduct of lending .
Curiously , there is a growing consensus on both the left and the right that the government will have to continue propping up the housing market for the foreseeable future .
It is , however , an understandable position : both US political parties supported policies that encouraged excessive investment in housing and excessive leverage , while free-market ideology dissuaded regulators from intervening to stop reckless lending .
With the government assuming credit risk , mortgages become as safe as government bonds of comparable maturity .
Big bailouts allowed countries to briefly maintain over-valued exchange rates , which in turn allowed the rich in these countries to get their money out at more favorable terms than they might have done otherwise .
This enabled a consumption binge , which meant that debt was created without a corresponding asset , and encouraged excessive investment in real estate , resulting in excess capacity that will take years to eliminate .
Rather , it would enable the powerful to exploit the weak .
With the US able to borrow at record-low interest rates , and with the promise of high returns on public investments after a decade of neglect , it is clear what it should do . A large-scale public-investment program would stimulate employment in the short term , and growth in the long term , leading in the end to a lower national debt .
This will require considerable restructuring of their economies , but China and India are both dynamic , and proved their resilience in their response to the Great Recession .
Its compelling logic is precisely why there is little chance that such a reasonable proposal would ever be adopted .
The consequence will almost surely be a slower recovery and an even longer delay before unemployment falls to acceptable levels .
It has become fashionable among politicians to preach the virtues of pain and suffering , no doubt because those bearing the brunt of it are those with little voice -- the poor and future generations .
DAVOS -- The whole world celebrates Tunisia 's democratic revolution , which has set off a cascade of events elsewhere in the region -- particularly in Egypt -- with untold consequences . The eyes of the world are now set on this small country of ten million , to learn the lessons of its recent experience and to see if the young people who overthrew a corrupt autocrat can create a stable , functioning democracy .
For starters , it is not enough for governments to deliver reasonable growth .
Tunisia may not be able to prevent special interests from capturing its government , but , if public financing of electoral campaigns and restrictions on lobbying and revolving doors between the public and private sectors remain absent , such capture will be not only possible , but certain .
There are many balancing acts to be mastered : a government that is too powerful might violate citizens ' rights , but a government that is too weak would be unable to undertake the collective action needed to create a prosperous and inclusive society -- or to prevent powerful private actors from preying on the weak and defenseless .
Mauritius must be rich in diamonds , oil , or some other valuable commodity .
But Mauritius has no exploitable natural resources .
NEW YORK -- The annual spring meeting of the International Monetary Fund was notable in marking the Fund 's effort to distance itself from its own long-standing tenets on capital controls and labor-market flexibility .
The crisis showed that free and unfettered markets are neither efficient nor stable .
And the US Federal Reserve 's `` quantitative easing '' -LRB- QEII -RRB- made the demise of the ideology of unfettered markets inevitable : money goes to where markets think returns are highest .
There is a wide range of available capital-account management tools , and it is best if countries use a portfolio of them .
Consumption will remain restrained , while strong and sustainable recovery can not be based on another debt-fueled bubble .
But it is a bit late for the ECB to describe debt restructuring as `` unthinkable . ''
Indeed , more than thinking , it should have done some regulating to prevent Europe 's banks from becoming so vulnerable .
Countries , particularly in Europe , that are capable of standing up to the US must oppose it here .
Moreover , output growth in the United States was not economically sustainable .
This leaves open the question of which expenditures get priority -- and if expenditures to pay interest on the national debt do not , a default is inevitable .
Unaffordable tax cuts and wars , a major recession , and soaring health-care costs -- fueled in part by the commitment of George W. Bush 's administration to giving drug companies free rein in setting prices , even with government money at stake -- quickly transformed a huge surplus into record peacetime deficits .
Europe 's leaders recognized that distressed countries ' debts would become unmanageable unless their economies could grow , and that growth could not be achieved without assistance .
The whole point of restructuring was to discharge debt and make the remainder more manageable .
If the bonds were acceptable as collateral before the restructuring , surely they were safer after the restructuring , and thus equally acceptable .
The attack on Afghanistan that followed the 9\/11 attacks was understandable , but the subsequent invasion of Iraq was entirely unconnected to Al Qaeda -- as much as Bush tried to establish a link .
But the social costs , reflected in veteran suicides -LRB- which have topped 18 per day in recent years -RRB- and family breakups , are incalculable .
But the price paid in getting to this point , in the US and elsewhere , has been enormous -- and mostly avoidable .
The financial sector 's inexcusable recklessness , given free rein by mindless deregulation , was the obvious precipitating factor of the crisis .
To take the last one first , those countries that built up large reserves were able to weather the economic crisis better , so the incentive to accumulate reserves is even stronger .
Globalization and modern technology now enables social movements to transcend borders as rapidly as ideas can .
This was a remarkable admission : through their transition policies , they had managed , in just a few years , to decrease the productive capacity of the world 's number two superpower by more than 40 % , a devastating outcome greater than that of any war !
There remains a considerable capacity overhang -- such as fiber optic lines that remain dark , having yet to see any light pass through them .
If , on the other hand , IMF credit is obtained on reasonable terms , it will make a positive contribution .
Preserving exchange rates , however , provided vital time for people with money to get out at more favorable terms .
Why were billions of dollars available to bail-out banks , but a few million dollars for food and fuel subsidies for Indonesia 's poor could not be spared ?
Even debate about reforming the global financial architecture was stilted : only finance ministers and central bankers , it seems , are allowed a seat at the IMF table .
The IMF 's argument seems to be this : a country can not rely on foreign aid because aid is too unstable .
The truth , of course , is that aid is more stable than tax revenues in poor countries .
Today 's savings rate , while it has increased slightly , still finds America at the bottom of the world 's savings league tables ;
Cheerleaders of the private sector , however , failed to reckon with the ability of company bosses to indulge in corrupt practices on an almost unfathomable scale , something American corporate capitalism has demonstrated amply of late .
More debtors would be able to repay their loans , which might lead the banks to lend more .
But the Japanese government has shown a remarkable record of fiscal responsibility , and could even calibrate the fraction of the deficit financed by issuing money .
Perhaps more importantly , the lessons gleaned from a policy of determined stimulus would be invaluable for other countries facing similar problems .
This was a remarkable confession : these officials evidently believed that their policies had wrecked nearly half of Russia 's economic capacity in the space of just a few years -- a level of destruction not even Hitler 's Nazi armies had achieved .
The results were predictable : the 1998 bailout did not work , but devaluation did .
Consider the case of Mexico , where a proposal to raise revenue by taxing food and medicines consumed by the poor was , unsurprisingly , rejected by a democratically accountable legislature .
There are other sources of tax revenue in many developing countries that are both more equitable and distort economic incentives far less than VAT .
But controlling inflation is not an end in itself : it is merely a means of achieving faster , more stable growth , with lower unemployment .
These are the real variables that matter , and there is little evidence that independent central banks focusing exclusively on price stability do better in these crucial respects .
Accordingly , risk is unavoidable : monetary policy that is too loose risks inflation ; if it is too tight , it can cause unnecessary unemployment , with all the suffering that follows .
A calculated risk is always unavoidable .
Workers , for instance , who have much to lose if the central bank pursues an excessively tight policy , do not have a seat at the table .
Each country draws up a list of what to be done , and each government is held accountable in terms of its performance .
For example , both political parties in the US now accept the notion that when a country is in a recession , it is not only permissible , but even desirable , to run deficits .
There is a remarkable similarity between those policies and the activist measures pursued by the highly successful East Asian economies over the past two decades .
If I injure you , you should be able to sue me .
America 's legal system makes sure that firms that produce a defective , and particularly an unsafe product , are held liable for the consequences .
Similarly , environmental laws make firms liable for their toxic wastes , and many countries , including the US , have enshrined the principle that `` polluters pay , '' that is , companies must pay for the damage they cause .
Today , we believe that individuals , corporations , and institutions should be held accountable for their actions .
For a start , it means debt forgiveness : international lenders may not be able to compensate fully the damage caused when their money helps maintain odious autocrats in power , but at least the victims should not be burdened by a disastrous financial legacy .
Provisions demanded by the US would have made it difficult for small countries , like Botswana , to gain affordable access .
But currencies are not ends in themselves ; they are means - to stronger , more stable growth .
The institutional framework responsible for Euroland 's poor economic performance may improve , or capital markets may become more volatile , making the cost of bearing exchange rate risks intolerable .
Those responsible for such economic mismanagement should be held accountable .
It is one thing to rearrange the chairs around the table , and quite another to change the table itself or those who have a seat at it .
Ultimately , security of property rights -- and the growth it enables -- depends primarily on the legitimacy with which those rights are viewed by society .
The tax would be payable either when the company is listed on a stock market or when the assets are sold .
Most importantly , while it would not ensure the creation of a viable democracy , it would at least reduce the threat to democracy posed by the increasingly poisonous role played by money in Russian politics .
It might have been able to win over the Iraqi people in the early months of the occupation , but by now its cumulative mistakes may have doomed the campaign for hearts and minds to failure .
Worse , the prognosis for establishing a stable democracy and the rule of law in most shock-therapy countries looks bleak .
To be sure , Russians went decades without opportunities to exercise entrepreneurship , while Ba'athist rule did not suppress Iraq 's merchant class and entrepreneurial spirit in any comparable way .
The dream of Iraq 's American invaders was to create a stable , prosperous , and democratic Middle East .
Yet this very heterogeneous group was able to crystallize the emerging global consensus that globalization , despite its positive potential , has not only failed to live up to that potential , but has actually contributed to social distress .
These provisions restricted countries from making generic imitations of drugs , making many critically important medicines unaffordable in developing countries .
The global consensus , reflected in the Commission report , calls for more exceptions , so that , say , drugs can be made available in any case where to do so could save a life .
As this example shows , bringing different voices to the table in discussions of globalization brings new perspectives .
The Europeans then agreed that Germany had not had its fair turn at the leadership of a major international organization , and so the choice was a simple one : a German acceptable to America would get the job .
Economists differ on how best to meet these challenges . But the IMF 's track record on diagnosing problems and prescribing solutions is not enviable .
If America 's highly trained engineers and computer specialists are unable to withstand the onslaught of outsourcing , what about those who are even less trained ?
Yes , America may be able to maintain a competitive advantage at the very top , the breakthrough research , the invention of the next laser .
Yes , it is conceivable that Bush did not have accurate information about whether Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction .
It is clear that the checks needed to prevent abuse in the Iraqi and Afghan prisons were not in place , and that the Bush Administration had created a climate that made such abuses more likely , if not inevitable .
Thirty years ago , Indonesia and Nigeria - both dependent on oil - had comparable per capita incomes .
The Dutch disease , however , is one of the more intractable consequences of oil and resource wealth , at least for poor countries .
But if the CEO is not accountable , who is ?
The result , often enough , is a climate within which managers begin to feel that it is acceptable to skirt the edges of the law or to fudge company accounts .
But there is a fundamental sense in which Bush , like Ken Lay , is culpable , and must be held accountable . Just as a CEO with a record not only of poor performance , but also of massive corporate misconduct , should be fired , so , too , should political leaders be held to a similar standard .
The abuses that have been documented at places such as Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo may not have been an inevitable consequence of the administration 's legal memos , but surely those memos increased enormously the likelihood that torture would be viewed as acceptable .
One of the most important roles for government is creating the `` rules of the game , '' which enable a market economy to work .
It does so with remarkable efficiency .
This is understandable : private investment firms spend an enormous amount on marketing and salaries .
The American president would choose the Bank 's head , and Europe would collectively decide on the IMF leader , with the understanding that the other side would exercise its veto only if a candidate were totally unacceptable .
The Bush administration is right to emphasize the importance of elections , without which democracy is inconceivable .
In a malaria-infested country , mosquito eradication programs can boost production and even increase effective land usage , as acres that were almost uninhabitable become livable .
The Bank 's attempt to open the debate was not well received , by either the US Treasury or the IMF , but its influence was undeniable .
About a quarter of all greenhouse gas emissions are from land-use change , mainly deforestation , an amount comparable to US emissions from burning fossil fuels -LRB- the US is the single largest contributor to greenhouse gas emissions . -RRB-
By maintaining their rainforests , tropical countries provide an invaluable global service , one for which they have so far failed to be compensated .
Rather than promoting stable economies with faster growth and lower interest rates , the IMF 's simplistic prescriptions for capital and financial market liberalization often resulted in the opposite : collapsing financial sectors , prohibitively high borrowing costs , widespread social dislocation , and political upheaval .
The inevitable result has been the IMF 's inability to manage crises , incomprehension of the needs of transition economies , and a failure to promote development .
A changing of the guard at the IMF was necessary and inevitable .
With President Bush at the table , the `` spin masters '' who put a victorious gloss on all his actions had little need to lower expectations concerning the outcome of the G-8 meeting in Scotland . Any agreement would be seen as a major achievement .
The US had made it clear that it would abide by only one outcome at the UN -- a principle under which no democratic body can operate , for to insist that a decision must accord with the wishes of one member is dictatorship . Subsequent events have shown how difficult it is -- even for the strongest country in the world -- to impose a stable democratic regime .
At the same time , a strengthened economic and social security council would enable the UN to shape more effectively debates about reforming the global economic and financial system .
A year ago , most pundits argued that this was unsustainable .
It evidently was sustainable , at least for one more year .
But it nonetheless remains true that whatever is unsustainable will not be sustained , which creates great risks for the US and global economy in 2006 .
In short , 2006 will be marked by mounting uncertainty about prospects for global economic growth , even as the distribution of the fruits of that growth remain dismally predictable .
So Morales ' election was historic , and the excitement in Bolivia is palpable .
In the future , companies and countries should agree on a simple principle : there should be , to paraphrase President Woodrow Wilson 's memorable words , `` open contracts , openly and transparently arrived at . ''
Making Globalization Work I have written repeatedly about the problems of globalization : an unfair global trade regime that impedes development ; an unstable global financial system that results in recurrent crises , with poor countries repeatedly finding themselves burdened with unsustainable debt ; and a global intellectual property regime that denies access to affordable life-saving drugs , even as AIDS ravages the developing world .
While the rich are better able to bear the risks of currency and interest-rate fluctuations , it is the poor who bear the brunt of this volatility .
It is an understandable concern : money that the Bank lends to developing countries that ends up in secret bank accounts or finances some contractors ' luxurious lifestyle leaves a country more indebted , not more prosperous .
As the Stern report points out , as usual , the poor are the most vulnerable .
But the NAIRU is not immutable .
As a practical matter , even controlling for expectations -LRB- as Phelps ' work insists that we do -RRB- , the relationship between unemployment and inflation is highly unstable .
But , whatever the reason , policymakers face considerable uncertainty about the level of NAIRU . Thus , they still face a trade-off between pushing unemployment too low , and setting off an episode of inflation , and not pushing hard enough , resulting in an unnecessary waste of economic resources .
Nor is there evidence that inflation , should it increase slightly , can not be reversed at a relatively minor cost -- comparable to the benefits of additional employment and growth enjoyed in the excessive expansion of the economy that led to the increase in inflation .
It could be used to put America 's social security system on a stable footing for the next 75-100 years .
In other words , individuals -- usually assumed to be identical -- fully use all available information to forecast the future in an environment of perfect competition , no capital market shortcomings , and full insurance of all risks .
Fortunately , one country has been willing and able to run large trade deficits -- the United States .
The time is ripe for the IMF to return to its original mission -- ensuring global liquidity to enable sustained global growth .
As the world 's largest polluter , accounting for roughly a quarter of global carbon emissions , America 's reluctance to do more is perhaps understandable , if not forgivable .
But claims by Bush that America can not afford to do anything about global warming ring hollow : other advanced industrial countries with comparable standards of living emit only a fraction of what the US emits per dollar of GDP .
A striking fact about climate change is that there is little overlap between the countries that are most vulnerable to its effects -- mainly poor countries in the South that can ill afford to deal with the consequences -- and the countries , like the US , that are the largest polluters .
But the patent system not only restricts the use of knowledge ; by granting -LRB- temporary -RRB- monopoly power , it often makes medications unaffordable for people who do n't have insurance .
In the Third World , this can be a matter of life and death for people who can not afford new brand-name drugs but might be able to afford generics .
A `` me-too '' drug , for example , which nets its manufacturer some portion of the income that otherwise accrues only to the company that dominates a niche , may be highly profitable , even if its value to society is quite limited .
By contrast , the type of prize system I have in mind would rely on competitive markets to lower prices and make the fruits of the knowledge available as widely as possible .
Unease about the EU 's future is , of course , understandable , especially given the uncertainty surrounding efforts to revive the Constitutional Treaty .
Economic integration , it was hoped , would lead to greater understanding , underpinned by the myriad interactions that inevitably flow from commerce . Increased interdependence would make conflict unthinkable .
Europe has succeeded in part because it recognizes that the rights of individuals are inalienable and universal , and because it created institutions to protect those rights .
China 's New Economic Model China 's success since it began its transition to a market economy has been based on adaptable strategies and policies : as each set of problems are solved , new problems arise , for which new policies and strategies must be devised .
China knows that it must change if it is to have sustainable growth .
As an increasing share of China 's population moves to cities , those cities will have to be made livable , which will require careful planning , including public transportation systems and parks .
I can think of no better way to restore confidence in these two venerable institutions than to finally open up the way their presidents are selected .
The aims of the campaign were laudable , but it generated hostility and ill will , undermining its effectiveness .
But the US Treasury and the IMF realized that the likely reforms , as desirable as they were for the world , were not in their interest .
Though reliable data are hard to come by , its GDP -LRB- in purchasing power parity terms -RRB- was comparable to that of Haiti , Honduras , and Egypt , and some 5 % below that of Ghana .
In the global growth league tables , Malaysia is in the top tier , along with China , Taiwan , South Korea , and Thailand .
Moreover , Malaysia 's multiracial , multi-cultural society made it more vulnerable to civil strife , which has occurred in many other resource-rich countries , as one group tried to seize the wealth for itself .
The colonial powers ' divide-and-rule tactics enabled small populations in Europe to rule large numbers outside of Europe , pillaging natural resources while investing little in the physical , human capital , and social capital necessary for an economically successful , democratic self-governing society .
As one of my predecessors as Chairman of the US President 's Council of Economic Advisers famously put it , `` that which is not sustainable will not be sustained . ''
Economists , as opposed to those who make their living gambling on stocks , make no claim to being able to predict when the day of reckoning will come , much less identifying the event that will bring down the house of cards .
When normal mortgages did not prime the pump enough , he encouraged them to take out variable-rate mortgages -- at a time when interest rates had nowhere to go but up .
Whether US investors had greater expertise in banking in emerging markets may be debatable ; that they had greater expertise in tax avoidance is not .
The question is no longer whether we can afford to do something , but rather how to control emissions in an equitable and effective way .
The problem with the Kyoto system is assigning caps that will be acceptable to developed and developing countries .
Kyoto 's underlying principle -- that countries that emitted more in 1990 are allowed to emit more in the future -- is unacceptable to developing countries , as is granting greater emission rights to countries with a higher GDP .
Yet , no one has proposed an acceptable set of principles for assigning emission rights .
But it was always recognized that America 's growth under President George W. Bush was not sustainable .
Second , the United States took advantage of this by lowering interest rates to unprecedented levels , inducing a housing bubble , with mortgages available to anyone not on a life-support system .
With house prices declining , fewer Americans will be willing and able to continue their profligacy .
If monetary authorities respond appropriately to growing inflationary pressure -- recognizing that much of it is imported , and not a result of excess domestic demand -- we may be able to manage our way through it .
But , unless taken to an intolerable level , these measures by themselves can not bring inflation down to the targeted levels .
And , to the extent that they acknowledge uncertainty , they tend to reduce unknowns to measurable `` risk . ''
Yet risk is just one -- relatively tractable -- aspect of uncertainty .
The final , most intractable aspect of incomplete knowledge is ignorance .
Of course , no one can reliably foresee the unpredictable , but we can learn from past mistakes .
When faced with immeasurable uncertainties , it is much more common for a scientific committee to spend hours negotiating a single interpretation of the risks , even when faced with a range of contending but equally well-founded analyses and judgments , often from different -LRB- but equally scientific -RRB- fields and disciplines .
Moreover , the decision 's relationship with the available science would be clearer , and the inherently political dimensions more transparent .
The most vulnerable firms are generally those with the highest public profile , those making the largest or most visible investments , those that are major sponsors of the Games , and those with some specific connection to Chinese government policies in Tibet .
Nonetheless , where firms or industries are particularly vulnerable to reputational issues , image and ethics could be a significant factor in more marginal business decisions -LRB- particularly with rising costs and tougher labor regulations already causing some firms to look elsewhere -RRB- .
But , given where we are , the benefits exceed the costs in countries with sustainable debt .
Sub-Saharan Africa depends heavily on commodity exports , so it is especially vulnerable to the global downturn .
Many African countries have used the past decade to put in place sound and sustainable economic policies that have delivered robust growth and low inflation .
When the storm has passed , low levels of public debt and sustainable public finances will be crucial to preserving spending that helps the poor and to bringing back the international investors who are indispensable for Africa 's future growth ;
This does not mean imposing rigid inflation targets . But a predictable monetary policy aimed at delivering medium-term price stability -- with a flexible exchange rate where appropriate -- benefits both the private sector and , most importantly , the poor .
As Africa and its partners navigate the financial storm together , we must ensure that the most vulnerable are not forgotten .
In addition , the absence of an IMF insurance facility with acceptable terms has been a major gap in the global financial architecture , especially for the more dynamic emerging-market economies .
With our members ' support , we are implementing important reforms to our lending policies that will encourage countries to approach the IMF early on , before crises become severe and almost intractable .
A new Flexible Credit Line makes high-volume financing available -- even before a crisis has struck -- without any ex post policy conditionality to qualifying countries with strong economic fundamentals and policy frameworks .
Third , the amount of lending available from the IMF is being raised substantially .
The IMF has already moved quickly to help many of our member countries in this time of crisis , including by protecting social spending in order to cushion the impact of the crisis on the most vulnerable .
The lending reforms adopted this week will enable us to be even more flexible and responsive in assisting even more countries .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Over the last quarter-century , the global economy enjoyed a remarkable stretch of stable growth and low inflation .
But , as the Great Moderation metastasized into the Great Recession , fatal flaws in conventional thinking came to light . One of the most notable was just how poorly we grasped the linkages between the financial system and the broader economy -- as well as the linkages between countries .
Equally important is the realization that by working together , we can build a more successful and more stable global economy , for the benefit of all countries .
Let me spell out what this means for three policy objectives : building a stronger and safer financial sector , achieving more balanced and more stable growth , and managing large and volatile capital flows .
Monetary policy needs to look beyond its core focus on low and stable inflation and pay much greater attention to financial stability .
But the common objective for fiscal policy must be to support durable medium-term growth and job creation .
Rising inequality may also have increased vulnerability to crisis : with fewer people able to dip into savings during bad times , the impact on growth is even larger .
This approach lies at the heart of the G-20 's efforts to achieve strong , stable , and balanced global growth .
During the crisis , we saw how quickly capital fled from countries previously considered safe bets . Today , many of these countries are reeling from a veritable tsunami of returning money .
Just as a family backstops its savings with insurance , countries should be able to tap into a global financial safety net .
Ma 's strategy suits China , whose leaders welcome being able to avoid confrontation with Taiwan , given their current focus on engineering their country 's `` peaceful rise . ''
But , since China knows that Ma is not advocating independence , they are able to countenance with greater equanimity his commitment to sustain the Republic of China on Taiwan .
There is no need to set a timetable for this .
But developments in recent years have enabled Turkey to become a more active player in the region , and to score several diplomatic successes .
Turkey was able not only to defuse the international tensions surrounding its Arab neighbor , but also to engineer the start of direct talks between Syria and Israel .
The absence of a common denominator among EU governments ' positions has hardly been conducive to the emergence of the cogent and reliable diplomacy needed to address the Middle East 's deep problems .
In these circumstances , Turkey has been able to leverage both its regional ties and its standing in the transatlantic community to play a more instrumental role vis-à-vis its southern neighbors .
The Ottoman legacy of a working state structure , tolerant of religion , has begun to be viewed in a more favorable light , and the contemporary Turkish model , with its ability to nurture a democracy-friendly Islam , is suddenly in demand .
But this assumes that Europe is willing and able to benefit from what Turkey has to offer .
On the contrary , it would make Europe a more influential and capable world power .
Pursued and harried by their enemies , they crossed high mountains , turbulent rivers , and impassable grassland , with Mao steering the course from victory to victory .
Despite the IMF 's undemocratic and corporate-like governance , which has undermined its legitimacy and credibility in the developing world and distorted efforts to extend its surveillance role , there is no alternative multilateral body available .
Obviously , the recent increases in food prices are likely to drive the number of people vulnerable to food stress even higher .
The major increases in food production associated with the Green Revolution in the 1960 's -- with considerable government and international not-for-profit support -- gave way to new policy priorities in the 1980 's .
Moreover , growing urbanization and other non-agricultural uses of land have reduced acreage available for food production , while agricultural land is increasingly used to produce commodities other than food , such as bio-fuels .
Attention will focus on turning the `` green shoots '' of recovery into sustainable `` green growth , '' leading to `` green economies '' consistent with the goal of protecting the world 's climate .
In order to provide more energy to meet development goals without accelerating global warming , there must be a shift to a new energy infrastructure built around renewables -LRB- of which the most significant are probably solar power , wind , and biofuels -RRB- , cleaner coal , and carbon capture and storage .
Market-based solutions to the climate challenge run the very serious risk of undermining development objectives , precisely because they aim to raise the price of energy services in order to make renewable energy sources attractive to private investors .
The big obstacle is access to predictable and affordable finance .
The scale of the needed support is comparable to the Marshall Plan , which committed 1 % of the United States ' GDP per year to help European reconstruction after World War II .
This time , moreover , the burden will not fall on one country alone , and a broader mix of traditional and innovative sources of financing are already available to help fund the required investment programs in energy efficiency and renewables .
Back in April , G-20 leaders accepted that investing in a low-carbon infrastructure , particularly energy services , is key to a truly sustainable economic and environmental future .
Instead of producing sustained rapid growth and economic stability , such policies made countries more vulnerable to the power of the rich and the vagaries of international finance and global instability , which has become more frequent and severe due to deregulation .
In addition , new and potentially viable production capacities need to be fostered through complementary developmental policies .
Structural transformations should promote full and productive employment as well as decent work , while governments should have enough policy and fiscal space to enable them to play a proactive role and to provide adequate universal social protection .
For the world 's poor , `` business as usual '' has never been an acceptable option .
There will be no real poverty eradication without equitable and sustainable economic development , which deregulated markets have proved unable to deliver on their own .
Austerity-based fiscal consolidation is likely to fail , because sustainable public budgets are best achieved on the basis of strong economic growth .
Meanwhile , agreeing on Basel 3 banking standards in just two years is commendable , especially as Basel 2 took a decade to negotiate .
The international community has , so far , failed to develop effective and equitable arrangements for restructuring sovereign debt , despite the clearly dysfunctional and problematic consequences of past international public-debt crises .
Global leadership today seems to be held hostage by financial interests and associated media , ideologists , and oligarchs whose political influence enables them to secure more rents and pay lower taxes in what must truly be the most vicious of circles .
Of course , if Europe helps North Africa build sustainable , prosperous democracies , this would be the greatest long-term deterrent to illegal migration of all .
It is in the EU 's economic and security interests to extend that generosity further eastward to assist the development of stable market-economies in Central Asia , the Caucasus and other CIS countries .
For some , indeed , the challenges look almost insurmountable .
Current EU members and successful candidate countries could make available large-scale training programs in market-relevant disciplines for the young generation in CIS countries ;
Italy 's unstable coalition governments of the 1970s and 1980s were largely unaccountable to voters , and were , in any case , paralyzed by infighting .
Nevertheless , for the first time in decades , Italy has a government elected on a platform to shrink government and lower taxes , and supported by a stable parliamentary majority .
And the existence of a viable alternative has had a disciplining effect on politicians : not by chance , Silvio Berlusconi 's government served its entire electoral term .
Voters were unable to choose between the incumbent and the opposition , because the same centrist parties were in office all the time .
The new electoral system changes the politicians ' incentives , and could induce a return to shifting coalitions and unstable governments .
Under the new electoral rules , seats are allotted to parties in proportion to votes , but a special provision induces parties to forge pre-electoral agreements : the pre-electoral coalition that wins the most votes receives a seat premium that ensures a comfortable majority in the Chamber of Deputies -LRB- the lower house -RRB- .
The new government will face formidable challenges .
In particular , the new constitution strengthens the powers of the prime minister and enables him to call early elections in the event of a government crisis .
As a result , Italy will soon return to its older tradition of short-lived governments and unstable coalitions .
Large groups of `` outsiders '' -LRB- young unemployed and first time job seekers , temporary workers , shopkeepers and other self-employed -RRB- do not see these supposed benefits because they lack a stable and protected job , or do not qualify for unemployment insurance , or are too young to benefit from public pension systems .
The Convention on the Future of Europe is discussing ways to integrate new policy areas , such as internal security , immigration , elements of a common foreign policy and of external security . But the Convention 's outcome is unpredictable .
America 's economy remains on the brink of a double dip recession , the dollar is weak , and Wall Street seems unable to recover .
Since the new information technologies are easily available in all advanced countries , one would think that productivity would have accelerated everywhere , not just in the US .
In other words , Europe has not been able to exploit the new technologies for productive purposes , both as a user and as a producer of IT .
In a world of internal and external security threats , the EU will need a stronger executive capable of reacting quickly to unfolding events .
But currently the president of the Commission is remote and inadequately accountable to his ultimate constituents .
A European Commission accountable to a divided European Parliament would thus be bogged down by the usual inefficiencies of coalition governments .
This is why the electoral college idea is so important : it allows for a gradual transition towards a regime that is desirable in the long run .
Ultimately , the President of the Commission would be accountable directly to voters .
Unstable coalition governments have been typical of Italy 's postwar politics .
From the Middle East to Latin America and Asia , many autocracies are taking gradual steps towards more democratic and accountable forms of government , or have become fully-fledged and well functioning democracies .
A democracy born in an open economic environment , with a well functioning market system , widespread foreign direct investment , and sizeable international trade , is likely to consolidate economic liberalism , stabilize expectations , and hence lead to more investment and faster growth .
France is a stable democracy , and large majorities in Parliament often support its governments .
But , ultimately , the best way to address them and prevent their resurgence is to make sure that economic opportunities are available to those who are determined to try .
Despite the weakness of Japan 's fiscal position , the market for Japanese Government Bonds -LRB- JGBs -RRB- remains stable , at least for now .
Given these factors , the JGB market , which has been stable so far , will face serious trouble in the years ahead .
What is most needed is consistent and stable macroeconomic management .
While China 's ability to maintain high growth through the `` Lehman Shock '' was a remarkable feat of economic management , three important changes in China hold geo-political implications for the region and the world .
Nevertheless , the market for Japanese Government Bonds -LRB- JGBs -RRB- has so far remained stable .
The second transformation is the substantial appreciation of the renminbi that seems inevitable in the coming years .
This will cause economic growth to slacken , complicating effective management of China 's domestic problems , which range from deep income disparities to the lack of political institutions capable of channeling popular grievances and demands .
But that means that international regulations will be needed to limit government intervention , or at least to define the circumstances in which it will be deemed acceptable .
Unfortunately , Japan 's public officials appear incapable of similar flexibility .
The problem of how to wean these countries off this addiction seems to be insurmountable .
But what is needed now are policies that will allow WANA to join the third industrial revolution -- the post-carbon economy of renewable energy and the fuel-cell plug-in car .
In these circumstances , more complicated regulations merely mean more billable hours for lawyers , more income for regulators switching sides , and more profits for derivatives traders .
Crédit Suisse and other investment banks say that 50 billion barrels are available .
But it will no longer be able to condemn the US for not signing environmental treaties , or point a finger at China for its massive output of pollution .
Much less will Brazil be able to demand from its neighbors a commitment to sustainable development .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and recent statements by CIA Director George Tenet that North Korea possesses missiles capable of reaching the US West Coast undoubtedly shocked Americans out of their complacency over North Korea 's nuclear status .
President Putin enjoys a relationship of trust with Kim and thus may be able to persuade him that only by abiding by international law will he ensure his country 's future and that this , indeed , is the only option left open to him .
But they conveniently ignore the fact that the Code of Conduct is voluntary and thus not enforceable .
It did so by a gentlemen 's agreement , and with reasonable success .
Even though lack of foresight is universally viewed as a leading cause of its Iraq debacle , the United States -LRB- with British backing probable -RRB- is now preparing to recognize Kosovo 's independence unilaterally -- irrespective of the consequences for Europe and the world .
Instead of thinking what Ahtisaari deemed unthinkable , a partition of Kosovo with a small part of the north going to Serbia and the rest linked to the Kosovars ethnic brethren in Albania or a separate state , the US plans to act without the UN 's blessing , arguing that only an independent Kosovo will bring stability to the Western Balkans .
That argument is debatable -- and the record of the Kosovar government suggests that it is wrong .
Kazakhstan is a suitable partner for the ENP in every respect .
Taiwan , on the other hand , does not grab our attention , because it is stable and flourishing economically .
Her overwhelming triumph has vindicated her belief that ordinary Bangladeshis want a secular and stable future for their country -- one that , in contrast to Pakistan , is characterized by warm relations with their giant neighbor , India .
To some extent , it is surprising that the Islamist parties did not do better , considering their success elsewhere in mobilizing the most marginalized and vulnerable in society .
If the Awami League is unable to address the country 's systematic poverty and social inequality , Islamism may well yet succeed in rallying the impoverished to its banner .
Hamas and Hezbollah prospered in this way because the governing authorities were either unable or unwilling to address grassroots poverty .
There are also understandable fears that diverging from the official line would trigger a flood of compensation claims , as occurred against Germany .
The northernmost region , Somaliland , situated strategically at the opening to the Red Sea and home to roughly 3.5 million of Somalia 's 10 million people , is more or less autonomous and stable .
So , two years after Kosovo 's independence , and a year after Russian troops wrenched Abkhazia and South Ossetia from Georgia , it is high time for diplomats and statesmen to provide some guidelines as to when and in what circumstances secession is likely to be acceptable .
Even if greed is ruled out as an acceptable motive , in favor of traditional ethno-cultural nationalism , a profusion of tiny tribal states might make the world far more unstable .
· Secessionists should have a reasonable claim to being a national group that , preferably , enjoyed stable self-government in the past on the territory they claim .
This was done at the behest of the United States , which at the time was embroiled in the Vietnam War and required , for understandable security reasons , the use of the island of Diego Garcia as an air and naval base .
But , as the so-called Comprehensive Peace Agreement -LRB- CPA -RRB- reaches its climax , the SPLM , based in the autonomous region of South Sudan , has abandoned all pretense that unity with the North and the government in Khartoum is either possible or desirable .
If the non-Muslim South had gained at independence a large degree of religious , cultural , and administrative autonomy within a devolved federal structure , it is conceivable that the country could have remained at peace .
The case for South Sudan 's independence is bolstered by the fact that it would be economically sustainable .
An independent South Sudan would force the West to confront established orthodoxies about Africa , in particular the belief that countries like Somalia and Nigeria are more stable whole than they would be in two or more constituent parts .
Indeed , an independent South Sudan is expected to grant diplomatic recognition to Somaliland , the successful and stable former British protectorate that has had de facto independence from the rest of Somalia since 1991 .
Undoubtedly , South Sudan would face colossal challenges as a sovereign state , but the alternative -- an inevitable return to war -- would be incalculably worse , both for Sudan and for Africa .
For them , and for the cause of lasting peace in the region , that could be an immensely valuable start to the new year .
The atmosphere of violence is palpable in other ways .
The `` strategic partnership '' that both America and the European Union have at times sought with China looks both more plausible and more desirable with democratic India .
With a Muslim President , a Sikh Prime Minister , a Hindu Foreign Minister , and a foreign-born Christian President of its ruling Congress party , India is as remarkable a success story as the twenty-year boom that China 's Communist Party has delivered .
If completed , the Nabucco pipeline will make Iran an indispensable EU energy partner .
Berlusconi 's center-right coalition won election in 2001 by claiming to be the sole political force capable of launching -- and completing -- an ambitious reform program .
But reaching this figure will not be possible -- even if scaled back -- because the government seems unable to curb public spending and because the European Commission will not accept new budgetary subterfuges from Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti aimed at evading the constraints imposed by the Euro-zone 's Growth and Stability Pact .
Were Berlusconi only a statesman , one could argue that realpolitik is a justifiable prerogative of a sovereign state : strategic considerations often trump the pursuit of more noble goals , such as promotion of human rights .
Indeed , a rather straightforward pattern emerges from the American diplomatic cables released by WikiLeaks so far .
Italian officials privately confirm that the current figures are not unmanageable .
TUNIS -- Ten months after the collapse of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali 's authoritarian regime , Tunisia has produced a remarkable balancing act between the revolutionary urge for change and a pragmatic need for continuity .
With elections for a constitutional assembly due to take place on October 23 , the country that ignited the `` Arab Awakening '' is emerging as a regional paradigm for a stable democratic transition .
A `` Higher Council , '' made up of notables of different backgrounds and political orientations , has been established to steer the transition .
Betraying some nostalgia , senior members of the administration speak privately of a `` remarkable continuity '' in the Tunisian transition .
The ascent of Nahda -LRB- Renaissance -RRB- , the leading Islamist party , is less a reflection of latent ideological support among a newly liberated people than it is a testament to the party 's remarkable ability to fill the post-revolutionary political vacuum .
Indeed , it is precisely the Eurocrats ' detachment from everyday politics that has enabled the EU to deliver .
In normal times , that is unacceptable to most citizens .
If he achieves this , Obama 's long trip will be valuable for Americans , and Asians will realize that it was worth waiting for him .
Two very different efforts at `` nation building '' are galvanizing world attention : America 's struggle to construct a viable polity in Iraq and the EU 's ambitious project of making Europe into a true `` Union . ''
Whatever one says or does , they may be unable to see themselves as part of a larger sovereign people .
First , with the current raw materials bonanza driving up prices of exported goods , the region is increasingly vulnerable to the so-called `` Dutch disease , '' whereby higher wages and prices spread throughout the economy , weakening competitiveness , particularly in industrial markets .
Gbagbo 's refusal to accept defeat has met with a remarkable international rebuke .
And US President Barack Obama congratulated Ouattara , and said that the world would `` hold those who act to thwart the democratic process and the will of the electorate accountable for their actions . ''
In that spirit , the continent took considerable pride in the successful execution of the 2010 election and in Ivorian voters ' courageous and disciplined behavior .
In coming decades , a strong bilateral partnership will prove vital in managing the rise of China and promoting an Asian balance of power that is favorable to India , the United States , and Asia as a whole .
From an economic point of view , the Lisbon Strategy 's aim is to transform Europe into a power able to compete on equal terms with the US today and the great Asian countries .
But as the states wo n't be able to do everything alone and wo n't renounce maintaining political control , we must be able to link the Union 's policies and those of specific states .
The reason is clear : it is , thankfully , no longer fashionable to decry colonialism 's evils in assigning blame for every national misfortune .
With the sole exception of Zimbabwe , no leading politician in any post-imperial country has made a notable speech in recent years attacking colonialism .
In Zimbabwe , colonial land ownership patterns that gave most of the viable farmland to white settlers are at least one root of the country 's current crisis .
When a state has more than one colonial past , its future is vulnerable . Ethnicity or language hardly seem to be a factor in the secessions -LRB- one recognized , the other not -RRB- of Eritrea from Ethiopia and the `` Republic of Somaliland '' from Somalia .
The collapse of effective central governments - manifested in recent years in Sierra Leone , Liberia and Somalia - could unleash a torrent of alarming possibilities because `` weak states , '' particularly in Africa , seem vulnerable to collapsing in a welter of conflict .
Underdevelopment in many countries of the South , which are faring poorly in their struggle to remain viable in a globalizing world , creates conditions of desperate poverty , ecological collapse and rootless , unemployed populations beyond the control of atrophying state systems .
The Indian Exception NEW DELHI -- The ratification by the United States Congress of the historic India-US Nuclear Agreement marks a remarkable new development in world affairs .
An Obama Moment for India 's Untouchables
While many analysts in a wide variety of nations , especially in Europe , have concluded that such an event could not occur there in the foreseeable future , India is an exception .
The closest Indian analogy to the position of black Americans is that of the Dalits -- formerly called `` Untouchables , '' the outcastes who for millennia suffered humiliating discrimination and oppression .
This is a remarkable development : the idea that a Dalit woman could lead India has been inconceivable for 3,000 years .
She has been accused , but not convicted , of corruption several times , with one notable case involving the construction of an elaborate shopping complex near the Taj Mahal , in violation of zoning laws .
Instead the world was made to see an insecure and vulnerable India , a `` soft state '' bedevilled by enemies who can strike it at will .
So if the US and India demand , as they will , that Pakistan disband the Lashkar and similar terrorist outfits that have enjoyed military patronage in the past , dismantle their training facilities , freeze their bank accounts -LRB- before they are simply transferred to another name -RRB- and arrest their leaders , they will face a typically Pakistani conundrum : the military is n't willing , and the civilian government is n't able .
Pakistan is likely to face disagreeable diplomatic and economic consequences for inaction .
Israel is a small country living in a permanent state of siege , highly security-conscious and surrounded by forces hostile to it ; India is a giant country whose borders are notoriously permeable , an open society known for its lax and easy-going ways .
Terrorism has taken more lives in India than in any country in the world after Iraq , and yet , unlike Israel , India has seemed unable to do anything about it .
While India 's government had briefly hoped that the proof might enable Pakistan 's weak civilian government to rein in the malign elements in its society , the Pakistani authorities ' reaction has been one of denial .
India understands , though , that the collateral damage would be too high , the price in civilian lives unacceptable , and the risks of the conflict spiraling out of control too acute to contemplate such an option .
First , India has considerable resources of its own to put towards growth , and has proven itself skilled at the art of channelling domestic savings into productive investments .
India 's private sector is efficient and entrepreneurial , and its capital and management skills have proven able to control and manage assets in the sophisticated financial markets of the developed West .
But it does come , and once a policy consensus has been established , it tends to be durable .
So everything from the development of tourism in the 18 countries to the transfer of science and technology is on the table .
But such teething pains are inevitable in any new group , and the seeds of future cooperation have already been sown .
As ITU Secretary-General Hamadoun Touré has put it , `` In the twenty-first century , affordable , ubiquitous broadband networks will be as critical to social and economic prosperity as networks like transport , water , and power . ''
One successful UNESCO initiative is the creation of multipurpose community telecenters throughout the developing world , providing communication and information facilities -- phone , fax , Internet , computers , audio-visual equipment -- for a wide range of community uses . India 's Unique Identification Number project , under the capable stewardship of information-technology pioneer Nandan Nilekani , will enable access to government , banking , and insurance services at the grass-roots level .
But the digital divide is no immutable gap .
The Indian story is even more remarkable .
This includes four specific targets : `` an open , rule-based , predictable , non-discriminatory trading and financial system '' ; special attention to the needs of least-developed countries ; help for landlocked developing countries and small island states ; and national and international measures to deal with developing countries ' debt problems .
The dispute remained intractable , and dragged interminably through the courts .
Three of India 's Presidents have been Muslim , as have been innumerable cabinet ministers , ambassadors , generals , and Supreme Court justices , not to mention cricket captains .
To them , an independent India , freed after nearly 1,000 years of alien rule -LRB- first Muslim , then British -RRB- and rid of a sizable portion of its Muslim population by Partition , is obliged to embody and assert the triumphant indigenous identity of the 82 % of the population who consider themselves Hindu .
The clincher came when large deposits of natural gas were found in Burma , which , it was clear , would not be available to an India deemed hostile to the junta .
India confronts an inescapable fact of geopolitics : you can put your ideals on hold , but you can not change who your neighbors are .
Indeed , non-violence could only work against opponents vulnerable to a loss of moral authority -- that is , governments responsive to domestic and international public opinion , and thus capable of being shamed into conceding defeat .
The power of Gandhian non-violence rests in being able to say , `` To show you that you are wrong , I punish myself . ''
India at the UN High Table
Coming in the wake of India 's record margin of victory in the race for a non-permanent seat on the Security Council , this news confirms India 's standing in the world and the contribution it is capable of making on the Council .
This is an unusual year at the UN high table .
The five permanent Security Council members -- the US , Britain , France , China , and Russia -- will not be able to take these members for granted . They have become accustomed in recent years to making deals among themselves and more or less imposing them on the ten non-permanent members .
All in all , India 's place on the Security Council offers an extraordinary opportunity , after two decades of absence from the global high table , to demonstrate to the world what it is capable of .
In short , the UN has been a highly adaptable institution , one that has evolved in response to changing times .
The UN 's reputation suffered in the US because it did not support the Bush administration on the war -- and in the 19 other countries because it was unable to prevent the war .
When I joined the UN , it was almost unthinkable for the organization to take sides between democracy and dictatorship , or to seek to intervene in members ' internal affairs .
The UN is setting up a Democracy Fund to increase assistance for building democracy , and we have proposed establishing a Peace-Building Commission to help countries move from war to durable peace .
The UN can be a much more effective instrument if its member states in the General Assembly and the Security Council are better organized and give clearer directives to us in the Secretariat -- along with the flexibility to carry them out -- and then hold us clearly accountable .
Mayawati , an `` untouchable '' woman , has ruled India 's most populous state , Uttar Pradesh , as Chief Minister three times , and now enjoys a secure majority .
Democracy has sustained an India that safeguards the common space available to each identity .
However , something much less tangible , but a good deal more valuable in the twenty-first century , may be more important than any of them : India 's `` soft power . ''
And there 's the international spin-off of India just being itself . India 's remarkable pluralism was on display after national elections in May 2004 , when a leader with a Roman Catholic background -LRB- Sonia Gandhi -RRB- made way for a Sikh -LRB- Manmohan Singh -RRB- to be sworn in as Prime Minister by a Muslim -LRB- President Abdul Kalam -RRB- -- in a country that is 81 % Hindu .
But he has made no headway at all with the regime that rules his homeland , and he has been unable to prevent Tibet 's inexorable transformation into a Chinese province .
Can the Elephant Dance with the Dragon ? TRIVANDRUM , INDIA -- It is fashionable these days , particularly in the West , to speak of India and China in the same breath .
Thanks mainly to the export of Buddhism from India to China , Chinese came to Indian universities , visited Indian courts , and wrote memorable accounts of their voyages .
If you restrict your search to randomized controlled trials , generally considered the most reliable design for investigating the efficacy of treatments , still more than 3,200 hits appear .
True , many of these studies document the short-term , and in some cases the long-term , effects of various treatments , and generally with an acceptable trade-off between efficacy and safety .
To be sure , if many millions of people are prescribed a group of drugs , not only for depression , but also for many other mental health problems , it is quite reasonable that some of them will suffer an adverse effect or reaction .
Reports of severe adverse effects in adults are rare , while children and adolescents with depression seem much more vulnerable .
In this and other ways , the rainforest could be harnessed to finance development and generate growth in a socially inclusive and sustainable way .
Developing countries need to ensure reliable property rights and policy enforcement in order to generate the incentives needed to protect nature in the future .
To its credit , the Brazilian government has revoked policies that had previously encouraged land clearing in the Amazon , and has mandated that 80 % of privately owned forestland be used only for sustainable management of forest resources .
Five years ago , many people warned that excess spending in the West and undervalued exchange rates in Asia were producing unsustainable imbalances .
Many researchers warned in 2005 that imbalances between the US and East Asia were unsustainable , noting that they were driven by excess spending in the US and undervalued exchange rates in East Asia .
If imbalances between the US and China are thus unsustainable , it makes sense for policymakers to pursue a soft landing .
In the case of the US , this requires recognizing that the government faces a budget constraint . For China , it means redirecting saving away from reserve accumulation towards cash-strapped small and medium-size enterprises , as well as much-needed investments in education , health care , and affordable housing .
These measures will need to be revisited both to increase the supply of labor and to make public finances more sustainable .
So why have the Europeans been unable to sustain improvements in both foundations of growth -- employment and productivity -- at the same time ?
It is a sad reflection on the state of the EU that it seems unable to agree on the one clear productivity-advancing piece of legislation when improving productivity is held out as a shared goal .
This suggests that , although Egyptians may not necessarily prefer strongman rule , they are entirely comfortable with it and may even believe that it is necessary .
Unfortunately , while angry protesters have sometimes forced unwelcome rulers out of power , they have been unable to replace tyrants with governments that respect the public 's wishes .
Governments throughout the EU should focus on raising productivity -- not just in the most internationally exposed sectors , like manufacturing , but also in less tradable sectors , such as services , which now account for around two-thirds of economic activity .
But improvement presupposes diagnosing why Europe 's productivity performance , with a few notable exceptions , has been so bad .
But , unlike the obsession with `` competitiveness , '' such reforms would lead Europe onto the path of sustainable growth .
We now know that the best credit must stand behind the rest , or else bear runs , such as those that have derailed Greece , Ireland , and Portugal -- and that now threaten to do the same to Italy and Spain -- are inevitable .
Leaders agreed to lower interest rates on loans made by the European Financial Stability Fund -LRB- EFSF -RRB- and they recognized that Greece 's debt burden is unsustainable .
Only mutualization of debt issuance can generate the low -LRB- risk-free -RRB- interest rate needed to enable these countries to put their public finances on a sound footing and lay the basis for a return to economic growth .
This is the understandable fear of countries such as Germany and the Netherlands .
After years of strong growth and remarkable resilience , the Union 's new member states in the east are being hit hard by the economic turmoil that started in the west .
The EU is an indisputable success , constituting the largest integrated economic area in the world and accounting for more than 30 % of world GDP and around 17 % of world trade .
But many of the older member states also benefitted , and not only in economically measureable ways .
This process enabled western European companies and banks to expand into new markets with higher growth rates and , thereby satisfying pent-up demand and tapping unrealized potential .
The EU drew the right conclusions when it stressed that national bank rescue packages must not be designed in ways that starve subsidiaries , and also by doubling -- to ¤ 50 billion -- the crisis funds available to EU countries outside the euro zone .
By taking the right steps now , the Union is laying the foundations that will enable it to emerge from today 's difficulties strengthened and more united .
Cooperation and coordination of this kind and at this level were unattainable during earlier financial crises .
This crisis has shown that the need for adequately capitalized public institutions is enormous . This will remain the case for the foreseeable future .
This will lead to higher unemployment , with inevitable social strains and further stress on already heavily burdened state coffers .
Within the framework of enhanced and improved integration and cooperation , we will have to find solutions to put recovery on a safer and more sustainable footing .
Communicable disease outbreaks occur over days to weeks -LRB- or at the most , months -RRB- ; the danger is `` clear and present '' ; and prevention and control generally requires intervention by the state -- the quarantine of victims , tracing and immunization of contacts , or elimination of environmental sources of the infectious agent .
The epidemic happens silently over years or decades ; the danger is either not recognized or not considered avoidable ; and action is often seen as the responsibility of the individual -LRB- lifestyle modification -RRB- or health-care system -LRB- pharmaceutical prescription -RRB- , rather than the state .
Beyond these population-based surveillance functions , the registry was able to support patient care by ensuring that individual health-care providers and patients were made aware of elevated or rising HbA1c levels .
The Board of Health 's initiative has been widely praised as exemplifying the application of classical communicable-disease surveillance-and-control tools to a chronic disease .
This data would then be securely transferred -LRB- electronically -RRB- to a suitable data warehouse .
After appropriate cleaning -LRB- checking for missing data , correcting coding errors -RRB- , and anonymizing , the data would be available for access and querying .
In view of the rising burden of diabetes and other chronic diseases throughout the world , urgent attention must be devoted to strengthening surveillance systems for noncommunicable diseases at all levels -- from local practices to global institutions .
But to be the victim of a crime is obviously more respectable than being a criminal .
Indeed , it was the display of the box among the artifacts that the Hiroshima museum lent to the American institution that made the exhibition unacceptable to the former `` heroes . ''
Everywhere and at all times , being civilized means being able to recognize and accept the humanity of others , despite their different modes of living .
His argument is implacable : `` There is civilization on one hand and barbarism on the other .
Moreover , boom in global consumption of cocaine -- owing to higher demand in Europe and Latin America , together with stable demand in the United States -- has brought new income to some Bolivians .
Moreover , neighboring countries such as Argentina and Brazil have shown a remarkable degree of understanding for Bolivia 's domestic predicament . They have sought to avoid , wherever possible , economic or political disputes with Morales 's government , and have become more diligent about exerting a positive influence on Bolivian affairs .
There is a window of opportunity to rebuild its state and institutions in more viable forms .
This trend was accompanied by the fact that these societies were marked by a high degree of inequality , as well as unstable economies , weak political parties , fragmented oppositions , and fragile institutions .
In Colombia , Álvaro Uribe -LRB- 2002-2006 , 2006-2010 -RRB- , in power since 2002 , got his chance for a first re-election in 2006 through a questionable constitutional reform , and appears set to try for a third term by forcing a referendum to amend the constitution again .
In a way , this reveals a paradox of Latin American democracy : exclusive , minority governments that devalue and weaken the state are no longer acceptable , while the rise of personalismo -- a concentration of power and coupled with refractory political tactics -- are bringing about fragmentation and unruly governance .
Although Uribe is now technically a `` lame duck '' president , he does retain considerable influence , and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security -- the central focus of his presidency -- at the heart of the electoral battle .
In contrast to men like Funes , Ortega , Mujica , and Chávez , whose careers began in guerrilla movements or failed coups , Mockus 's past is irreproachable .
Moreover , Mockus 's sensitivity towards human-rights concerns distinguishes him from Uribe , who leaves behind a deplorable legacy in this regard .
The Liberal Party , a coalition comprising a cross-section of the center-left , and the leftist Polo Democrático have no chance of victory , although their support for a Mockus government would be important in forging a stable parliamentary majority .
It is not clear whether these laws will actually punish the crimes or merely reduce the visibility of the numbers : if a crime requires certain difficult-to-prove elements in order to be considered a femicide , a large number of murders will remain on the books as simple homicides , and the authorities will be able to say they have `` reduced '' the femicide rate .
The ability to determine the principal genes that account for our variable response to prescription drugs has been advanced by a technique known as a genome-wide association study -LRB- GWAS -RRB- .
Nevertheless , substantive and remarkable progress has been made , all in the last few years .
Even though Wangari lives in Kenya 's capital , she is able to reap hundreds of dollars a year in profit from cash crops grown with the help of relatives .
Absentee agriculture also bolsters national pride -- and pride in traditional diets -- by specializing in vegetables specific to the region . `` For too long our country has been flooded with imported food and Westernized foods , '' Wangari says .
In another move to distinguish her ingredients from Western versions , Kinyanjui also sells through grocery stores flour flavored with Amarathan , a green vegetable that grows around Kenya .
As more African women continue to be educated , I dream of the day when we , too , will be able to decide for ourselves .
When , after the 2007 election , Kibaki was declared the winner under questionable circumstances , Kenyans ' patience ran out .
When enacted , human-rights advocates lauded it as a law that was going to end the suffering of Kenya 's disabled people .
One of the most obvious violations of the law is the flouting of Section 23 , which requires all public-transit vehicles to be accessible to disabled people .
During rush hour in Nairobi , it is nearly impossible for disabled people to get to the city center to work in their tiny businesses , which normally involve selling sweets and polishing shoes near the sidewalks , by public transportation . Those disabled people who do not leave the city early are forced to wait until after dusk , when they can get a seat on a bus .
In the IMF 's view , '' -LRB- m -RRB- ajor financial institutions in mature ... markets -LRB- were -RRB- ... healthy , having remained profitable and well capitalized , '' and `` the financial sectors in many countries are in a strong position to cope with any cyclical challenges and further market corrections to come . ''
It is , frankly , inconceivable that the Fund would have failed so miserably in detecting them .
The Idle Fireman WASHINGTON , DC -- One of the IMF 's main purposes is to `` give confidence to members by making -LRB- its -RRB- general resources temporarily available to them . ''
An idle fireman looked desirable .
The traditional model of trading financial support for conditionality does not bode well with emerging economies that , despite having strong macroeconomic fundamentals , still need help to cope with external shocks . `` Giving confidence '' to this sort of customer requires the capacity to provide quick , automatic , meaningful , and front-loaded financial support ; otherwise , accumulating reserves and pooling them in regional agreements will still look like a more reliable option .
According to the `` new quota formula , '' members that issue international reserve currencies still appear to be those with more `` potential need to borrow '' from the IMF . This is laughable .
No wonder , then , that members rely more on their capacity to accumulate reserves than on the Fund 's ability to provide opportune , affordable , and reliable financial support .
If the IMF is to provide short-term liquidity to members in need , a crucial question that must be resolved is whether such financial assistance should be available only to those with strong macroeconomic fundamentals .
The IMF must change this . `` Normal access '' should be raised to levels that are concomitant with members ' potential need to borrow , and a new liquidity line to provide reliable and meaningful front-loaded financial support should be created .
How can it be right that those least responsible for global warming will be the worst hit and the least able to affect the global deal that we need ?
It wo n't happen suddenly , but current scientific developments will make change inevitable .
This Russia is neither capable , nor desirous of , full integration with the West .
Foreign investment is still viewed as desirable , but no one attaches primary importance to attracting it anymore .
Because America only respects strong partners , Russia will modernize the components of its national power that make it comparable to the US , in particular its nuclear arsenal .
But if Russia acts as a reliable rear guard and provider of energy and military hardware , China is unlikely to seriously object to expanding Russian influence .
Putin chose Medvedev carefully , and not only for his unquestionable loyalty , vitally important as that is .
Speaking recently at the Russian Academy of Science , he said that the Soviet economy was structurally incapable of using most of the technological secrets procured through KGB industrial espionage .
Putin plans to stay in the Kremlin for two more presidential terms , another 12 years , as he is enabled to do by the recently-amended constitution .
The Russian market is also attractive to many others , from tiny Kyrgyzstan to sizable Ukraine .
But Putin 's other comments , less familiar to Western readers , refer to the Soviet system as `` unviable . ''
Internationalists had to come to terms with the simple fact that , on its own , trade did not automatically enable peace .
In economic terms , they have had considerable success .
There were many more candidates in 1997 , three years before the 2000 presidential election , a veritable parade of names representing different sections of the nomenklatura and political spectrum : Chernomyrdin , Yavlinskiy , Lebed , Luzhkov , Nemtsov , Zhirinovskiy .
This should bring better mutual understanding and a more rational and accountable foreign policy .
But Russia 's government still needs to set up a transparent and accountable structure to manage its sovereign wealth .
More importantly , protesters are demanding that the government resign -- unthinkable just a year ago .
How did reasonable economic policies prevail in this crisis ?
Fast and sustainable economic growth requires the rule of law , accountable , meritocratic , and non-corrupt bureaucrats , protection of property rights , contract enforcement , and competitive markets .
Even the recently announced privatization of non-controlling stakes in the largest state-owned firms -- while timely and laudable -- will not create an irreversible commitment to reform .
It is not unthinkable that management will simply ignore the boards .
We will know soon -LRB- certainly before July 1 -RRB- whether Russia 's president can implement even a part of his agenda -- and whether he is willing and able to build his own power base in the process .
Many countries - including the Czech Republic , Hungary , and Poland - run large budget deficits and need to implement medium-term reforms to make their pension systems sustainable and to overhaul overly generous social security systems .
Such thinking reflects an age-old fear : as Plato put it , citizens would get '' information without proper instruction and , in consequence , be thought very knowledgeable when they are for the most part quite ignorant . '' It is a fear that has echoed down through history ever since , from the Catholic Church cursing Gutenberg 's movable type to the Victorian bourgeois complaining of the newly discovered freedom of the press .
Print , paper , and newspapers enabled the rise of new types of political systems based on expanded popular participation .
Blogs and social-networking platforms encourage seamless , cost-free association -- the most efficient form of organization imaginable .
Advertising revenue would be replaced by government subsidies , raising predictable questions about the impact on content .
So risk managers in banks applied the techniques of probability analysis to `` value at risk '' calculations , without asking whether samples of recent events really carried strong inferences for the probable distribution of future events .
And at regulatory agencies like Britain 's Financial Services Authority -LRB- which I lead -RRB- , the belief that financial innovation and increased market liquidity were valuable because they complete markets and improve price discovery was not just accepted ; it was part of the institutional DNA .
Similarly , regulation and enforcement to prevent market abuse was justifiable , because rational agents can also be greedy , corrupt , or even criminal .
And regulation to increase market transparency was not only acceptable , but a central tenet of the doctrine , since transparency , like financial innovation , was believed to complete markets and help generate increased liquidity and price discovery .
Transparency was essential in order to reduce information costs , but it was beyond the ideology to recognize that information imperfections might be so deep as to be unfixable , and that some forms of trading activity , however transparent , might be socially useless .
Sophisticated human institutions -- such as those that form the policymaking and regulatory system -- are impossible to manage without a set of ideas that are sufficiently complex and internally consistent to be intellectually credible , but simple enough to provide a workable basis for day-to-day decision-making .
There is therefore a danger that excessive focus on `` too big to fail '' could become a new form of the belief that if only we could identify and correct some crucial market failure , we would , at last , achieve a stable and self-equilibrating system .
If we allow this madness to continue , the eventual use of these instruments of terror seems all but inevitable .
The unspeakable human suffering that they inflict is the same whatever flag they may bear .
We must not tolerate a system of nuclear apartheid , in which it is considered legitimate for some states to possess nuclear arms but patently unacceptable for others to seek to acquire them .
Just as unsettling is the Pentagon 's push for the development of nuclear-armed drones -- H-bombs deliverable by remote control .
The first step is to gather reliable information so that it is possible to know what international measures are required to prevent a disaster .
The danger in Zimbabwe appears to be comparable .
Only three political forces offer real , viable alternatives to our ruling criminal clans .
Belief in a government answerable to the people and in a transparent market purged of insider dealing no longer guides government policy .
Corruption , however , is inevitable because the rule of law , which is the market = s ultimate guarantor , depends on the consent of all its participants and their belief in its core fairness .
For maintaining a constitutional order and viable free market requires an intuitive dislike of arbitrariness , a sensitivity to its manifestations , and spontaneous resistance .
Indeed , this did happen with the one property recovery that my government was able to secure , the giant Kryvorizhstal steel works that our former president 's son-in-law gained through a rigged sale at a bargain price .
We must give up the hope of liberty within an ordered society and market and resign ourselves to that interminable war of all against all of which Hobbes spoke .
These choices are as false as they are intolerable .
The settlement between Ukraine and Russia 's state-owned gas monopoly , Gazprom , is intolerable because Ukraine 's energy future has been placed in the hands of RosUkrEnergo , a criminal canker on the body of our state gas corporation .
A viable Russia policy for Europe must recognize Europe 's growing dependence on Russian energy resources .
This domestic shortage means that Gazprom is unable to increase supply to Europe , at least in the short term , unless it can buy gas at below-market rates from its Eastern European and Central Asian neighbors and in turn sell it to its European customers at market prices .
But without making Iran weigh real costs against its nuclear plans , Iran will have little reason to consider the suspension of uranium enrichment and plutonium dabbling -LRB- both are usable for nuclear fuel-making but abusable for bomb-making -RRB- that the Europeans and the United States have made a condition for serious negotiations to take place .
If suspicions are correct that Iran has been secretly learning how to build and trigger a nuclear device , and also to shape a missile cone to carry such a warhead -LRB- as well as publicly developing nuclear-capable , far-flying missiles -RRB- , then once it has fully mastered uranium enrichment it will soon be poised to break out at short notice , at a moment of its choosing , from the NPT 's limits .
As a result , something remarkable for a former Soviet country informs the habits of those who are demanding that their liberties be preserved : a deep respect for the rule of law , which is the ultimate check on abuse of power .
But keeping Russia at arm 's length from Europe has only strengthened the sense of isolation that many Russians feel , tempting them to define the country 's interests in ways that are irreconcilable with those of Europe .
Moreover , under President Kuchma , the country is unable to respond to the West 's strategic interests in Ukraine with practical signs of cooperation .
Independent , too , of global opinion , which long ago eliminated him from the list of respectable politicians .
No regime built on limitless self-delusion is capable of retaining a shred of legitimacy once the scale of its self-deception is exposed .
Because only fragments of reliable information reached ordinary Ukrainians at the time , my memories of Chernobyl are necessarily sketchy .
Unaccountable governments are almost inevitably unconcerned about their citizens ' fate .
It is official indifference , however , that is truly unpardonable , perhaps because indifferent officials never feel the guilt of which Levi wrote .
Unable to assure himself of a tame presidential successor , Kuchma wants what he calls a `` parliamentary republic '' with a weak president and powerful prime minister .
Within Ukraine , a government capable of truly governing should seek to adopt EU laws and norms in exactly the manner that the countries poised to join the Union have done , thus helping to clean up the murky system in which Kuchma 's criminal cronies flourish .
The constitution must be reformed , but not to shift power from one unaccountable leader to another .
Moreover , free-trade agreements are typically seen as politically valuable : countries tied by commerce are supposedly less likely to shoot at each other .
But that trade should reflect Ukraine 's competing with the world , unconstrained by a private deal that excludes outsiders and their demands for a stable and predictable legal environment and the best business practices .
But it does not view Ukraine as a candidate for EU membership , at least not in the foreseeable future .
Thus the new EU border with Ukraine is making its presence felt in the most negative way imaginable - by hurting business on both sides of the border .
In the EU , only Poland seems to want Ukraine as a prosperous , stable , and accessible neighbor , not as a poor and rickety one with a dodgy democracy and even dodgier nuclear power stations .
There is also a feeling that a larger EU might simply be unable to function .
We recognize that an unstable government can swing back to uncompromising intransigence .
Sweden 's Lessons for Managing Financial Crisis STOCKHOLM -- Although Sweden is a small country , its experiences managing its financial crisis of the early 1990 's may provide valuable lessons for others .
However , many of these plants are unable to keep up with rapid population growth and attendant increases in demand .
Other resources like fuel oil , diesel , light crude , solar , and gas are also available as means of electricity generation , but their costs are all quite prohibitive .
Some argue that gas might be a better alternative to hydro or coal , but for countries that must import much of their gas the benefits of a stable and reliable source of cheap fuel in the form of coal present a very strong counter-argument to the capital costs of a gas plant .
In contrast , coal prices are more stable , and may remain that way for a long time .
The demand outlook thus appears favorable for the coal industry , creating significant investment opportunities .
Failure to do so would be a missed opportunity at a time when African countries must avail themselves of all available resources for poverty reduction .
But schools must be able to meet the needs and abilities of individual children in a way that makes learning a stimulating adventure .
This is all the more remarkable insofar as the principle of competition on which it relies has taken root in a country where competition within the area of public services has not generally been accepted .
Indeed , in August , World Food Program Executive Director James Morris revealed that the WFP had delivered only 430 tons of the 5,500 tons of rice earmarked for vulnerable people in Burma 's northern Arakan State because of restrictions imposed by the regime .
In order for HIV\/AIDS programs to be effective and sustainable , affected communities must have the freedom to organize and empower themselves .
It is caused by imbalanced nutrition or a lack of vitamins and essential minerals that enable the human body to grow and that maintain its vital functions .
Science has demonstrated the cost-effectiveness of food fortification , and the technologies and know-how are available in the private sector , which has the capacity to innovate and deliver products to the poorest .
Two Energy Futures By 2100 , the world 's energy system will be radically different from today 's . Renewable energy like solar , wind , hydroelectricity , and biofuels will make up a large share of the energy mix , and nuclear energy , too , will have a place .
As a result , we will have no choice but to add other sources of energy -- renewables , yes , but also more nuclear power and unconventional fossil fuels such as oil sands .
But it offers the world the best chance of reaching a sustainable energy future unscathed , so we should explore this route with the same ingenuity and persistence that put humans on the moon and created the digital age .
Everyone understands that the Iraqi government 's improved attitude is caused by the Bush administration 's sabre-rattling , but no one can tell whether this is a prelude to an inevitable war or a stratagem to make Iraq cooperate with UN weapons inspectors .
This will not entirely remove the Iraqi threat but will make it controllable .
The lack of regional common policies is particularly noticeable in the areas of regional defense and internal security , where it has been impossible to identify a common position on inter-state tensions , the fight against organized crime , and drug trafficking .
By hinting strongly that its $ 1.5 billion in largely military aid would be withheld in the event of unacceptable levels of repression , the US revealed that the post-Mubarak era is already being contemplated .
What saved Argentina over the last decade were highly favorable external conditions : sky-high global commodity prices and technological innovations that greatly increased farm yields .
A bumpy ride is acceptable as long as the landing is smooth .
If you need to borrow for liquidity , world market will supply those funds at reasonable interest rates .
Budget cuts reduced demand and output , which caused revenue to collapse , making additional budget cuts inevitable .
These issues should be put on the table by the G-20 's Latin American members -- Argentina , Brazil , and Mexico .
We propose changing the status quo by allowing these countries to take a rotating seat at the G-20 table .
If high commodity prices are expected to persist , then some strengthening of currencies is both desirable and inevitable .
It would be far preferable to exchange them for Eurobonds , backed by the full faith and credit of all eurozone countries .
The European Financial Stabilization Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- , hurriedly established in May 2010 in an effort to stop the rot , will shortly be able to call on some ¤ 500 billion in the event that any more eurozone countries face serious liquidity problems .
The irony is that the euro has been a hugely successful project , bringing considerable stability to participating countries .
Where relevant information for companies was available , the comparable distribution of employees was also examined .
Another consequence is that regulatory competition is likely to increase in Europe , as companies are less bound by local interests to keep their headquarters at `` home '' if the tax or regulatory environment becomes unfavorable .
Getting a workable agreement once leadership has been shown is a lot easier .
A probable cause of the collapse of the interbank market is precisely informational failure .
Indeed , it is remarkable that , with General Motors seemingly unresponsive to consumer demand , there is now a debate about whether it should be forced to produce more fuel-efficient cars .
The saying that what is good for GM is good for the US , if it was ever valid , seems hardly tenable today .
But the degree to which the authorities will be able to push for more competition in banking will depend crucially on the regulatory framework .
Let us fix and strengthen that framework , while bearing in mind that a simple mandate to maximize competitive pressure in banking is no more possible , or desirable , than one that would aim at eliminating instability completely .
The study provided valuable insights into homegrown terrorism , for it revealed a consistently close link between radicalization and `` vicarious '' experiences of marginalization and discrimination .
This is liable to be reinforced by any negative experiences that Muslims may suffer themselves .
Eichel 's commitment to balancing the budget is certainly important , but balancing the budget is no substitute for a medium and long-term strategic perspective for fiscal policy that promotes sustainable growth and recognizes the need to invest in Germany 's ailing education system .
Germany 's political center , where elections are won and lost , remains undefined and unstable concerning policy priorities .
If you overeat once a week for three months , lacking self-control and experiencing over-fullness afterward , and are distressed , embarrassed , and disgusted with yourself , you are diagnosable .
If you resist discarding possessions that others -LRB- a spouse , say , or a clinician -RRB- find of limited value , and consequently clutter your living space , and you are distressed about this or are creating what others consider an unsafe environment , you are diagnosable .
If you are highly sexual for six months in a way that feels uncontrolled and becomes distressing , and use sexuality for relieving feelings of stress and boredom or without consideration of the emotional effect on others -LRB- formerly known as being a `` cad '' -RRB- , you are diagnosable .
This disorder presumes that using sex to relieve unhappiness , and feeling guilty about it , is also diagnosable .
The current symptom-based diagnostic system was developed partly to answer criticism that psychiatry is just social control of undesirable behavior dressed up as medicine .
Although his college demanded professional evaluation before he would be allowed to return , the suspect in the Arizona shootings , it seems , failed to seek help from Tucson 's available services .
Although disruptive , the suspect was able to function -- as shown by the disciplined nature of the attack .
Despite a slow start , it has compiled an admirable record in bringing to justice and providing fundamentally fair trials for some 80 indictees , including generals , heads of state , and brutal prison camp commandants .
As a former judge at the ICTY , I can attest to the indispensable role that prosecutors inevitably play . They ensure that key legal and factual issues get raised , that the best evidence is obtained -- often through diplomatic means , but often at risk of life and limb in hostile territory -- that guilty pleas do not dilute the truth , and that sentencing recommendations are commensurate with the crimes ' true dimensions .
The UN has given the ICTY three excellent prosecutors : Richard Goldstone from the South African Constitutional Court , Louise Arbour from the Canadian Supreme Court , and Del Ponte , a formidable prosecutor from Switzerland .
Tolbert 's legal shrewdness , scholarly international law background , and smart management style are indisputable .
Independently , we became infected with the idea of creating a Web platform that would enable anyone to contribute their knowledge to free and open learning resources .
But imagine a world where textbooks and other learning materials are available to everyone for free over the Web and at low cost in print .
PYONGYANG : The most predicable thing about North Korea is its unpredictability .
To survive , many North Koreans forage for edible roots and leaves and make soups from cabbage stalks and vegetable waste .
It will be along time before the `` Dear Leader '' will be able to convince his followers that a stock market , with its demand for corporatization and even privatisation , is at all connected to the primary stage of `` juche . ''
Convincing themselves that reform was unavoidable was one of the major feats of China 's leadership under Deng .
The main contribution of the zones was to experiment with market forces in a limited , and therefore politically acceptable , way before applying their lessons across the country .
Unlike Deng , they will not find them acceptable .
But the raging debate over globalization often overlooks an increasingly important feature that makes life better and more stable for poor people in developing countries right now : the many millions of migrants who send money home .
In addition to providing their families at home with a much-needed source of stable income , expatriate migrant workers send home even more money when catastrophe strikes .
Such remittances enabled thousands of Jamaicans , for example , to recover from the devastation of Hurricane Gilbert in 1988 , when storm damage was estimated at more than one-quarter of the country 's annual GDP and nearly three households in four reported damage .
For example , nearly $ 200 million provided by the World Bank and other donors to Ghana for telecommunications development in a 1988 development project had almost no measurable impact .
A sound regulatory framework and effective enforcement are frequently necessary for introducing competition , as well as to protect investors and consumers in the presence of a newly-privatized firm that might otherwise be able to use its substantial market power to stifle and prevent competition .
What is astonishing about this `` model '' is that it has enabled China to maintain rapid growth within a relatively stable political environment for 30 years .
First , while the US had to wait for its new president to take office , China 's government was able to intervene swiftly with a rescue package .
The fact that North Korea 's close neighbors seem unable to grasp this seems to confirm that Asian disunity is not just stupid , but chronic and willful .
Nothing in Asia 's history , however , remotely compares to Europe 's half-century of division and veritable occupation by two rival superpowers .
Given that most Asian leaders believe Asian disunity made the West all-powerful in the first place , these calls are treated with understandable caution .
It is in this context that we can see why Asian leaders appear two-faced or unreliable in the eyes of Europe and the US .
Today 's gleaming , modern Malaysia is unimaginable without Mahathir and UMNO , which also produced Tunku Abdul Rahman , the country 's first prime minister .
But they also recognized that the country 's sizable , and economically powerful , Chinese and Indian minorities , among other groups , were critical to the country 's development and should be persuaded to accept the new Malay-led state as their own .
Anwar 's arrest and trial stunned the country , but Mahathir surprised few Malays -- either allies or opponents -- by restoring his authority so thoroughly following the crisis that he was able to handpick Abdullah Badawi as his successor .
In the face of a world frightened by Islam , Mahathir was able to affirm a neglected facet of his leadership , repeatedly reminding the world that he presided over the one country in the world where a Muslim majority and large non-Muslim minorities live in peace .
Having overcome the inertia of communal suspicions and dynastic traditions , Mahathir was able to drive the country onto a course of rapid industrialization .
In Malaya , ethnic Chinese fought British and Malay regiments and police , which is roughly comparable to the Tamils ' fight against the Sinhalese in Sri Lanka .
Even a visit to a bookstore can shock anyone who first came to know China decades ago , when it seemed inconceivable that works by non-Marxist theorists would ever outnumber those by Marxists .
They now base their legitimacy on the notion that the Party , which rose to power as the nation fought foreign domination , is uniquely qualified to keep China from being bullied in a hostile international arena , and that only they can provide the stable environment needed for growth .
· Considerable overlap of ownership by individuals linked by family and kinship ties , or by partnerships among kin and family friends ;
Likewise , the functional features of Chinese entrepreneurship were heavily dependent on cultural values , particularly given a financial and legal system that was often unreliable .
As a result , considerable progress was made in the `` wholesale '' securities sector .
Retail customers deserve the chance to buy products and services from all member countries , and it would be in banks ' own interest for them to be able to do so .
For example , if there is no standard way to determine taxable income , or offset losses , it is hard for firms -- including banks -- to sell their products in other member states or to optimize their cross-border corporate structures .
Otherwise , national authorities will be unable to respond properly to cross-border developments .
Although direct legal obstacles have been eliminated in Europe , indirect obstacles such as taxation -- which can make a merger unprofitable -- persist .
Across Europe , there is a remarkable degree of homogeneity-even if on some borderline issues such as religious headgear in schools or crucifixes , different EU member states balance differently the delicate line between freedom of religion and freedom from religion .
What is remarkable about Europe-a value to be cherished-is that even in such states , the principle of freedom of religion and freedom from religion are fully respected .
Even so , it is a measure of the exceedingly poor choice on offer from the Peronists that support for López Murphy , an honorable , well_educated economist who was Defense Minister under de la Rúa , has climbed steadily since the beginning of the year .
The entire world knows the risk posed by a nuclear Iran : a drastically altered balance of power in the Middle East and Central Asia , with Iran able to exert far more regional leverage -- both overt and implicit -- than it now possesses in pursuit of its interests .
There is considerable domestic pressure in each of these countries -- as there has been in Israel and Pakistan , currently the region 's only nuclear states -- to secure the presumed benefits in power and prestige of possessing nuclear weapons .
Better and faster communication is not a valuable end in itself , at least for diplomats .
Like-minded states , often neighbors , grouped together to pool their leverage : this was notable among some of the smaller and poorer states with the most at stake in addressing climate change .
Many valuable elements of the so-called Old Diplomacy persisted : the alignment of foreign policies with national and regional interests , the preference for the possible over the merely desirable , and the cultivation of what are today called `` confidence-building measures , '' that is , methods for establishing trust among small groups of professional negotiators , and between them and the people they represent .
But the OSCE was almost completely powerless during the Kyrgyzstan crisis , and only recently was it finally able to secure agreement to send a small police advisory group there .
Even if serious dialogue with Uzbekistan is taking place behind closed doors -- and the Pentagon 's new initiatives suggest that it is -- its low , almost undetectable , profile sends mixed signals that fly in the face of the open , transparent , and collective ethos of America 's big OSCE push .
The missing variable in most of these arguments , even Nye 's , is leadership .
Most historians place leadership in the foreground of human history , with structural variables having conditional , not causal , value .
For these reasons , any major peace operation involving Western countries would soon lead their governments to consider regime change in Khartoum as the most viable exit strategy .
The heads of the 27 EU governments also characterized the Kremlin 's decision to recognize the independence of the two breakaway regions as `` unacceptable . ''
Although Russian designers can still develop first-class weapons , Russia 's defense companies , which have yet to recover from the traumatic disintegration of the Soviet military-industrial complex , remain unable to manufacture large numbers of the most advanced systems .
Unlike the Soviet Union , Russia is tightly integrated into the world economy , rendering the country vulnerable to the current global financial crisis .
Although Medvedev and Putin have apparently adopted a viable power-sharing arrangement , Russia 's stunted political institutions lack the capacity to root out corruption and other inefficiencies .
Success in Afghanistan Needs China and Russia NEW YORK -- Preoccupation with Afghanistan 's disputed presidential election is understandable .
But achieving success in Afghanistan -- defined as achieving a sustainable democratic regime able to contain political violence , prevent the reconstruction of a terrorist base with global reach , and dampen a narcotics-funded insurgency that threatens neighboring countries -- requires greater policy harmonization among the world powers that have a stake in the outcome .
Even with the lower ceilings found in the New START Treaty , the US will maintain thousands of nuclear weapons , as well as the long-standing US `` strategic triad '' of intercontinental land-based and submarine-launched ballistic missiles and nuclear-capable bombers .
Having this mixture helps ensure that if technological developments render one leg vulnerable , the others can still threaten sufficient retaliation .
This nod from the White House followed the publication of reports that representatives of Afghan President Hamid Karzai had begun preliminary high-level talks regarding a possible coalition government and an agreed timetable for a NATO military withdrawal from Afghanistan .
Karzai and Western leaders have repeatedly insisted that their reconciliation offer does not extend to al-Qaeda members , who are seen as alien foreign elements whose extremist convictions and past terrorist activities make them unacceptable negotiating partners .
It includes a number of liberal-democratic principles that many Taliban consider objectionable , if not blasphemous .
Beyond these specific BMD discussions , US arms-control efforts with Russia currently focus on strategic stability talks and other dialogues designed to establish a favorable conceptual foundation for the next round of formal arms-control negotiations .
Although constraining future US BMD programs with legally binding agreements is politically untenable , US officials could inform their Russian counterparts of their long-range BMD plans without much difficulty .
The idea was that Russia would protect NATO from attacking missiles traveling over its territory , with the expectation that the alliance would then forego developing defenses capable of engaging missiles over Russia .
Two new councils , each with comparable power to the Security Council , are needed : a Social Council and an Economic Council .
These rules , however , are but steps in the right direction : steps toward socially and ecologically sustainable free trade and against protectionism , especially that often practiced by rich countries .
Across the board , more global rules are needed so that global efforts to confront poverty , disease , and mass migration can be made consistent , predictable and most of all effective .
But just as the time is coming when the US will to come see the UN as indispensable , the Security Council and its members will come to see the creation of new bodies within the UN not as rivals , but as the only means for the world 's people , in solidarity , to confront the myriad social and economic problems that they face .
In most parts of China , farming can no longer sustain a respectable standard of living .
So today 's China is a much less equitable society than India .
Talking to a stranger , whom one has never met before and will not meet again , may impede the normal processes of recovery that rely on one 's own social networks - family , friends , priest , doctor , who may be better able to place the trauma in context .
This is inevitable , but it should not distract us from the main findings .
Or the teenager disabled by obsessive compulsive disorder . For them finding skilled psychological therapies and therapists is rarely easy , even though in all of these instances the evidence of effectiveness is beyond dispute .
Open societies demand reliable institutions , and these can not be created overnight .
At the very moment when today 's candidate countries strive for EU membership , EU enlargement is feared by those states that are unlikely to join the Union for the foreseeable future .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Egypt 's revolution toppled a dictator in February , but the country 's future as a stable , functioning democracy remains uncertain .
Nonetheless , the potential for constructive influence remains considerable , and it should be responsive to those in Egypt who favor liberal ideas , democratic institutions , and broad distribution of the benefits of economic development .
The November elections will not resolve these fundamental questions , and whether a workable constitutional framework will develop is uncertain .
Although sentiment favoring a secular state is considerable , a coalition that can serve as an alternative or counterweight to the Muslim Brotherhood will be difficult to assemble .
The first order of business is to endorse a capable and dedicated new FSB chairman .
This would enable to FSB to hire the best possible talent , receive funding from governments , and enter into more formal arrangements with other international bodies in order to carry out its responsibilities more effectively .
Failing states in Central America When the US Defense Department produced a report in December in which it named Mexico as one as one of two countries -LRB- along with Pakistan -RRB- at risk of rapidly becoming a failed state there was a predictable rejection of its findings in many quarters .
Head further south to Central America -- Guatemala in particular -- and the failed state paradigm may be far more applicable .
Being in virtual control of large swathes of Central American territory and being able to act with relative impunity are ultimately very good for business .
On-the-surface political stability and favourable investment laws may be in place , but in the absence of an effective judiciary or reliable security forces , committing capital to promising projects becomes that much more difficult .
The last 12 months have witnessed radical changes and considerable controversy regarding how childhood and teenage depression is treated .
An article by the Center for Science in the Public Interest classified all available published placebo-controlled trials of SSRI 's in children and adolescents as industry-funded or non-industry funded .
Often , where trials have been conducted , only favorable results have been published .
Adding further fuel to the fire , New York State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer recently filed a civil lawsuit against GlaxoSmithKline for potentially misleading doctors by publicizing a favorable study of paroxetine for pediatric depression while downplaying other unfavorable trials .
In response , GlaxoSmithKline made full-trial reports of all studies involving paroxetine in patients under 18 available on their website .
Moreover , both benefits and harms of all trials must be published within a reasonable timeframe , and properly designed , non-industry-funded trials are needed to confirm both safety and efficacy .
Subsidies from Moscow for gas and oil and privileged access of Belarusian products to Russia 's market are indispensable to Belarus 's faltering economy .
Moreover , because state-controlled Belarus Television , the only one in the country , is unpopular and unreliable , Belarussians are increasingly watching Russian TV channels .
Scientists and engineers are being produced at rates comparable or higher than in the past , and , while few non-science students find their required science courses enjoyable or useful , that is considered to be inherent to the subject .
It will also enable them to make wiser decisions on critically important matters of public policy , and to be far more creative and effective members of the work force .
The cycle of fundamental discovery , technological development , revelation of undesirable consequences , and public aversion appears unbreakable .
In the environmental technology industry alone , nanomaterials will enable new means of reducing the production of wastes , using resources more sparingly , cleaning up industrial contamination , providing potable water , and improving the efficiency of energy production and use .
For example , ten years of studies of the possible health effects of a class of carbon-based nanomaterials known as fullerenes report that the soccer-ball-shaped fullerene molecules known as `` buckyballs , '' are powerful antioxidants , comparable in strength to vitamin E. Other studies report that some types of buckyballs can be toxic to tumor cells .
Setting aside the issue of nanomaterials ' toxicity , preliminary results suggest that fabricating nanomaterials entails risks that are less than or comparable to those associated with many current industrial activities .
But , while the euro 's international role -- especially its use in financial markets -- has increased since its inception , it is hard to envisage it overtaking the dollar as the dominant reserve currency in the foreseeable future .
The idea was to permit countries whose official dollar holdings were larger than they were comfortable with to convert dollars into SDRs . Conversion would occur outside the market , and thus would not put downward pressure on the dollar .
Member countries would receive an asset that was more stable than the dollar , as it was based on a basket of currencies , thereby providing better protection against losses .
If so , a whole new world of particles will be discovered : each currently known particle will have a heavier relative -- its superpartner -- with different , but predictable , properties .
All this competition has led to considerable hand-wringing in the West .
Perhaps some of the anxiety over the new global academic enterprise is understandable , particularly in a period of massive economic uncertainty .
Neither a gradual erosion in the US market share of students , nor the emergence of ambitious new competitors in Asia , Europe , and the Middle East means that American universities are on an inevitable path to decline .
The main innovations were based on the perception that urban development is a collective task in which local government should orient and induce private investments to achieve more livable cities .
Mild depression can result in brooding on negative aspects of self or others , feeling resentful , irritable or angry much of the time , feeling sorry for oneself , and needing constant reassurance from someone .
Enthusiasm for what are usually enjoyable activities fades .
Adding to these woes are two other inflationary factors : first , Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome -LRB- PRRS , or `` blue-ear disease '' -RRB- has been killing pigs -- China 's main meat source -- nationwide , and , second , terrible storms in January reduced the supply of grain and vegetables .
A sizeable reduction in aggregate demand through RMB appreciation is achievable without being imprudent , because the current-account surplus in 2007 was 9.5 % of GDP .
But actions speak louder than words , and challenges to the NPT regime have continued to undermine its basic principles , causing considerable backsliding .
· proliferation of nuclear weapons technologies by one de facto nuclear-capable state ;
For example , some countries want to develop smaller and `` usable '' nuclear weapons designed for pre-emptive or preventive military action .
Already , the end of the Cold War and painstaking diplomacy have brought the US-India relationship to a point unimaginable just ten years ago .
NATO has , of course , shown remarkable tenacity .
As long as NATO 's raison d'être was to keep the Russians out and the United States in , NATO 's internal dynamic of American leadership and European obeisance was both inevitable and appropriate .
Americans may find their -LRB- old -RRB- European allies less pliable than before -- but they can at least count on the absence of any serious alternatives for what NATO should become , or what it should do .
All the talk of an improved NATO-European Union partnership is mainly wasted breath . `` Intensified strategic dialogue in Brussels '' in practice boils down to the chilling specter of interminable joint committee meetings at which one nation 's ambassador to NATO explains his government 's position to a compatriot diplomat who is accredited to the EU , and vice-versa .
The 1990 's concept of a `` European Defense Identity '' within NATO proved to be unviable -- and since then expansion of the alliance and proliferation of NATO `` partners '' has made the idea of a special collective role for EU members all the more improbable .
For , despite all their differences and mutual dissatisfactions , Europe and the US know that each is the best friend either is likely to have for the foreseeable future .
Official sources report 14,675 industrial-accident deaths in China in 2003 , but statistics on workplace accidents are notoriously unreliable , and some observers suggest that the number may be closer to 120,000 .
Coalmines in Pennsylvania in the 1860s - where 6 % of the workers were killed each year , 6 % crippled , and another 6 % temporarily disabled - looked very much like the mines now operating in China 's Shaanxi Province .
Industry-wide , one American worker in fifty at the turn of the last century was killed or seriously disabled each year in work-related accidents .
The US , for example , never developed a powerful body of factory inspectors capable of providing effective enforcement of public safety standards .
Unfortunately , China is obstructing all available paths to improved workplace safety .
In every respect , conditions in Burma are among the direst of any country in the world , and it will take decades , if not generations , to reverse current downward trends and create a foundation for a sustainable and viable democratic government and a prosperous society .
It 's not that I am a genius . It 's simply that , having worked at a rape crisis center and been trained in the basics of sex crime , I have learned that all sex predators go about things in certain recognizable ways .
Just as sex criminals -- and the leaders who directed the use of rape and sexual abuse as a military strategy -- were tried and sentenced after the wars in Bosnia and Sierra Leone , so Americans must hold accountable those who committed , or authorized , sex crimes in US-operated prisons .
Now legislation is being put forward to establish greater transparency at the Fed -- surely a laudable outcome .
The Palestinian team is utterly indistinguishable , superficially , from their European or Israeli counterparts : they are hip , young , talented , sophisticated , and more than anything they want to work to create a positive environment for their kids -- or at least a psychological respite from the reality of occupation , violence , and war .
In the Sesame Street of Palestine and Israel , the failure of the joint venture was really a success : the Muppets and their creators have given us another valuable lesson , this time in how -- and how not -- to help others .
But the attack on the arts and humanities is a giant step in the direction of a pliable , dumbed-down citizenry .
But if you opt out , you are now subjected , as I was last week , to an extraordinarily sexualized and invasive `` pat-down '' by TSA officials . `` I will now touch your private parts , '' a very uncomfortable female TSA official said to me when I flew out of New York 's Kennedy Airport .
Years of sensitive educational outreach have finally made it the norm for American children to understand that their bodies are their own , that adults should not touch them intimately or in ways that make them uncomfortable , and that they can expect to be protected from such violation .
Maintaining anonymous charges enables the military authorities to avoid keeping comprehensive records , which in turn allows officials to evade responsibility for transparent reporting of assaults and of prosecutions -- and thus not to prosecute sex crime in any serious , systematic way .
That is why justice systems -- at least in democracies -- typically demand that the accused be able to face his or her accuser .
A clearly designated `` enemy '' with an unmistakable `` plan '' is psychologically more comforting than the chaotic evolution of social norms and the workings -- or failures -- of unfettered capitalism .
Citizens should be able more easily to leak information , pitch stories , and send leads to mainstream investigative reporters .
I think he chose her because he understands that , even as President of the United States , he is truly a citizen of a global community -- one to which he is accountable and with which he is in an interdependent relationship .
But one of her undeniable accomplishments , perhaps more important than anything else she did during that time , was the set of global journeys that she undertook on behalf of women 's issues .
By contrast , immigrants in Western Europe were invited to fill low-status jobs , creating a built-in incentive for natives to see them and their children as a servant class , incapable of entering , let alone leading , the larger society .
If Western Europe took a leaf from the US , it would be more peaceful within its own borders and better able to use the talents and leadership of its Turkish , Algerian , Caribbean , and other immigrants . Only then would we see a British , French , Dutch , or German Obama .
`` Third , we must have a special prosecutor to prosecute the culpable .
Today , there are 20,000 soldiers -- not accountable to the people , but only to the executive -- on our streets .
`` The danger of that situation is why the Founders adopted the Second Amendment , which is meant to restrict domestic policing to militia -- the National Guard and civilian police -- that are answerable to the people .
Governments see their main job as delivering economic prosperity , and they view education as a necessary and reliable tool for achieving that end .
As university attendance becomes more common , fewer capable young people enter vocational training .
In sharp contrast to the Soviet Union , Russia now publishes voluminous -LRB- if not always reliable -RRB- economic , social , and demographic information .
Of the world 's species , 12 % of birds , 24 % of mammals , and 30 % of fish are either vulnerable or in immediate danger of extinction .
· The international community must make a much more serious commitment to renewable energy , efficiency , and other environmentally friendly energy sources .
A business-as-usual approach would mean that by 2030 carbon dioxide emissions would be 70 % higher than today , and renewable energy would account for a mere 4 % of total energy usage , up from 2 % now .
If that growth is not achieved in an environmentally sustainable way , its effects on poverty and human well-being will be disastrous .
Lack of jobs can lead to increased frustration and hopelessness on such a scale that ensuing social and political ferment could make tomorrow 's world far less stable and secure than that of today .
The Greening of New York In the coming days , the United States will make a critical decision that has the potential to change America 's standing in the world : whether to approve a $ 537 million grant that will help make New York City the first environmentally sustainable megacity in the twenty-first century .
Automobile dependent countries like America need smart solutions to ensure environmentally sustainable development .
These countries have experienced unprecedented levels of sustained economic growth that may well enable them to replace the `` Affluents '' as engines of the world economy .
But these `` Rentiers '' have not been able to translate the rents of their natural resource wealth into sustained economic growth .
If we are to create a more equitable world , then traditional levers of development such as trade , investment , aid , and migration need to be scaled up comprehensively and coherently , and global institutions must be reformed .
This would improve our ability to address global challenges and better our prospects for building a more equitable world .
It has also left them almost incapable of recognizing actual policy initiatives when they see them .
The rest of the world , however , has marveled at the admirable , dignified manner in which ordinary Japanese are dealing with terrible adversity .
With clear and predictable communication of this sort , the risk that the Fed would be unable to free the US economy from a deflationary slump is much lower - and so is the risk that it would ever have to fight that battle .
But the benchmark interest rate in Japan has been essentially zero for the past four years , so the standard form of monetary stimulus -- reducing short_term nominal interest rates -- is unavailable .
In practice , and especially when deflationary fears are already present , managing private_sector expectations demands considerable subtlety .
Until recently , each of these giant industries was comfortable continuing on its familiar and comfortable nineteenth-century path into the twenty-first century .
OPEC uses output cuts whenever possible to keep prices at levels that are at least an order of magnitude above the cost of production plus a reasonable return .
Reductions in the cost of solar power , efficiency improvements , and sharply improved batteries and other means of electricity storage are helping to make possible a world of increasingly distributed energy generation , based on renewable sources .
That , in turn , promises increasing freedom from the dangers created by our vulnerable electric grids and our reliance on oil .
According to a recent survey by McKinsey & Company , of the more than three million graduates churned out by China 's universities and colleges every year , less than 10 % are suitable for employment with international companies , owing to their deficiencies in practical training and poor English .
Similarly , the spread of microfinance lending has made capital available to borrowers who until recently were not seen as creditworthy .
In Mexico , all mortgages carry fixed interest rates , unlike the infamous `` exploding ARMs '' that left US homeowners ruing their choice of adjustable-rate mortgages when interest rates rose .
But as the array of financial services available in Latin America expands , the danger of misuse rises .
Certainly dogs have a remarkable sensitivity to human behavior .
Dogs are able to follow human pointing gestures to find hidden food , and they can indicate successfully to their owners by their own pointing actions where a hidden toy is located .
Dogs are also more likely to obey a command to leave something desirable alone if their master stays in the room than if he steps out .
Germany 's commitment for 2002 was made in early 2001 when its economy was growing at a reasonable pace .
But French opposition was also predictable because , for over a decade now , France has veered away from Europe and now finds itself increasingly isolated .
The French do not care that they have never been able to articulate their vision of a `` third way , '' for they remain deeply convinced that the state has a key role to play in steering markets in order to defend `` higher '' values from the single-minded pursuit of materialism .
Unable to reform their labor markets because of the fear of street protests , French governments of all political stripes seek to protect their ailing firms , only to face limits imposed by the rules of the Common Market .
They fear the future , because the future means either market-oriented reforms or further economic and political downgrading , both of which are seen as unacceptable , if only because they clash with French self-esteem .
Firms have responded to inhospitable conditions by cutting workforces and boosting productivity through more capital-intensive production processes and , when needed , by offshoring their capacities .
This is understandable , given an unemployment rate of around 10 % in France , Germany , and Italy ; with so few new jobs , becoming unemployed is a major disaster .
To be sure , comfortable unemployment benefits soften the blow .
Above all , uncertainty has become the norm , in contrast to the gray but predictable future offered by the old communist regimes .
Growth has been strong ; while it could have been stronger under more favorable policies , only huge mistakes could break the rise in living standards , given the region 's productivity gains .
Sarkozy 's slogan `` work more to earn more '' has won him considerable support .
By contrast , the unions argue that they have `` social legitimacy , '' a claim that may surprise many outside France , but that holds considerable sway in a country where large-scale demonstrations or drawn-out strikes are interpreted as a valid representation of popular will .
The plan , yet to be fully articulated , is to make them accountable to all workers , not just to their membership -- another way of promoting democratic legitimacy , but this time at the heart of the social system .
Once there , traditional monetary policy becomes impotent , as the interest-rate tool is no longer usable .
In any case , while the Swiss authorities ' discomfort with the situation is understandable , their decision is disquieting .
Under the state censorship system , most discussions are limited to politically acceptable topics , such as legal reform and anti-corruption efforts .
However , within these boundaries , internet-enabled activism , such as online petitions , have not only expanded the boundaries of traditional media reporting , but presaged some interesting new political consequences as well .
As the pervasiveness and flexibility of the new medium weakens traditional media censorship , internet-enabled social activism plays an increasingly influential role in China 's legal reform and the development of its nascent civil society .
China in Action on Climate Change Beijing -- Climate change is a serious challenge to humanity and sustainable development , which requires both proactive responses and concerted effort by the international community .
In its National Climate Change Program , China set an objective to lower its energy consumption per unit of GDP by 20 % or so of 2005 level by 2010 and in its Mid - and Long-Term Plan for the Development of Renewable Energy , China also sets an objective of increasing the proportion of renewable energy in the primary energy mix to 10 % by 2010 , and to 15 % by 2020 .
To achieve such objectives , China has adopted a series of effective policies and measures , achieving remarkable progress .
Besides , 370 billion yuan will be used to improve rural living standards in an environmentally sound manner and sustainable way .
China has no other choice but to pursue sustainable development in order to meet the basic needs of its people and to eradicate poverty .
For Non-KP developed countries , they should undertake comparable commitments with quantified emission reduction targets .
Developed countries should also fulfill their obligations under the Convention to provide financial support and technology transfer to enable developing countries to effectively tackle climate change .
Developing countries will , in the context of sustainable development and with measurable , reportable , and verifiable support in terms of financing , technology , and capacity-building , take nationally appropriate mitigation actions .
The procedure abolishes the Liquidation Team , a long-standing regime that many alleged was unjust , aggressive in administrative intervention , unprofessional , and unaccountable .
If no viable solution is found , no agency or individual will be willing to serve as the receiver in ordinary bankruptcy cases .
But stricter and more reasonable standards should be established for courts ' approval of restructuring plans .
Indeed , no force seems able to reverse this trend in the coming years .
Abbas will be able to argue that he advised Hamas to renew the truce and to end its missile fire on Israeli towns , but that Hamas insisted on exposing Palestinian civilians to devastation .
It remains to be seen whether Abu Marzouk 's view is merely a tactic intended to encourage the Obama administration to reach out to Hamas , or whether the war convinced Hamas that the two-state solution is the only viable option to settle the conflict with Israel .
The Crown Prince 's abdication became inevitable .
Is `` Eurabia '' Inevitable ?
Is `` Eurabia '' Inevitable ? What is it that makes young Muslims in the West susceptible to radicalism ?
Regardless of their disappointments with the Western countries ' foreign policy , young Muslims have been exposed to their undeniable democratic spirit .
Now , something like a dividing line is emerging , and if Bush finally begins to understand the region 's dynamics , he may be able to craft a policy with a chance of success .
Conservative Saudi Arabia prefers dealing with traditional and predictable leaders , such as Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Lebanon 's premier , Fouad Siniora , rather than firebrand populist leaders like Hezbollah 's Hassan Nasrallah , Hamas ' Khalid Meshal , and Iran 's Ahmadinejhad .
Israel , after all , is a `` reliable enemy '' for Saudi Arabia , having destroyed Nasser 's Egyptian army in 1967 -- a time when the Saudis were fighting Egypt by proxy in Yemen .
This leads to an unavoidable dilemma : Bush will have to choose between supporting democracy and backing those who want to fight Islamic radicalism .
Most commentators appear to think that Bush 's latest prescription -- a surge of 20,000 additional troops to suppress the militias in Baghdad -- will , at best , merely postpone the inevitable death of his dream of a democratic Iraq .
But it remains an open question as to whether the EU will actually be able to stabilize the most fractured polity in the most dangerous area of conflict in Europe 's immediate neighborhood .
The threats emanating from the Middle East are diverse : regional conflicts , totalitarian religious ideologies -LRB- mainly led by Shia Iran and Wahhabi Saudi Arabia -RRB- , terrorism , nuclear armament programs , obstacles to modernization , and unstable regimes .
Moreover , Abdullah understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability-seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Thus , uniting the forces of status quo conservatism , even if some of those conservatives are Christian , is the only viable diplomatic strategy open to Saudi Arabia .
Even America 's closest allies -- Saudi Arabia , Egypt , and Israel -- are vulnerable as they face the aggressive expansion of `` radical forces '' represented by Iran , Hamas , Hezbollah , Syria , and the Iraqi resistance .
Moreover , Abdullah is unable even to stop Wahhabi satellite TV stations from denouncing the Shia `` heretics , '' or the hundreds of Wahhabi Web sites that call for the outright elimination of the Shia .
But , since the war in Iraq in 2003 and the empowerment of Shia across the region , the Saudi regime faces sizeable , restless , and politically ambitious Shia populations in neighboring Gulf countries , especially Kuwait and Bahrain , as well as in Lebanon .
Frozen states appear more stable in the short term , as oil revenues still buys subservience and submission of most of the subjects , but stability coincides with the possibility of increasing violence and civil unrest , owing to widespread grievances over sectarian rule .
The frightening state in the region is the United States , which , following the terrorist attacks of September 2001 , was anxious to bring about democratic regime change -- a failed policy that now appears to have left the US unable to leave .
Oil is not a reliable deterrent to democracy in the long term , owing to price volatility and the development of alternative energy sources .
In Iran , an indigenous movement is pushing for reform , and the country 's brand of Islam , which on the surface seems the most implacable , has the potential to become more moderate and more democratic , owing in part to the Shi'a tradition of ijtihad , religious debate or innovation .
So far , Obama and Brown seem unable to fully grasp the fact that Yemen 's problems go well beyond Al Qaeda 's presence in the country .
In December 2007 , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad performed the Hajj at the personal invitation of King Abdullah , marking the first time a head of state of the Islamic Republic was able to do so .
So the question for the Saudis now is how to get the Taliban invited to the negotiating table .
His desperation mounting , Saleh has ordered deadly attacks on protesters , evidently believing that his considerable skill at political manipulation would see him through .
Instead , they are betting on potential new alliances within Yemen to deal with their unpredictable neighbor .
The Saudis continued such programs after the terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and even after they discovered that `` the Call '' is uncontrollable , owing to the technologies of globalization .
The Saudi judicial system is one of the most formidable obstacles to women 's aspirations , relying on Islamic interpretations that protect a defensive patriarchal system .
Saudi rulers have announced that demonstrations are haram -- a sin punishable by jail and flogging .
Now some clerics have pronounced driving by women to be foreign-inspired haram , punishable in the same way .
Royal perks include lifetime sinecures and domination of the civil service , which enable the princes to award contracts and receive commissions on top of their salaries .
The reformers have less authority but are the acceptable face of the Saudi dictatorship internationally .
In spite of this , Abdullah may not be able to shape the future , because he seems doomed to lose any showdown with Naif 's forces .
Like the geriatric successions that preceded the collapse of the Soviet Union , the succession in Saudi Arabia seems to be only a step in an inexorable march toward political decay .
Indeed , the idea of warfare on the Korean peninsula should be unthinkable , given the grotesque levels of deaths that it would likely cause .
The Korean question is even more intractable and perplexing if the leadership changes of other concerned parties in the region such as China , Japan , and Russia are factored into the political equation .
Indeed , this vainglorious attempt by Kim Jong-il reminds Koreans of the mother bullfrog in Aesop 's Fables who puffed herself out to imitate an ox .
The effectiveness of available options is limited , and all of them are pregnant with unpredictable political and military consequences .
Worsening inter-Korean relations will certainly make both sides less secure and stable politically , economically , and militarily .
Caught in this vicious spiral , North and South Korea will become far more vulnerable to neighboring powers ' strategic maneuvers .
Reduced business activity , with long-term investment projects being canceled , seems just as certain . A lower rate of economic growth thus seems inevitable .
In fact , only businesspeople may now be able to influence events : a sharp and pronounced slowdown , with Russian capital showing its displeasure by voting with its feet , might be the last hope for turning the prosecutors from their chosen course .
Instead , Russia is ruled by `` yes men '' who are only able to agree and echo : `` As you say , Mr. Prime Minister ... '' ; `` As you wish , Mr. President ... '' One reason is that the country 's leadership now appears to be digesting the same garbage information it feeds to the public .
Occasionally the factory pays them something , but people mainly live off their own vegetable gardens .
While it persisted , expenditures swelled but were manageable -- until , suddenly , energy prices collapsed .
But it is not yet certain whether the engine of the global economy will be able to run without additional liquidity , possibly undermining fiscal stability worldwide .
Individuals and peoples are capable of enduring difficulties if there is a sense that the future will be better and conflicts resolved . But a sudden backward regression can lead to despair , which we feel today .
So it is no wonder that the Arabs , especially the Palestinians , remain unable to comprehend , existentially or morally , what has befallen them .
Moreover , these are two peoples that have been intensely engaged in a bloody and intractable conflict for the last century .
So can it last and evolve into something durable ?
But when tensions relax , the idea of taking up arms again becomes painful and unsupportable inasmuch as it means a return to the familiar and terrible experience of suffering .
The boundaries between the two types of legalities could not remain impenetrable forever .
Little by little , the state of occupation , which should have been temporary , became a stable reality , and the policy of creating Israeli settlements in the heart of the Palestinian population strengthened the connection between Israel and the occupied territories .
In the end , Sharon and then Binyamin Netanyahu both ended up sitting down at the negotiating table with Yassir Arafat and his representatives to try to reach an agreement .
Instead , we have to work , with caution and good sense , to reach a reasonable and detailed agreement for a lasting ceasefire that has within it the perspective that Hamas can change .
Similarly , when Jewish communities in the Gaza Strip became unsupportable , the leader of the right , Ariel Sharon , forced out the 9,000 settlers who lived there among 1.5 million Palestinians -- a dramatic event that has left deep scars on both sides .
Netanyahu 's demand that the future Palestinian state be demilitarized is just , reasonable , and necessary .
Similarly , the refusal of Palestinian refugees ' claim to a right of return to Israel proper is understandable , logical , and just .
For more than 60 years , the two groups have managed to live together in an acceptable manner , confronting with relative dignity the inferno of terrorism and the occupation of the West Bank and Gaza strip .
Instead of helping us and the Israelis reach a solution acceptable to all -- two states for two peoples -- you do everything to exacerbate the conflict .
One reason for this outpouring of enthusiasm is clear : the Shalit family 's remarkable ability to keep alive interest in his cause throughout the five years since his abduction .
Israel achieved remarkable results in the wars fought against far more populous Arab countries in 1948 , 1967 , and 1973 .
Israel is , of course , resigned to its numerical inferiority , and will continue to train its soldiers in order to overcome this deficit . As a result , one prisoner in exchange for a thousand Palestinian prisoners is neither a humiliation nor a surrender , but an acceptable agreement that acknowledges , even on behalf of the enemy , the military capacity of Israeli soldiers .
But many of the released prisoners will be transferred to the Gaza Strip , a territory that is completely separate from Israel , where they might join Hamas 's militant forces but will not be able to execute terrorist attacks against Israel .
This is particularly notable , given that Ecuador 's was perhaps the first opportunistic default -LRB- triggered by unwillingness , rather than inability , to pay -RRB- in recent history .
Ecuador needed to go all the way to a `` credit event '' in December 2008 to be able to purchase the bonds at bargain prices .
In some areas , modestly warmer temperatures could produce higher crop yields if associated changes in precipitation patterns are not adverse and\/or irrigation remains viable .
But these favorable net benefits reflect very conservative assumptions regarding the timing of emissions reductions and when the developing world would `` come onboard . ''
Will the North 's would-be leaders be able to manage the country 's stock of nuclear weapons responsibly and safely without transferring a few of them abroad , much less respond to international pressure to dismantle them in a reasonable and flexible manner ?
International relations in northeast Asia will become more subtle and unstable as the Kim Jong-il era ends .
After six turbulent but somewhat predictable decades , we may be entering into a new era of greater turbulence but less predictability on the Korean Peninsula .
Whatever happens , and whoever turns out to be the new leader , North Korea most likely faces an unstable future .
Western governments also could permit charitable foundations to provide North Korean officials or students with scholarships to study abroad and learn how to run a market economy .
Then , every state looked inward , squandering valuable opportunities to achieve common prosperity through international policy coordination .
The IMF also was empowered to conduct the Mutual Assessment Process of each country 's macroeconomic policies under the Framework for Strong , Sustainable , and Balanced Growth .
The Kyeongju meeting decided that the G-20 countries would move toward market-determined exchange rates and pursue `` politics conducive to reducing excessive imbalances and maintaining current-account imbalances at sustainable levels . ''
These two issues may or may not be on the table for further discussion in Seoul .
Can East Asians Cooperate ? SEOUL -- As China continues its unremitting rise , people throughout East Asia are wondering whether their states will ever be able to achieve the peaceful , stable relations that now characterize Europe .
The `` liberal '' view of international relations recommends three ingredients : political democratization , deeper economic interdependence , and viable institutions through which East Asia 's states can conduct their affairs in a multilateral way .
But confrontations between the United States and China , the US and Japan , and China and Japan over the past year have left many wondering whether economic interdependence alone can bring about stable regional relations .
SEOUL -- Like many regions of the world , Northeast Asia faces severe political challenges in creating a viable structure of peace .
They also promised to cooperate on development of renewable energy , improvement of energy efficiency , and denuclearization of North Korea .
While America will not bargain with Syria over the election , it would probably accept a candidate with whom Syria feels comfortable , provided he is acceptable across the political spectrum .
This makes them vulnerable to Syrian leverage , and is why they may be more amenable to dealing with Syria on the presidency .
In 2010 , for example , the government may seek to stimulate domestic consumption by making income distribution more favorable to the household sector relative to the enterprise sector , and by providing more public goods to reduce households ' precautionary savings .
Certainly , without a more equitable income distribution , official talk of creating a `` harmonious society '' will sound empty .
Measured by the dollar index , therefore , capital losses on China 's foreign exchange reserves are inevitable .
Unless the Fed successfully implements an exit strategy from monetary expansion , which is doubtful , China will not be able to recover its losses .
But , despite ending the dollar peg , faster appreciation of the RMB seems unlikely for the foreseeable future .
China 's official position is that , to avoid the negative impact of a stronger RMB on China 's exports and hence employment , appreciation must proceed in an autonomous , gradual , and controllable manner .
The fall in China 's trade surplus since late 2008 is attributable mainly to the global slowdown and the stimulus package introduced by the Chinese government , rather than to changes in the RMB 's exchange rate .
Indeed , Premier Wen Jiabao sees China 's growth as `` unstable , unbalanced , uncoordinated , and ultimately unsustainable . ''
The Nobel laureate economist Michael Spence has pointed out that after WWII , only a handful of countries were able to grow to a fully-industrialized level of development .
If China fails to tackle its structural problems in a timely fashion , growth is unlikely to be sustainable .
That is understandable : the rise of new powers has always disrupted the established international order .
Such mass migration will severely hurt already strained social relations in some countries and lead to unpredictable consequences .
It can generate sustainable growth through industrialization , and by creating a single market .
This crisis could help formulate a new approach : increase access to reliable , affordable and renewable energy services for sustainable development , promote energy efficiency to make sure economic growth does not raise energy demand and environmental degradation , including climate change .
But it requires major investments to develop both traditional energy means and renewable ones .
This will set policy priorities straight , put strategies in place to avert a human catastrophe , and help Africa secure its rightful place at the global economic table .
Renewed Hope for Renewable Energy
Renewed Hope for Renewable Energy VIENNA -- A decade ago , renewable energy was viewed as an unwelcome offspring of fossil fuels , but the recent establishment of the International Renewable Energy Agency -LRB- IRENA -RRB- indicates that governments worldwide are taking `` renewables '' seriously .
With mounting concerns about climate change and volatility in oil and other fossil-fuel prices , renewables are finally becoming a viable proposition .
Close to $ 155 billion was invested in 2008 in renewable energy companies and projects worldwide , not including large-scale hydroelectric projects , according to a recent UN Environment Program report .
On a global scale , the renewable energy sector created 2.3 million jobs in the past few years .
Big business is spending billions of dollars to explore the opportunities that renewables can bring .
Renewable energy costs will eventually go down , in step with technological innovation and mass production .
The European Parliament recently enacted a law to support investors who help the Continent reach its goal of sourcing 20 % of its power from renewable energy by 2020 .
As a new global platform for renewables , IRENA will provide policy advice and assist in capacity building and technology transfer .
This will contribute to giving the poorest nations affordable access to clean energy , a key step towards lifting millions out of poverty .
First , IRENA will hit the ground running in developing policy and spreading technology , partly because the countries instrumental in its birth -- Denmark , Germany , and Spain -- have impeccable `` green '' policy credentials .
By 2020 , it plans to get 47 % of its electricity from renewables .
Spain was among the first countries to introduce a national energy plan aimed at promoting renewable energy sources and reducing greenhouse-gas emissions .
I would also add here Austria , a proven international energy hub and a leader in renewable energy production and technologies .
Moreover , a headquarters in Abu Dhabi sends an unequivocal message that promoting renewable energy is not `` anti-oil . ''
So let 's plan for the inevitable , and develop the relevant policies , technologies , and institutional infrastructure as soon as possible .
On a continent where mineral wealth too often has become a curse , Botswana , under the leadership of President Festus Gontebanye Mogae , has demonstrated how natural resources can promote sustainable development and good governance .
The timetable for action is not subject to debate .
I am neither gay , nor Ghanaian , but I have spent considerable time in Ghana and I reject the argument - heard in other parts of Africa as well - that Western notions of sexuality have perverted Africans .
In Ghana and in much of Africa , a culture of silence exists around same-sex love - a culture that many Westerners , raised on a belief in rights and openness - find unacceptable .
Notions of what is right and wrong often collapse under the irreconcilable tensions between tradition and modernity , the individual and the community .
Obama 's caution is reasonable .
His tendency to view Africa through an American lens is thus both understandable and inevitable .
Despite civil wars , malnutrition , and the anguish of the AIDS epidemic , something remarkable is happening in black Africa : the stealthy rise of a high-technology sector .
But little attention is given to the high cost of telecommunications , unreliable electrical-power systems , and the poor transport infrastructure .
Asian countries attract many jobs by creating `` industrial parks , '' with more reliable services , including ultra-reliable communications networks , offered at competitive prices .
Satellite links have vastly improved Internet access , and a new undersea cable that runs along the coast of Africa -LRB- SAT-3 -RRB- promises to improve and reduce the cost of all types of communications .
In pursuit of protein-rich meals , Nkhoma is pushing her cluster of villages , representing a thousand households in all , to begin raising chickens for eggs and meat , cows for milk , and `` exotic '' vegetables such as cabbage for vitamins .
India supplies Africa with computer-education courses , the most reliable water pumps , low-cost rice-milling equipment , and dozens of other technologies .
Chinese and Indian engineers hail from places that have much more in common with nitty-gritty Africa than comfortable Silicon Valley or Cambridge .
The Indian stove is clearly a work-in-progress ; it is too bulky and not durable enough to survive the rigors of an African village .
With enormous pressure from ordinary people to deliver tangible gains , Zuma the populist will quickly face a major test : will he emulate Lula of Brazil , who has struck an admirable balance between good economic governance and re-distribution of wealth to the poor ?
He is part of the proud generation that defeated apartheid -- and then peacefully engineered a transition to durable black-majority rule . Their achievement remains one of the greatest in recent history .
For believers in the benefits of diversity , California represents the largest social experiment in human history , bringing people of different backgrounds together in a way unimaginable in , say , Germany , China , or Brazil .
More radical thinkers insist that California is ungovernable and should be broken into two or even three states .
· Regulators proved unable to forecast and prevent the crisis .
While financial institutions tried to mitigate risks by bundling subprime mortgages , Fukushima 's cooling system was able to cope with either a blackout and an earthquake or a tsunami .
French reluctance to subject its nuclear plants to European regulation determined by its nuclear-skeptical neighbors is comparable to British efforts to prevent major European harmonization of financial-market rules , owing to the importance of its financial sector .
Both Lehman Brothers and Tokyo Electric Power Company -LRB- TEPCO -RRB- were able to increase their profits as long as the risk they were willing to accept did not materialize .
But , prior to both Japan 's nuclear crisis and the financial crisis , regulators were unable to prevent the risk .
Yet climate change will hit Africa hardest , because it will cripple the continent 's vulnerable agricultural sector , on which 70 % of the population depends .
The upcoming climate negotiations ought to address the specific problems of Africa and similarly vulnerable poor parts of the world .
This requires , first and most importantly , reducing global warming to the apparently inevitable increase of two degrees Celsius , beyond which lies an environmental catastrophe that could be unmanageable for poor and vulnerable countries .
Second , adequate resources should be made available to poor and vulnerable regions and countries to enable them to adapt to climate change .
Climate change , which was largely brought about by the activities of developed countries , has made it difficult for poor and vulnerable countries to fight poverty .
Developed countries are thus morally obliged to pay partial compensation to poor and vulnerable countries and regions to cover part of the cost of the investments needed to adapt to climate change .
One conservative estimate -- which has a reasonable chance of being accepted precisely because it is conservative -- calls for $ 50 billion per year as of 2015 , increasing to $ 100 billion by 2020 and beyond .
But we all know that these countries and their national banks were able to spend trillions of dollars in a few months to bail out their bankers , who earned super-profits when the going was good .
If the developed world is able to pay trillions of dollars to clean up its bankers ' mess , how is it possible that it can not afford to pay billions of dollars to clean up a mess that it created , and that is threatening the survival of whole continents ?
Third , international private investment flows are essential . It is the private sector that will finance most low-carbon , sustainable growth .
Indeed , China 's growth rate has been boosted over the last two decades by the country 's demographic and land-resource `` bonuses , '' which enabled it to maximize the benefits of globalization .
But the revaluation is likely to be a one-time affair and the free floating of the renminbi is probably not real because a stable currency is very much in China 's interest .
With its huge domestic economy , China would never have been able to accumulate such an enormous external surplus if its growth had not been confined to such enterprises .
As long as Asia holds its foreign reserves in dollars China 's desire to maintain a stable value for the reminbi will continue to offer tremendous advantages for trade and economic development .
China , by contrast , sees its growth as tied to a stable currency , and may not want to introduce a more flexible exchange-rate regime , even after the 2.1 % revaluation in July , pending alleviation of structural problems for which it is extremely difficult to set a timetable .
While this argument suggests that the global trading system must make more room for a rising China -LRB- and India -RRB- , it overlooks the need to address the enormous structural problems in China 's domestic sectors if export-led growth is to become sustainable .
Above all , truly secure and sustainable economic development requires that it build a large consumer base at home .
There is no economic or other theory that explains why a city called a `` financial center '' should be more valuable or lovely than others .
A free-market economy and its legal traditions &#45; &#45; both indispensable to the survival of financial centers -- certainly helps them to rise , but that initial rise has always been attributable to historical evolution , not government strategy .
What China needs most is a financial sector capable of harnessing the forces of liberalization and globalization to drive economic growth in the decades ahead .
In order to curb investment demand , tighter credit rationing and monetary policy are inevitable in 2008 , while investment projects and land use will be subject to more rigorous control .
International commodity prices will continue to rise , increases in domestic labor costs and prices of non-tradable goods can not easily be stemmed , the international economic situation will encourage further capital inflows , and asset inflation will persist .
BEIJING -- The release by WikiLeaks of American diplomatic cables written between 2004 and 2010 contains considerable material on China 's policy toward North Korea .
Yet China 's leaders remain incapable of seeming to abandon the North , no matter how odious its behavior .
Most institutions that are invested in an individualistic orientation hold up the person as sinner , culpable , afflicted , insane , or irrational .
Clinicians are inclined to diagnose disorders that they feel more comfortable treating .
The campaign against under-recognition has probably resulted in some anxious , agitated , and\/or irritable depressed patients who complain of insomnia and `` racing thoughts '' being misdiagnosed with bipolar disorder .
Henry Paulson is Wrong CHICAGO -- When a profitable company is hit by a very large liability , the solution is not to have the government buy its assets at inflated prices . The solution , instead , is protection under bankruptcy law , which in the United States means Chapter 11 .
Paulson 's plan would create a charitable institution that provides welfare to the rich -- at taxpayers ' expense .
Or do we want to live in a system where people are held accountable for their decisions , where imprudent behavior is penalized and prudent behavior rewarded ?
If everybody expects Italy to be solvent , they will lend to Italy at a low interest rate . Italy will be able to meet its current obligations , and most likely its future obligations as well .
If everyone expects that a credit-rating downgrade will make Italian debt unsustainable , Italy will indeed default after a downgrade , regardless of the downgrade 's real economic effects .
Had Franklin Roosevelt succeeded in preventing the Pearl Harbor attack with a preemptive strike against Japan , we would still be discussing whether war with Japan was inevitable .
But the data were not made available , because the interested parties were -LRB- and remain -RRB- afraid to share it , knowing full well what would be revealed .
With its subpoena power , the Angelides Commission could have collected and made available to researchers the data needed to answer many crucial questions about the crisis .
Credit default swaps -LRB- CDS -RRB- of major southern European banks trade slightly lower than the CDS of their sovereign states , indicating that the market does not perceive the latter as able to support the former .
Finally , thanks to IMF involvement , even less advanced countries would be able to take advantage of the best international expertise to address the problem .
If a major oil spill in Haiti were threatening the Gulf of Mexico , would n't we want the best technology -LRB- and not just the technology available in Haiti -RRB- to try to contain it ?
Unfortunately , there is no publicly available data to establish a causal relationship between bonuses ' pay-for-performance sensitivity and risk-taking for lower-level managers .
Historically , these agencies had been reliable in predicting the risk of corporate defaults .
Once again , it relies on overcollateralization , an assumption on the joint distribution of possible outcomes , and the inevitable seal of approval of the three major credit rating agencies .
According to Standard and Poor 's , for example , `` The rating on EFSF reflects our view that guarantees by ` AAA ' rated sovereigns and freely available liquidity reserves invested in ` AAA ' securities will , between them , cover all of EFSF 's liabilities . ''
This is why rating agencies ' opinions are so valuable .
For developing countries , tighter credit conditions and much weaker growth mean that governments are less able to meet education and health goals , and to invest in the infrastructure needed to sustain growth .
Countries are trying to break the credit freeze , bolster financial institutions , ease interest rates , strengthen safety nets , and revive consumption and investment in order to boost business , enable people to work , and lay the foundation for future growth .
In October , I called for modernizing multilateralism and markets to better reflect the changing world economy and to enable countries to act in concert to address interconnected problems .
Multilateralism , at its best , is a means for solving problems among countries , with the group at the table willing and able to take constructive action together .
November 's G-20 summit brought to the table for the first time the rising powers as active stakeholders to address the global financial crisis .
We will not solve this crisis , or put in place sustainable long-term solutions , by accepting a two-tier world .
The goal must be to build an inclusive and sustainable globalization .
This increase is aimed at protecting the poorest and most vulnerable from harm , supporting countries that face borrowing problems because of broken credit markets , and helping to sustain investments upon which recovery and long-term development will depend .
They will address high-priority problems that have emerged in recent months : expanding trade finance , recapitalizing banks in poorer countries , and sustaining infrastructure investment by helping viable projects facing a liquidity crisis .
