Nor has Saddam 's fall changed this fact : anti-US violence is not only an expression of anger at foreign occupation ; it is also a Sunni attempt to abort the establishment of a democratic order that would put them -- the historical masters -- in a subordinate position .
When Turkey invaded Cyprus in 1974 after an abortive attempt by the Greek military junta in Athens to carry out Enosis -LRB- unification with Greece -RRB- , 250,000 or so Greek Cypriots were uprooted from their homes .
Nor is the movement 's brinkmanship entirely irrational , for the legacy of Israel 's 2006 abortive attempt to destroy Hezbollah is that , for the first time in the country 's history , the military establishment is advocating restraint and actively curbing the more hawkish measures being proposed in cabinet meetings .
He naively ignored the harsh lessons of 20 years of abortive peacemaking , and insisted on sticking to the worn-out paradigm of direct negotiations between parties that , when left to their own devices , are bound to come to a deadlock .
There would be thousands of spontaneous abortions and more than 300,000 later cancers .
Not so long ago , issues such as the environment , the balance of work versus leisure in daily life , and the role of marriage , abortion , and other family concerns were secondary political disputes , as politicians fought over who would receive what share of a nation 's wealth .
At the same time , native Europeans must learn to accept that Islam may offer new vantage points on such moral issues as euthanasia , abortion , individuality , and solidarity .
The election was not over policies , simplistic or not , such as war or peace , lower or higher taxes , more or less public spending , how to combat poverty or create jobs , to permit or prohibit capital punishment , abortion , gay marriage , or whatever .
President Gloria Arroyo 's government is on the ropes , with a state of emergency declared in February , following an abortive coup attempt and months of instability arising from allegations of fraud in the 2004 elections .
Even on issues like contraception and abortion , women 's positions are sometimes influenced by conflicting assessments .
The dowry tradition puts pressure on girls ' families to marry them early , leading to a preference for sons -- and thus to sex-specific abortions targeting female fetuses .
At the other end of the spectrum , rape , adultery , early child bearing , and abortion have become ordinary matters .
But insights into the changing moral landscape , in which issues like animal rights , abortion , euthanasia , and international aid have come to the fore , have not come from religion , but from careful reflection on humanity and what we consider a life well lived .
The symbolism of the location is unfortunate , as it carries a reminiscence of the main abortive attempt to manage the world economy during the Great Depression .
Or were conservative US anti-abortionists justified in sending actors with a false story into the offices of Planned Parenthood in order to discredit their opponents ?
In reality , John Paul II was called `` conservative '' because he was against abortion and some other progressive ideas .
But if you want a Pope who is for abortion , then you want a different Church .
Chen Guangcheng , a blind lawyer -- famous for exposing a forced abortion scandal in Shandong -- was given a four-year jail term on the dubious charge of `` organizing a mob to disturb traffic . ''
In a particularly poignant story , a young man convinces his partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
Despite being illegal , ultrasound sex-determination tests are being used across India to identify for abortion extraordinary numbers of healthy female fetuses .
Many have argued that Indian women should stand up to their families and refuse to abort their daughters .
Unlike Hemingway 's character , they are often more than willing to abort a girl and try for a boy .
The novelist Salman Rushdie once put the question to supporters of abortion rights : `` What should be done when a woman uses her power over her own body to discriminate against female fetuses ? ''
Historically , aborted moves and faux pas abound on both sides in the French\/NATO relationship , the latest being Jacques Chirac 's failed attempt to patch up France 's relations with NATO upon his arrival in power in 1995 .
Voters have been subjected to a barrage of outlandish claims : the Treaty would supposedly introduce abortion into Ireland -LRB- it is outlawed under Ireland 's constitution -RRB- , abolish Ireland 's low corporate-tax rate , and introduce a European army that would soon be sending Irish boys home from distant battlefields in body bags .
The second part of the plan is for the EU to provide the Irish with a series of clarifications on other key issues . These include Ireland 's exclusive right to decide policy on issues such as abortion and corporation tax as well as participation in European security and defense operations .
On the No side : a disparate coalition drawn from both the far right and the far left , including ultra-Catholics and unreconstructed Marxists , has sought to whip up hysteria about supposed threats ranging from military conscription to euthanasia and abortion .
These compromises state that nothing in the treaties will affect Irish prerogatives on abortion , military neutrality , and taxation .
Yet there is a frontier between today 's left and right , and it is found in the realm of social issues : same-sex couples and marriages , religious freedom , abortion and female equality . These matters have been increasing in importance , and are inciting a clash between the political forces that have just come to power and their conservative opposition .
She was chosen , to borrow the commentators ' jargon , to energize the party base , which comprises hard-liners suspicious of McCain 's lack of enthusiasm for the causes that fire them up , such as creationism and a ban on abortion .
This is often explicit ; historically , debates about abortion , for example , are often framed in terms of the question : When does the soul enter the body ?
When capital flight forced François Mitterrand to abort his program in 1983 , France 's Socialists performed an abrupt volte-face and embraced financial liberalization on a global scale .
That is why outgoing Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou had the right idea with his aborted call for a referendum .
Evangelicals were brought in on the basis of so-called `` family values , '' meaning opposition to abortion and gay marriage , and promises of active government support for religious activities , including direct payments to religious groups for social services that they provide locally and internationally .
In developed countries , the routine testing of older pregnant women , combined with the availability of abortion , has significantly reduced the incidence of conditions like Down syndrome .
In some regions of India and China where couples are anxious to have a son , selective abortion has been the ultimate form of sexism , and has been practiced to such an extent that a generation is coming of age in which males face a shortage of female partners .
Selection of children need not involve abortion .
In India , although only 53 % say that women have gained greater equality , an additional 14 % say that women now have more rights than men ! -LRB- Presumably , they were thinking only of those females who are not aborted because prenatal testing has shown them not to be male . -RRB-
This possibility highlights the weakness of the argument that abortion , too , is wrong because it destroys a genetically unique human being .
By this reasoning , a woman who finds herself pregnant at an inconvenient time could have an abortion , as long as she preserves a single cell from the fetus to ensure that its unique genetic potential is preserved .
But it seems absurd that this should make any difference to the morality of aborting the fetus .
If , at a later date , the woman wants to have a child , why should she use the DNA of her earlier , aborted fetus rather than conceiving another fetus in the usual way ?
Each fetus -- the one she aborts and the one she later conceives through sexual intercourse -- has its own `` unique '' DNA .
Perhaps the assumption is that , as opponents of abortion sometimes say , the aborted fetus had the genetic potential to become a Beethoven or an Einstein .
But , for all we know , it is the next fetus that the woman will conceive , not the one she aborted , that will turn out to be the Beethoven or Einstein .
But , because fetuses , at least at the stage of development when most abortions are performed , have yet to develop any kind of consciousness , it seems reasonable to regard ending their lives as much less serious than killing a normal human being .
Senator Trent Lott , a conservative Republican -- and a prominent opponent of abortion -- said of the attack : `` Absolutely , we should do it . ''
Either the scope of modernization will be broadened , or modernization will be aborted in favor of regime preservation .
