Realizing Ahtisaari 's proposal will depend on EU solidarity and persistence , coupled with strong American support , to manage the vicissitudes of UN debate , lobby skeptical non-permanent Security Council members , such as Indonesia and South Africa , and persuade Russia to abstain rather than exercise its veto .
Many believe that Russia will not risk its relations with Europe and the US , ultimately abstaining if Western countries hold firm .
An Islamist political party that previously abstained from national politics and rejects Fatah 's policy of negotiations with Israel , is now in charge in Palestine .
Both the Ukrainian revolution and high economic growth have been caused by President Leonid Kuchma 's patent habit of playing everybody against everybody , while abstaining from fair play .
But nor could he abstain or call for others to do so , since this would not only favor Keiko , but would also be a de facto abdication of the intellectuel engagé 's responsibility .
MEXICO CITY -- When the United Nations voted for what was known as partition and created the State of Israel 64 years ago , subsequently granting it full membership , several Latin American countries -- Brazil , El Salvador , Argentina , Colombia , Chile , Honduras -- abstained , or , in the case of Cuba , voted against the relevant resolutions .
Mexico abstained on partition , though it voted in favor of admitting Israel to the UN a few months later , and subsequently recognized the Jewish state , acknowledging that its national interest was best served by not taking sides in the Middle East imbroglio .
Brazil has stated that it intends to vote in the Security Council in favor of recommending Palestine 's admission to the General Assembly ; Colombia has said that it plans to abstain .
On the UN resolution establishing a no-fly zone and civilian protection in Libya , Brazil , along with three of the other `` BRICS '' -LRB- and world power wannabes -RRB- -- Russia , India , and China -- abstained .
The NPT -- a bedrock of peace for more than three decades -- is based on a political agreement between nuclear and non-nuclear states : the latter abstain from obtaining nuclear weapons , while the former destroy their arsenals .
No one believes that such an edifice can be detached from the government , or that he will abstain from taking part in his wife 's decisions as president .
This bilateral initiative comes on the heels of a decade in which America abstained from international efforts to address climate change , concerned that if it acts but China does n't , the world will fail to meet its emission-reduction targets and US industry will be disadvantaged .
While Fukuda has made it clear that he will not visit the Yasukuni Shrine , 160 other parliamentarians paid homage at the site last month , an indication that conservative forces in Japan remain strong and that future prime ministers may not abstain from visiting Yasukuni .
Choice is the essence of governance , and to abstain from it -- for whatever reason -- is to shirk responsibility .
Germany is too big to abstain from leadership in Europe .
Last but not least , the core emerging economies have abstained from increasing tariffs , and their stimulus packages grant much more limited subsidies to the banking and automobile sectors than do comparable packages in OECD countries .
In addition , the Irish government secured legal guarantees from its EU partners on the issues that most concerned voters who voted No or abstained in the first referendum .
Instead , the opposition grew because of a return to its 1998 and 2001 levels of popular support -- around 40 % -- and because it was able to bring back into the fold some of the abstainers and undecided , including important popular factions .
But Russia and China vetoed the proposal anyway , and only nine members of the Security Council voted in favor , with Brazil , India , South Africa , and Lebanon abstaining .
Among the BRICS -- Brazil , Russia , India , China , and South Africa , all of which happen to be on the Security Council currently -- two vetoed and the rest abstained -LRB- along with Lebanon , for obvious reasons -RRB- .
As a result , UMP voters split between abstaining , supporting the Socialist , and voting for the National Front .
By the end of 1999 , divergence was complete : the United States and Britain were employing their air power to enforce the no-fly zones while France joined Russia and China in abstaining on resolution 1284 .
