So far , Musharraf has accepted his diminishing stature quietly -- though he has few other options .
Iraqi Shia have never accepted Iranian dictates , and many took part in Saddam 's war against Iran in the 1980 's .
And Palestinians accepted Hamas 's view that negotiations based on the Oslo Accords could not achieve Palestinian rights and political ambitions .
But Fatah has not accepted defeat , while Hamas is convinced that elements within Fatah agree with Israeli and American plans to topple the Hamas government .
Inequality can be accepted , but not if it is the fruit of corruption , and this remains China 's foremost social problem , which the Party has been unable to eradicate , despite Caijng 's exposés and the death penalty .
Germany never really accepted Monti 's decision to bar government guarantees on the balance sheets of its Landesbanken , the powerful regional banks .
The prospect of being accepted into the EU provided the nations of Eastern and Central Europe with a strong incentive to achieve fiscal balance - a process somewhat similar to what happened in Western Europe at the time the euro was launched .
The reasons are twofold . Accession countries felt that they were asked to make major fiscal adjustments in order to be accepted into the EU .
Surprisingly the Clinton administration accepted that decision .
Last year , both Turkey and the Turkish Cypriot community accepted the Secretary General 's proposals , which were , however , rejected by the Greek Cypriot side .
This proposal was discussed at last December 's European Council meeting and rejected , resulting in a reference to `` open-ended negotiations '' in the Council 's conclusions . That wording -- never used in previous enlargement rounds -- may have ruffled Turkey 's feathers , but it was finally accepted as the type of constructive ambiguity that is so often used in international diplomacy .
During the 30 months he ruled his country , from mid-1998 to the start of 2001 , Estrada accepted payoffs from gambling lords and orchestrated -LRB- with social security funds -RRB- sales of stocks , channeling much of the profits into his personal aliased account .
However , there are other important science-based issues that require study by internationally-based organizations in order to be widely accepted .
They have accepted $ 3 million from him for a prize named in his honor .
Policemen accepted bribes to let the terrorists though .
After all , the Kurds have , by any internationally accepted standards , a right to self-determination .
The outcome was paradoxical , and not to the liking of those who initiated it : but the right of the communities to determine their future was accepted .
The Mufti of Jerusalem , Haj Amin al-Husseini -LRB- later an ally of Nazi Germany -RRB- , became its chairman , but it never succeeded in creating a generally accepted national leadership or in providing the Arab community the panoply of educational and welfare services offered to the Jewish community by its elected institutions .
While Jews accepted this compromise , the Palestinian Arabs , supported by the Arab League countries , rejected it and went to war against the emerging State of Israel .
If carefully crafted , it may even be implicitly accepted , albeit without much enthusiasm , by the Israeli government .
It is now widely accepted that it is important to reward bankers for long-term results .
It accepted a truce , brokered by an Egyptian government fearful of Iran 's influence in neighboring Gaza , that not only gave Hamas political legitimacy and undermined the international community 's policy of not negotiating with this fundamentalist group , but that also allowed it to continue rearming .
Most states nowadays lie within borders that are widely accepted as legitimate , and they increasingly abide by international norms of behavior in times of war .
He has accepted the logic of Israel 's special nuclear status and its position as a major recipient of American military aid .
India and Pakistan , unlike Israel , which has been committed to a strategy of nuclear opacity , both see themselves as nuclear states and want the world to accept that status . Moreover , Israel never tested a nuclear weapon , and has unequivocally accepted the Nuclear Suppliers Group -LRB- NSG -RRB- guidelines , which seek to stem proliferation through the control of nuclear exports .
Obama 's endorsement of Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu 's claim that if Israel is recognized as a Jewish state and its security needs accepted , `` I will surprise , and the sky is the limit , '' has made the current process possible .
The current flare-up is largely due to the fact that Fatah , encouraged by the international community 's boycott of Hamas , never really accepted its electoral defeat and Hamas 's right to govern .
At the same time , the governments of Chad and the Central African Republic would never have accepted NATO 's intervention to help resolve the Darfur crisis .
The fact that Europe 's banks need massive amounts of new capital is by now generally accepted .
Under that bargain , the bigger states accepted restraints on their power in order to increase the weight of the Union as a whole while the smaller ones realized that being part of the club gave them a chance they would not have otherwise , namely to participate in the shaping of common policies .
The alliance can claim important achievements over the past 15 years : it helped to stabilize Europe as it enlarged to 26 members , almost double the Cold War number ; it kept the Balkan conflict under control ; it even accepted a role in extra-European security contingencies such as Afghanistan .
Because of the financial crisis , many politicians have accepted the argument , in a virtual throwback to Adam Smith , that financial services are unproductive -- even counterproductive -- and need to be scaled back by governmental intervention . It is then inferred that this means that manufactures must be expanded .
Indeed , the West accepted the view that globalization would result -LRB- as with trade -RRB- in mutual gain , embracing what I called in 1997 the notion of `` benign neglect . ''
If they came to be accepted as the guiding principles of European policy , Europe 's economy would become petrified , with stagnant growth making it impossible to afford even modest levels of social transfers .
But national governments remain reluctant to delegate authority : in November 2004 , the European Council accepted qualified majority voting on measures concerning illegal migration , but left restrictions on legal migration subject to unanimity rules , as if legal and illegal migration were not merely two sides of the same coin .
To be honest , I am not sure that all of the world 's governments have accepted the inevitable , or that even the most inflexible will now agree to the moratorium .
The Bush administration has accepted that North Korea is a nuclear power and that outsiders can do little about it , so the United States has shifted its diplomatic stance from the hard-line Japanese approach to the more flexible and stability-oriented Chinese position .
In the Doha trade negotiations , industrialized nations accepted the need to liberalize their agricultural markets by reducing subsidies to domestic producers and tariff barriers on agricultural imports .
If accepted , it promises Ukraine , which aspires to EU membership and is currently negotiating a Free Trade Agreement with the Union , the stable , effective , and democratic government that it needs .
As a result of this national consensus -- accepted by Labor , Likud , and Kadima , along with many others -- the next government will most likely be a national unity government consisting of this trio . Its policy guidelines are already clear :
Out of the ashes of war a new kind of Europe arose , as did a new kind of Japan , which even had a pacifist constitution -LRB- written by idealistic Americans , but gratefully accepted by most Japanese -RRB- .
The children of immigrants , born in Europe , sense they are not fully accepted in the country where they grew up , but neither do they feel a special bond with their parent 's native country .
The distinction that I was drawing in my testimony , between law and morals , was not accepted .
If it were generally accepted , it would imply that the EU now holds official moral doctrines , and that allegiance to these doctrines is required in order to exercise the full right of citizens to serve in a public capacity .
Supervised by a blue-ribbon commission of college presidents and distinguished jurists , they have all been honest , fair , and peaceful , with the results accepted by winners and losers .
Israel 's right to exist -- and to live in peace -- must be recognized and accepted by Palestinians and all other neighbors ;
Poland 's Catholic bishops , however , accepted the assignment given to them by the Pope and have repeatedly stressed that one of the Church 's goals in a united Europe is to foster a revival of Christianity .
If the Salvadoran left 's close electoral victory is peacefully accepted -- as it has been so far -- it means that Latin America has truly come a long way .
Moreover , independence would not be accepted by the Serbian public , which has already watched in dismay as `` Great Serbia '' has been gradually whittled away , most recently with the secession of Montenegro .
Then , in May of this year , Lula teamed up with Turkey in proposing a deal with Iran on its nuclear program , which the latter nominally accepted but the rest of the world did not .
Whereas Brazil and Turkey claimed that the arrangement had been accepted by the US and Europe , the US called for -- and got , with the support of Europe -- new and stronger United Nations sanctions , which only Brazil and Turkey opposed .
A coup was a coup , could not be accepted , and , however provocative Zelaya had been , the only possible US position was his unconditional return to power .
The right accepted its defeat , and the left has governed reasonably -LRB- maintaining the dollar as the national currency -RRB- .
So Pakistanis have grimly accepted military rule as their destiny .
Aside from these obvious benefits , education is also a widely accepted humanitarian obligation and an internationally mandated human right .
Some argue that insisting on amoral diplomatic language is no longer necessary , because human rights are more or less universally accepted , if not always observed .
This will require appropriate human behavior at all levels , and may well involve internationally accepted , large-scale geo-engineering projects to `` optimize '' climate .
Similarly , when Chancellor Brandt launched his Ostpolitik two decades later , he was widely accused of selling out to the Communists and jeopardizing West Germany 's European and Atlantic destiny , which by this point had become generally accepted .
Initially heterodox and apparently unacceptable views became the new orthodoxy accepted by most of their citizens .
Turkey wants desperately to be accepted into the EU , whose `` Copenhagen criteria , '' approved in 1993 , define what may be called the constitutional prerequisites of membership .
The point about George W. Bush 's first term was that despite grumblings and continued vocal opposition , the result of the election of 2000 was generally accepted .
There must be certain accepted rules of the political game that are binding on all , so that whoever does not accept or obey them is disqualified .
Outside Europe , the `` anything goes '' attitude was never fully accepted .
Violent responses to unwelcome views are never justified and can not be accepted .
In the accepted classification of sciences , mathematics is thought to be the queen , and the most difficult to grasp , followed by physics , chemistry , and , finally , biology .
Now , Turkey has in principle been accepted as a potential candidate for EU membership .
In 1950 , when the EU was born , the political dilemma was comparatively simple . So was its solution : the large member states -- France , Germany , and Italy -- accepted some common decision-making , because they believed they were still independent nation states .
The three small Benelux member states -- Netherlands , Belgium , and Luxemburg -- accepted common decision-making , because they believed that this would maximize their national interests .
Indeed , just recently he defended that policy , whereas many other central bankers have tacitly or explicitly accepted that they need a new approach to credit and asset prices .
It was accepted that maintaining exchange controls required a high level of foreign reserves .
Today , it is an accepted fact that the kindest thing you can say about the Bush administration is that it is completely incompetent , which is the line now taken by hard-line Bush supporters like the National Review and the commentator Robert Novak .
The Democrats ' Line in the Sand BERKELEY -- Ever since the 1928 work of Frank Ramsey , economists have accepted the utilitarian argument that a good economy is one in which returns on investment are not too great a multiple -- less than three -- of the rate of per capita economic growth .
BERKELEY -- For more than 170 years , it has been accepted doctrine that markets are not to be trusted when there is a liquidity squeeze .
For more than half that time -- say , 85 years -- it has been accepted doctrine that markets are also not to be trusted even in normal times , lest doing so lead to a liquidity squeeze or to an inflationary bubble .
Nor is it any longer accepted that such actions will be sufficient .
This response is understandably controversial , because it rewards those who bet on risky assets , many of whom accepted risk with open eyes and bear some responsibility for causing the crisis . But an effective rescue can not be done any other way .
Financial rescue operations that benefit even the unworthy can be accepted if they are seen as benefiting all -- even if the unworthy gain more than their share of the benefits .
What can not be accepted are financial rescue operations that benefit the unworthy and cause losses to other important groups -- like taxpayers and wage earners .
Representatives may demand interpretation into their home language , but a proposal to limit each country 's translation budget is likely to be accepted soon .
But there is a way to replace the traditional paradigm with an internationally accepted model that has a proven record of success , particularly in health care .
It then accepted Greece into its monetary union with full knowledge that its fiscal accounts were not worth the paper they were written on .
Such denial is in no one 's interest . Not in the kind of Europe we still have to build -- a Europe where big and small countries are assured that they share the same rights and obligations , where minorities feel safe , where basic human rights are accepted as an inextricable part of our political system , and where neighbors are regarded with respect and expectations , not fear and anxiety .
A United Nations plan for unification was accepted by the Turkish part . But the Greek Cypriots voted against the plan because their leaders did not live up to the implicit deal with the EU to support it .
I remember when this phrase was last used : in 1991 , when the chairman of the European Council of Ministers visited what was still Yugoslavia and eagerly accepted the empty promises of Slobodan Milosevic and his clique that they were ready to accept European pleas for a peaceful resolution to the conflicts there .
The euro would , however , have to be accepted as legal tender in the UK , alongside the pound , and in the commonwealth countries , and this would demand close cooperation between the Bank of England and the ECB .
GM techniques are widely accepted in medicine and food technology .
Today an inflation rate of close to zero is the accepted goal of US policy .
The result is , the second phase of the deployment has still not taken place even though it was accepted by Khartoum six months ago .
However , it took nearly two centuries of wars , political and social disasters , and decolonization before this idea became globally accepted , at least in theory .
The possible trade-off could be that the existing principles and institutions of the post-Soviet European order , including NATO , remain unchanged and are accepted and implemented by Russia , which would get a significantly enhanced role within NATO , including the perspective of full membership .
Also noteworthy in that election is that the losing side immediately accepted defeat and that Syria is now obviously serious about building a new rapport with Lebanon .
Turkish Northern Cyprus accepted UN Secretary General Kofi Annan 's plan -LRB- massively supported by the EU -RRB- to resolve the long-standing conflict .
BERLIN -- Finally , German Chancellor Angela Merkel has accepted a new form of European Union .
Sen says that what is being accepted here should be thought of as national identity .
Indeed , whereas the ECB seemed to have implicitly accepted an objective of economic growth , it maintained its hard line against inflation on October 4 .
This was the widely accepted approach toward German liability for the Holocaust , and there are many who urge the same approach toward America 's responsibility for slavery .
But this unusual procedure , permitted in the military commissions , runs afoul of accepted canons of federal , Constitutional , and international law .
For example , if Iran 's nuclear activities were to be surrounded with enough voluntarily accepted checks and controls , we could be confident of detecting at an early stage any diversion toward military purposes .
So the emphasis on restoring Chinese commercial interests is accepted reluctantly if not completely understood .
So why should Kosovo 's declaration be accepted ?
Medieval Christianity was by nature European , although it avoided the word itself and accepted all national forms of cultural expression .
Although a compromise solution was provisionally accepted , its message is weak and obscure .
To be sure , the causal connection remains uncertain : after all , there is also a positive relationship -- widely accepted in development economics -- between manufacturing growth and overall growth . But what has been overlooked is that the effect of services growth on aggregate economic growth appears to be as strong , if not stronger , than the effect of manufacturing growth on overall growth .
Conversely , Israel is also fighting two wars : a just war to defend its right to exist , accepted in its integrity and security in the Middle East , and an unjust and futile war to perpetuate its occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip and the Jewish settlements located there .
In the end , the Irish accepted me because that was my mother 's nationality .
The debt crisis will end only when they have shown that they have understood this and accepted the inevitable sacrifices .
It could have helped to contain the current crisis if it had accepted invitations to invest in Lehman Brothers , but , given its previous losses on Wall Street , it declined .
This time around , only genuine negotiations by both parties ? and a mutually accepted settlement ? are likely to stand the test of time .
More recently , they have largely accepted the fact of anthropogenic -LRB- man-made -RRB- climate change but argue that its impacts will not be great , that we can `` wait and see , '' and that in any case we can always fix the problem if it turns out to be substantial .
If this constitution were accepted in anything like the proposed form , the EU would gain many attributes and trappings of statehood : its own president and foreign minister , its own legal system .
The United States is a bad example : only 692 refugees have been accepted since the invasion -- roughly the number of Iraqis who are killed every week .
He said , `` If you want to be accepted as equals by Gadje -LRB- non-Roma -RRB- , you must be better educated than they are .
If the rest accepted this bottom-up calculation , society would miss out on the 0.5 % boost to annual growth that this radical innovation ultimately brought about .
We need to celebrate , advertise , and propagandize new innovations only when their success is questionable , before they have become widely accepted .
The implication of Marx 's renewed popularity is that capitalism is now universally accepted as being fundamentally broken , with the financial system at the heart of the problem .
Today , the equivalent collapse has been of the `` regulation-lite '' regime in which a party that styled itself as `` New Labor '' accepted a powerful role for markets -- particularly for largely deregulated financial markets .
Before the Brady Plan was announced , Mexico had accepted a wide-ranging Pact of Economic Solidarity and Growth , which immediately improve investor confidence and reduced sky-high domestic interest rates .
Having grown up in a China that is now accepted as a legitimate great power , the new generation of leaders will be more impatient about China resuming its place as the paramount power in Asia .
Instead , the agreement limits itself to responding to the widely accepted goal of keeping carbon-dioxide levels below 450 parts per million , and the rise in average global temperature below 2 ° C. But are these targets realistic ?
Either the island will reunite under a UN plan accepted by both sides or the status quo will need to change by some other means .
Without fanfare , German workers accepted longer hours without increases in pay .
The newly established Israeli government refuses even to pay lip service to the internationally accepted requirements for peace .
Because Arabic makes no distinction between chairman and president , the Israelis accepted use of the Arabic word rayyes in the official English text .
Once again , Palestinians accepted Obama 's formula , while Netanyahu publicly rejected it , leaving Palestinians with no other nonviolent alternative but to go to the UN to seek a state based on the 1967 borders .
Hamas understands the political obligations that it must meet in order to be fully accepted in the world community , but its leaders prefer to wait until they are fully empowered before exploring these issues .
They reject the widely accepted view , based on early sacred texts , that ancient believers did not ban the slaughter of cattle , and that such a ban probably became part of the Hindu moral code only around the fifth and sixth centuries AD , when the later Puranas were written .
The death sentences and torturing that were then imposed on almost entire nations and millions of people are , it now appears , to be silently accepted and noisily celebrated on May 9 in Moscow .
These social democrats were once part of a socialist , revolutionary , or reformist left , tightly allied with labor unions . But they ultimately accepted the market economy , and came to lean toward ideological moderation and to compete for votes in the political center . At the same time , motivated by their political competition and their own leftist ideology , these social democratic governments emphasize both economic growth and social inclusion .
France had to a large extent initiated both treaties , had managed to get them accepted by its European partners , but in the end vetoed its own undertakings .
This system of political alienation is accepted by an overwhelming majority of Russians .
For now , at least , provincial Russians and the new urban class alike have accepted Putin 's no-participation pact .
Europe , too , has grudgingly accepted that without developing nations ' participation , rich nations ' cuts will have little impact .
This figure may seem surprisingly low , but that is only because so many of us have accepted the widespread view that we lack the capacity to adapt to large rises in sea levels .
But it is our fate as humans , and it is usually accepted with dignity when the hour comes .
But to be accepted by other Lebanese , and to some extent even to retain the support of fellow Shia , Hezbollah had to agree to join the Lebanese consensus on the priority of reconstruction and economic recovery after years of civil war .
Having implicitly accepted responsibility for starting the war , Nasrallah has directed Hezbollah to focus on rapid reconstruction in villages and towns , right up to the Israeli border .
The fatwas -LRB- legal opinions concerning Islamic law -RRB- that they issue appear unreasonable and can not be accepted by those with scientific knowledge .
Nevertheless , the election of a new , democratic , and lawful president has become accepted nationally as a necessary point of departure from the murderous path taken by the country with the extension of Lahoud 's mandate .
The fall of the Berlin Wall and German reunification , surprisingly accepted by Mikhail Gorbachev , meant immediate and direct support in reconstructing East Germany 's institutions and economy .
In the constitutional convention , the Blair government accepted the inclusion of its provisions in the body of the text , but insisted on language limiting their reach .
Last fall , Germany , the largest contributor to the EU budget , accepted a compromise prolonging the present CAP for a decade .
But not everyone accepted this path .
Once it is accepted that shareholders and creditors deserve no relief , the resolution fund simply becomes deposit insurance .
We do know that acupuncture is a safe , inexpensive , widely accepted , and potentially effective therapy .
After all , this is Europe more than six decades after World War II , and nearly 20 years after the collapse of the Soviet Union . The use of force to settle scores and impose one nation 's will upon another can not be accepted passively .
Scientific knowledge is more likely to emerge in environments where it is accepted that there are no prescribed or logical methods for formulating hypotheses ; that they may be the result of sudden inspiration ; or that they may come from dreams , from other disciplines , or from people that belong to different professions or have different backgrounds .
Moreover , although the World Bank accepted the country 's reconstruction program -- called `` Horizon 2000 '' -- the money for it , from the European Investment Bank and Arab funds , has barely trickled in .
That December vote on the EU Constitutional Treaty closed this parenthesis : by approving of it , the Socialists consciously accepted a reformist , social democratic , European identity .
It is the course we are on . But for now , it is a journey without a clearly defined , widely accepted endpoint .
The world has already accepted the basic principle that the rich should bear more of the cost of mitigating climate change .
Maritain accepted the Pope 's verdict and began a remarkable ideological journey toward democracy .
Nevertheless , some body of thought that makes democracy attractive for believers -- and reassures non-believers that the faithful have accepted pluralism -- had to be available .
In such cases , the likelihood of failure increases , because of the intrinsically multilateral nature of transnational issues in a global age , and the costly effects on US soft power that unaccepted unilateral actions may impose .
Already the scenes of looters exploiting the chaos in the early aftermath of the storm have been replaced with stories of charitable contributions from other parts of the country , of children being accepted into schools outside the city , and of families being helped by strangers .
Last October , Mohamed El Baradei , the head of the IAEA , announced that Iran had accepted enhanced inspection procedures .
Although some Japanese complain about the unequal nature of the alliance 's security components , owing to the limits that Japan has accepted on the use of force , in these new areas , Japan is a stronger partner .
On one hand , the US supported China 's membership in the World Trade Organization and accepted Chinese goods and visitors . On the other hand , the Clinton-Hashimoto Declaration of April 1996 affirmed that the US-Japan security treaty , rather than being a Cold War relic , would provide the basis for a stable and prosperous East Asia .
Since 2009 , it has accepted and even recommended that such regulations are useful to manage the massive inflows of `` hot money '' into emerging markets .
The United States , Israel , and Britain have also expressed willingness to provide Nigeria with counter-terrorism support , but this `` help , '' if accepted , would only inflame passions in the country 's Islamic belt .
Livni , at last widely accepted as a leader worth her salt , spoke loudly of peace with the Palestinians in the last day of her campaign . It did her no harm at the ballot box .
Similarly , after some theological debate , British Muslims have widely accepted that they owe unreserved loyalty to Britain .
Only three maverick Republican Senators went along with Obama 's proposals to get the plan accepted .
At its heart lay a simple proposition : the republicans , who called for and bombed for a United Ireland -- hammering together the predominantly Protestant North and the overwhelmingly Catholic South -- accepted that constitutional change could come only through the ballot box .
In return , the Protestant majority in the north accepted that republicans should not have to accept the symbols of a state to which they felt no loyalty .
President Barack Obama 's first visit to China last November , in which he accepted the role of pliant suitor at the court of the emperor , strengthened the impression of a deal between today 's great power and tomorrow 's .
For years , we in the West -- shame on us -- talked up democracy around the world , but , despite the occasional gentle slap on the wrist of Arab despots , we accepted that there was an Arab exception to the desire for freedom and accountability .
Necessity sometimes dictates that risks be accepted , as Britain did in 1939 .
Given that the largest part of the industry -LRB- 60 % -RRB- is based on leveraged buy-outs and extreme debt , it seems only reasonable to demand that they honor the transparency and tax rules accepted by everyone else .
The IMF has long called on donors to meet the internationally accepted target for overseas development assistance of 0.7 % of GDP .
The Enlightenment idea that our System-II rationality can always point to an optimal choice about which every reasonable individual would agree clashes with the widely accepted modern idea that there is a plurality of reasonable choices .
Rejected while they were still fascist dictatorships , their candidacies were accepted when their regimes changed .
But this does not take anything away from the extraordinary community constituted by the intellectual and cultural patrimony that unites Europeans around recognized and accepted values .
All these values are accepted pillars of political and institutional stability in today 's Europe , and command nearly unanimous agreement .
Today 's accepted wisdom is that markets are optimally balanced whatever their state , meaning that no government intervention or regulation would be efficient or desirable .
Not only is the decline of previously accepted social and financial regulations reflected in the relative , but important , drop in wage income as a percentage of GDP -- and therefore consumer spending -- in all developed countries in the last thirty years , but also the deliberate abolition of controls allows the banking sector to do as it pleases .
The usefulness of activist monetary and fiscal policies became widely accepted in the aftermath of the Great Depression .
They accepted the risk implied by ultra-thin capitalizations when it was mainly US government money on the line ; they would be more reluctant to do so if it was mostly their own money that they were wagering .
The same is true with respect to the President 's assertion that Israel 's permanent presence in Palestinian territories and the non-return of Palestinian refugees to their homes in Israel must be accepted as realities on the ground .
Russia , therefore , should apply two fundamental principles that it has already accepted in several declarations .
Chávez himself appears to have tacitly , if reluctantly , accepted that the recall vote will be held this August .
Sharon embodied a new national consensus , accepted by at least two-thirds of the population , that reflects deep-seated changes in the country and its situation .
In 1975 he accepted an offer from the MIT Department of Economics , where he taught until his death .
But the Union 's regulatory authority is likely to be accepted by the accession countries only if it remains tied to the redistributionist ethic at the heart of the EU 's social model .
Darwin accepted the design-like nature of organisms and their parts .
Most thinkers back then accepted the Arab estimates that the universe was two hundred million miles across , which is enough room to swing quite a few cats -- or Oxford atheists !
When they voted on the components to be included in the country 's submission , the HIV\/AIDS and tuberculosis plans were accepted but the malaria component was rejected due to its low quality .
It is widely accepted that oil , not terror , was the original motivation of the war -- a war planned by Mr. Bush 's senior advisors during the 1990 's , and made possible by their accession to power in 2001 .
The roots of failure lie in the US and Israeli governments ' belief that military force and financial repression can lead to peace on their terms , rather than accepting a compromise on terms that the Middle East , the rest of the world , and , crucially , most Israelis and Palestinians , accepted long ago .
Similarly , a 2005 survey found that 59 % of self-professed conservative Republicans rejected any theory of evolution , while 67 % of liberal Democrats accepted some version of evolutionary theory .
These investments were eventually accepted as making a contribution to their host countries .
The Chinese government can play a crucial role by adopting a code of conduct for all Chinese enterprises investing abroad , in line with internationally accepted norms and taking into account the increasing importance of sustainable FDI .
Today , it is widely accepted that breast cancer , whether familial or sporadic , can be understood as a complex disease .
Initially , experts have to ask whether the result of a genetic test for susceptibility factors can help clinical decisions to be made on the basis of generally accepted guidelines .
The Bank must be open to local invention if it is to be accepted by and relevant to middle-income nations .
Perhaps it is accepted resignedly , as the cosmopolitan class is too amorphous and ill-defined to be the target of any social movement .
Religious opposition notwithstanding , the use of IVF by infertile couples of normal reproductive age has been widely accepted around the world , and rightly so .
It is surprising how readily politicians of all parties -- even strong ideological defenders of the unregulated market -- accepted the idea that the state should bail out banks and insurance companies when they got into trouble .
In most of the world , it is accepted that if animals are to be killed for food , they should be killed without suffering .
India must understand this troubled partnership , into which America entered with its eyes wide open , though it would help if the US accepted that India has paid -- and continues to pay -- a very high price on this account .
So , whenever it came to restructuring the EU , they always accepted a level of influence that was small relative to their country 's size .
Former French President Jacques Chirac did not hesitate to justify this imbalance with a reference to World War II , which the Germans accepted .
The US accepted the lower valuation of the renminbi as long as China returned the dollars that it earned from bilateral merchandise trade by financing America 's budget deficit .
Out of the government 's anti-inflationary efforts emerged the `` Lawson doctrine , '' first stated in 1984 and broadly accepted by governments and central banks ever since .
Banks grew out of a practice by gold smiths and silver smiths , who , for a small price , accepted deposits for safekeeping .
But that reconciliation did not last long : Google , after all , had accepted censorship from the beginning of its efforts in China , in 2006 , in order to gain entry into the Chinese market .
Such proposals , if accepted , would help resolve the current dispute to everyone 's satisfaction .
Unfortunately , the American public accepted uncritically the war metaphor as the obvious response to 9\/11 .
The European authorities accepted a plan that would reduce the deficit gradually , but the markets were not reassured .
Only if China pays closer attention to how it is perceived and accepted by the rest of the world can it continue to rise in a peaceful manner .
The European Central Bank treated all member countries ' sovereign debt as essentially riskless , and accepted their government bonds at its discount window on equal terms .
It now seems universally accepted -LRB- often implicitly -RRB- that government should establish the structure and rules for the financial system , with participants then pursuing their self-interest within that framework .
With public opinion polls indicating that the AKP 's draft constitution , prepared by an academic committee , would be accepted through normal democratic procedures , the Chief Prosecutor acted to uphold the type of secularism enshrined in the 1982 Constitution , which many commentators liken to French secularism .
A presidential election at a moment of great uncertainty , and in the absence of experienced democratic parties or broadly accepted leaders , is filled with danger .
As the press started taking a closer look at Enron , the number of members of Congress who had accepted money from Enron became clear .
NEW YORK -- The mortgage debacle in the United States has raised deep questions about `` the rule of law , '' the universally accepted hallmark of an advanced , civilized society .
It would have been helpful for Bush if the World Bank quietly accepted proposals to finance debt relief for the poorest countries by depleting its reserves , thereby making poor countries pay for the poorest by reducing the Bank 's lending capacity .
At every level , there is a consciousness of environmental limits and the realization that the resource-intensive consumption patterns now accepted in the United States would be a disaster for China -- and for the world .
By the time I left the Bank , these ideas were widely accepted , and I was pleased that Wolfowitz supported continuing the Bank 's efforts .
Back in April , G-20 leaders accepted that investing in a low-carbon infrastructure , particularly energy services , is key to a truly sustainable economic and environmental future .
Initially , the government accepted the ruling , but it was overturned by an Order-in-Council -LRB- an executive order from the Queen and not a law passed by Parliament -RRB- in 2004 .
By comparison , Sweden , with one-sixth the population of Italy , accepted the same number of asylum-seekers in 2009 .
It does n't help that the two countries share the longest disputed frontier in the world , since the LAC has never been formally delineated in a manner accepted by both sides .
That may seem like an obvious point , but it is not universally accepted .
And what would Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga say if Gbagbo asks him why he - unlike Alassane Ouatarra , whom the AU recognizes as Côte d'Ivoire 's rightful president - accepted a power-sharing agreement after a 2007 disputed presidential election ?
And at regulatory agencies like Britain 's Financial Services Authority -LRB- which I lead -RRB- , the belief that financial innovation and increased market liquidity were valuable because they complete markets and improve price discovery was not just accepted ; it was part of the institutional DNA .
Interests and ideology often interact in ways so subtle that is difficult to disentangle them , the influence of interests being achieved through an unconsciously accepted ideology .
In addition , we call on the African Union , with the support of the United Nations , to send an investigative mission to Zimbabwe to determine what additional measures may be required to carry out the internationally accepted `` responsibility to protect . ''
There must be accepted rules that are binding on everyone in politics , so that whoever does not accept or obey them is disqualified .
This is all the more remarkable insofar as the principle of competition on which it relies has taken root in a country where competition within the area of public services has not generally been accepted .
Omar Suleiman 's appointment as Vice-President -LRB- and heir-apparent -RRB- indicates that the army has accepted that Mubarak must leave sooner or later .
He accepted this risk as the price to be paid in order to improve the economic welfare of ordinary Chinese .
On the other hand , the United States and the European Union have formally accepted Russia as a `` market economy , '' a status that makes it less likely that other market economies will impose `` anti-dumping '' tariffs or other protectionist measures on Russia 's exports .
To prevent fraud , an acute problem in the past , the new law established a `` right of rescission , '' whereby the receiver can ask courts to rescind any action by a debtor that involves fraud , evasion , or unfair liquidation in the prescribed period before a bankruptcy petition is accepted and assets recovered . The system now holds the key to fairness liquidation .
For example , the Chinese government reiterated its core diplomatic principle of non-intervention in other countries ' affairs during the Libya crisis , yet China accepted the imposition of United Nations ' sanctions on Muammar Qaddafi 's government .
And if a well-placed official wanted to enter into a successful business , refusals were not accepted .
Even Egypt , a great and sovereign nation , accepted demilitarization of Sinai as a part of its peace process with Israel .
Precisely because gays seem so accepted , the arrests sent a disturbing message .
As I watched , a European next to me explained that such dancing is accepted , so long as the contact between the men is left undefined .
One conservative estimate -- which has a reasonable chance of being accepted precisely because it is conservative -- calls for $ 50 billion per year as of 2015 , increasing to $ 100 billion by 2020 and beyond .
