In a historic ruling that Musharraf had little choice but to accept , the Supreme Court itself reinstated the Chief Justice in July .
So far , Musharraf has accepted his diminishing stature quietly -- though he has few other options .
The public 's demand for free elections and the resulting creation of a democratic government have forced the military to accept the public will .
But the army must accept its subservience to Pakistan 's political leadership .
Iraqi Shia have never accepted Iranian dictates , and many took part in Saddam 's war against Iran in the 1980 's .
So far , the Kremlin has resolutely stated that it will accept only a settlement agreed to by both parties , in effect endorsing Serbia 's position .
At every turn , Russia has challenged Western efforts to facilitate Kosovo 's independence . After a year of negotiations between Serbia and Kosovo , President Vladimir Putin 's Kremlin rejected the UN mediator 's report recommending supervised independence , prevented the Security Council from accepting that report , and insisted on three additional months of negotiations between Serbia and Kosovo -- even after compromise became impossible .
The world must make clear that Russian military involvement in Abkhazia is unacceptable , while also restraining Georgia 's government from reacting militarily to any provocation .
And Palestinians accepted Hamas 's view that negotiations based on the Oslo Accords could not achieve Palestinian rights and political ambitions .
But Fatah has not accepted defeat , while Hamas is convinced that elements within Fatah agree with Israeli and American plans to topple the Hamas government .
Abbas believes that Hamas 's acceptance of negotiations with Israel is the only way to break the international sanctions that are devastating Palestinian society .
After all , Horst Köhler , the IMF managing director , resigned from a job that commands the world 's attention to accept the nomination to become President of Germany , a ceremonial post with no power whatsoever , not even inside Germany .
Inequality can be accepted , but not if it is the fruit of corruption , and this remains China 's foremost social problem , which the Party has been unable to eradicate , despite Caijng 's exposés and the death penalty .
This is the only condition under which the People 's Liberation Army and the all-powerful Military Commission will accept democratization .
Germany never really accepted Monti 's decision to bar government guarantees on the balance sheets of its Landesbanken , the powerful regional banks .
The prospect of being accepted into the EU provided the nations of Eastern and Central Europe with a strong incentive to achieve fiscal balance - a process somewhat similar to what happened in Western Europe at the time the euro was launched .
The reasons are twofold . Accession countries felt that they were asked to make major fiscal adjustments in order to be accepted into the EU .
If raising income taxes to the standard of industrial economies is impossible , then you must accept a lower level of public services : hence his radical privatization program of the early 1990 's , hence his assault on public sector employees and their European-style salaries and benefits .
The most important lesson of APEC 's failure is a recognition of the enormous difficulty found in constructing a broad enough , and yet politically acceptable , package when trade negotiations are limited to particular beneficiaries .
There is also now an acceptance that the voting system within the European Council should be based on a double majority of population and member states .
Surprisingly the Clinton administration accepted that decision .
Last year , both Turkey and the Turkish Cypriot community accepted the Secretary General 's proposals , which were , however , rejected by the Greek Cypriot side .
This proposal was discussed at last December 's European Council meeting and rejected , resulting in a reference to `` open-ended negotiations '' in the Council 's conclusions . That wording -- never used in previous enlargement rounds -- may have ruffled Turkey 's feathers , but it was finally accepted as the type of constructive ambiguity that is so often used in international diplomacy .
By accepting European demands for democratic reform as a pre-condition for EU membership , Erdogan played a liberalizing role , reinforcing his claim that his party represents a genuinely democratic option for a Muslim-majority country B indeed , that it is an Islamic version of the Christian Democratic parties that have long dominated Europe 's political right .
By the 1970 's , however , advertising campaigns targeted `` liberated '' women , telling them that smoking was not only acceptable , but desirable .
In line with the Islamic tradition of accepting the `` People of the Book , '' the young sultan granted amnesty to the patriarchate .
During the 30 months he ruled his country , from mid-1998 to the start of 2001 , Estrada accepted payoffs from gambling lords and orchestrated -LRB- with social security funds -RRB- sales of stocks , channeling much of the profits into his personal aliased account .
Notwithstanding the opinion polls , it does seem as though the public not only accepts his conviction , but that they respect it as the outcome of a fair system that has been allowed to work .
However , there are other important science-based issues that require study by internationally-based organizations in order to be widely accepted .
Cunningly , Putin then strapped this apathy to the first shoots of post-Soviet economic growth in order to conclude a new social contract : he would raise living standards in exchange for ordinary Russians ' acceptance of severe limits on their constitutional rights and liberties .
They have accepted $ 3 million from him for a prize named in his honor .
Given the mountain of evidence of corruption and money-laundering by Obiang , his family , and his associates , as well as the deplorable living conditions that people in Equatorial Guinea endure , how is it possible that UNESCO agreed to accept Obiang 's money and name a prize in life sciences after him ?
Yet their most valuable asset is cultural : soldiers who are willing and able to interact with the local population , who are cautious in their use of lethal force , and who are ready to accept the many shades of gray that exist between conflicting parties .
The Turks , they think , will fatalistically accept any snub .
We must all consider what responsibilities we are willingly ready to accept , and then discuss our answers with others .
Policemen accepted bribes to let the terrorists though .
Meanwhile , Yushchenko was forced to accept a poorly designed political reform full of traps .
How could people and governments accept these enormous debts and even recommend further fiscal stimulus ?
They should also be offered the lifting of sanctions on Iraq provided that they - after getting rid of Saddam - accept the resumption of a UN inspection regime .
After all , the Kurds have , by any internationally accepted standards , a right to self-determination .
After all , nobody accepts Israel 's claim to oppose as a matter of principle the establishment of a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza .
The outcome was paradoxical , and not to the liking of those who initiated it : but the right of the communities to determine their future was accepted .
First , there was strong external pressure : confronted and exasperated by Arafat 's deviousness and autocratic style , the United States and the European Union clearly told the Palestinians that any future support for their quest for independence would depend on their going through a reasonably acceptable democratic process .
This document was intended to serve as an implicit acceptance of Israel 's right to exist .
On the contrary , the text legitimizes continuing attacks against Israeli civilians in the West Bank , making it unacceptable to Israel -- and to the international community .
But the fundamental problem is that , until now , at every historical juncture , the Palestinians refused to accept a compromise and consequently failed in nation-building .
The Mufti of Jerusalem , Haj Amin al-Husseini -LRB- later an ally of Nazi Germany -RRB- , became its chairman , but it never succeeded in creating a generally accepted national leadership or in providing the Arab community the panoply of educational and welfare services offered to the Jewish community by its elected institutions .
While Jews accepted this compromise , the Palestinian Arabs , supported by the Arab League countries , rejected it and went to war against the emerging State of Israel .
If carefully crafted , it may even be implicitly accepted , albeit without much enthusiasm , by the Israeli government .
But making a settlement freeze a precondition for negotiations was obviously unacceptable to the Israeli government , which maintained that no preconditions for negotiations should be set .
Indeed , he did , after all , announce last year that contrary to his Likud Party 's previous position , he was now willing to accept a two-state solution -- a position that is still anathema to many Likud members , as well to at least three of the smaller parties in his government coalition .
The lessons from any trial of Milosevic should be taught to Serbia 's citizens by Serbian judges , within a normative system that most Serbs accept as legitimate .
As a first step , countries with forces in Afghanistan should accept that , as parties to the conflict , they need to be parties to the peace as well , and that every military operation has far-reaching and sometimes irreversible political implications .
This acceptance of collective responsibility should come with abandoning US veto power in the IMF by lowering required voting majorities , as well as abandoning Europe 's prerogative of appointing the Managing Director .
Indeed , whether CCP members who have become `` revolutionarily '' wealthy remain `` red '' is determined solely by their acceptance of one-party rule .
Western observers could accept the exiles ' assurances that their proposals on autonomy are negotiable and not bottom-line demands , rather than damning them before talks start .
The concern is not that the top executives expected their aggressive risk-taking to lead with certainty to their firms ' failure , but that the executives ' pay arrangements -- in particular , their ability to claim large amounts of compensation based on short-term results -- induced them to accept excessive levels of risk .
It is now widely accepted that it is important to reward bankers for long-term results .
At this point , the government asked AIG 's derivative counterparties to take a voluntary `` haircut '' -- that is , accept a discount on the amount owed to them .
Hence , he could not accept America 's awkward pro-democracy agenda .
But , by being allowed to acquire popular legitimacy and a high degree of acceptance within the political establishment as the driving force behind the ruling party 's preparations for the post-Mubarak era , Gamal is being positioned strategically to compete effectively for the presidency .
The question is this : are Muslims ready to accept that Khomeini 's dictum that `` Islam is politics or it is nothing '' is wrong , that Islam is a religion and not a form of government , and that , as in the Christian world , there is a sphere for Caesar and a sphere for God ?
Israel and the United States failed resoundingly in their attempt to dislodge Hamas from Gaza , or in forcing it to accept conditions for an end to the international boycott .
It accepted a truce , brokered by an Egyptian government fearful of Iran 's influence in neighboring Gaza , that not only gave Hamas political legitimacy and undermined the international community 's policy of not negotiating with this fundamentalist group , but that also allowed it to continue rearming .
Iran believes that it is the victim of an international double standard -- acceptance of Pakistan 's and India 's nuclear status , not to mention Israel 's -- which only fuels its sense of discrimination and its resolve to pursue its ambitions .
Most states nowadays lie within borders that are widely accepted as legitimate , and they increasingly abide by international norms of behavior in times of war .
He has accepted the logic of Israel 's special nuclear status and its position as a major recipient of American military aid .
India and Pakistan , unlike Israel , which has been committed to a strategy of nuclear opacity , both see themselves as nuclear states and want the world to accept that status . Moreover , Israel never tested a nuclear weapon , and has unequivocally accepted the Nuclear Suppliers Group -LRB- NSG -RRB- guidelines , which seek to stem proliferation through the control of nuclear exports .
Only an acceptable deal on the refugees can definitely close the 1948 file -- and only then can the conflict in Palestine end .
Israel 's fear that the failure of sanctions might bring the United States to accept coexistence with a nuclear-armed Iran in the way it did with the Soviet Union during the Cold War is not entirely unfounded .
And Palestinians would view any solution to the refugee problem that Israel might accept as a betrayal of the ethos of Palestinian nationalism , namely the Right of Return .
Obama 's endorsement of Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu 's claim that if Israel is recognized as a Jewish state and its security needs accepted , `` I will surprise , and the sky is the limit , '' has made the current process possible .
Abbas is too weak and compromised to accept any final settlement with which Netanyahu can live .
Arafat set the standard as to what is acceptable and what is not , and Abbas can not allow himself the luxury of deviating from it .
Frequently , governments need to be coaxed into accepting the inevitability of compromise , thanks to pressure from below .
Conspicuously , Bashir 's regime has been disqualified in the eyes of its neighbors in Africa and the Arab world to a degree that makes the South 's secession a more acceptable option to the main regional stakeholders than ever before .
After failing to moderate Bashir into accepting a secular decentralized or confederate Sudan , Egypt , a key Arab player concerned about the stability of its southern border , has come to accept the inevitability of secession -- so long as the new state lines up with it on the issue of the Nile 's waters .
It should have to accept , however , that no Arab democracy worthy of the name could refuse to open the electoral gates to political Islam .
Monarchies -- in Morocco , Saudi Arabia , Jordan , and most of the Gulf dynasties -- still appear to their subjects to be more acceptable than secular autocracies .
It means engagement whereby America should not seek `` to bully , intimidate , cajole , or persuade others to accept our unique values or to share our national objectives . ''
Egypt had to grant Israel only political recognition , but the Palestinians are being asked to recognize Israel 's moral legitimacy by accepting Jewish links to the Holy Land and hence admitting the Jews ' millenarian claim for a state in a land that the Palestinians believe is historically theirs .
This is likely to dishearten Israeli doves -- and embolden hawks in their insistence that no progress toward peace is possible without the Palestinians ' unequivocal acceptance of Israel as the Jewish national homeland .
The current flare-up is largely due to the fact that Fatah , encouraged by the international community 's boycott of Hamas , never really accepted its electoral defeat and Hamas 's right to govern .
This is the reason Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice was cautious in her reaction to the Saudis ' ambiguous acceptance of their invitation to attend the conference .
At the same time , the governments of Chad and the Central African Republic would never have accepted NATO 's intervention to help resolve the Darfur crisis .
Instead , people must be persuaded to accept such authority , giving rise to something like a religious market .
A denomination has the characteristics of a church , into which one is born , but individuals adhere to it voluntarily and it accepts other denominations ' right to exist .
From the standpoint of their compatibility with modern liberal democracy , acceptance of pluralism , more than adherence to particular beliefs and practices , may be what most clearly distinguishes religions .
The relation of divine and secular fuels passionate debate throughout the Islamic world and in Israel , but the Orthodox idea of sinfonia -- the harmonious unity between society , state , and church -- constitutes a distinctive challenge to the acceptance of liberal democracy .
And comparable Orthodox ideas about communal solidarity -LRB- Russian sobornost -RRB- make it difficult to accept capitalism , because competition and individual entrepreneurship are seen as a morally repulsive expression of ruthlessness and greed .
After the devastating impact of the crisis on their economies , countries hosting Western banking subsidiaries and branches can not be expected to accept the status quo .
The fact that Europe 's banks need massive amounts of new capital is by now generally accepted .
In view of Moscow 's insistence that it will never accept such a decision , this will not be easy .
The Kyoto Protocol on climate change has been declared unacceptable to the US .
International covenants , the Bush Administration conveyed , are maybe all right for lesser powers - but they are an unacceptable restriction on the freedom of action of the world 's only superpower .
For its military power , America depends on no one ; for its influence in the world , however , the US continues to depend on the acceptance of other , lesser countries .
Under that bargain , the bigger states accepted restraints on their power in order to increase the weight of the Union as a whole while the smaller ones realized that being part of the club gave them a chance they would not have otherwise , namely to participate in the shaping of common policies .
The alliance can claim important achievements over the past 15 years : it helped to stabilize Europe as it enlarged to 26 members , almost double the Cold War number ; it kept the Balkan conflict under control ; it even accepted a role in extra-European security contingencies such as Afghanistan .
Instead of making a halt to uranium enrichment the be-all and end-all of their effort , their central objective should be to subject the Iranian activities to as much verification as possible : if Iran wants to enrich , so be it , but it must accept intrusive international inspections .
Because of the financial crisis , many politicians have accepted the argument , in a virtual throwback to Adam Smith , that financial services are unproductive -- even counterproductive -- and need to be scaled back by governmental intervention . It is then inferred that this means that manufactures must be expanded .
Indeed , the West accepted the view that globalization would result -LRB- as with trade -RRB- in mutual gain , embracing what I called in 1997 the notion of `` benign neglect . ''
A massive increase in European Commission spending power to achieve greater pan-European social cohesion would be politically unacceptable to the richer members , who would have to pay for it .
But neither can we accept a situation in which vast resources are spent on national cohesion , while European cohesion lags so woefully behind .
If they came to be accepted as the guiding principles of European policy , Europe 's economy would become petrified , with stagnant growth making it impossible to afford even modest levels of social transfers .
Recognizing that the death of a child from a mosquito bite is unacceptable in the twenty-first century , ALMA leaders understand that the most effective way to ensure that recent gains are sustained is to assume leadership and ownership of the challenge .
Many investors who want out will not return for some time , and countries must accept this fact and adjust accordingly .
But national governments remain reluctant to delegate authority : in November 2004 , the European Council accepted qualified majority voting on measures concerning illegal migration , but left restrictions on legal migration subject to unanimity rules , as if legal and illegal migration were not merely two sides of the same coin .
Today 's UN , which entrusts the protection of fundamental human rights to countries that are themselves among the prime violators of these rights , is no longer acceptable .
To be honest , I am not sure that all of the world 's governments have accepted the inevitable , or that even the most inflexible will now agree to the moratorium .
Can Europe promote fair play in international affairs , or must it accept a new game of great power rivalry as inevitable and throw itself into the fray ?
Life in Europe will only remain worth living if all cultures and religions accept the laws that represent the common interest .
At the same time , native Europeans must learn to accept that Islam may offer new vantage points on such moral issues as euthanasia , abortion , individuality , and solidarity .
Contract model . Tissue can be removed only with donors ' prior consent . Thus , prior to giving their consent , tissue donors can negotiate acceptable compensation .
Encouragingly , all sides appear to accept the results .
Kurds will accept the arrangement because they believe that the new constitution guarantees their right to control most of the oil wealth that lies beneath their territory , and because they do n't want the blame should Baghdad descend into chaos .
Nigeria 's northern Muslims are highly unlikely to accept that result without protest .
When Congress takes up the debate over climate change , for example , and some lawmakers call for a cap-and-trade system , others will demand to know why America should accept binding commitments to limit emissions while the Chinese refuse .
The False Promise of `` Targeted '' Sanctions Despite his bellicose rhetoric , George W. Bush would very much like to avoid a choice between air strikes on Iranian nuclear sites and accepting a nuclear Iran .
The Bush administration has accepted that North Korea is a nuclear power and that outsiders can do little about it , so the United States has shifted its diplomatic stance from the hard-line Japanese approach to the more flexible and stability-oriented Chinese position .
But unless a sea change occurs in Iranian domestic politics , they will merely postpone the difficult -LRB- and increasingly likely -RRB- choice between military action and accepting a nuclear Iran .
After all , the three largest EU states -- Germany , Britain , and France -- can be expected to seek agreements among themselves about the Union 's future shape , so the Benelux countries ' common goal should be to influence their actions and ensure that their thinking is acceptable to the whole community .
In the Doha trade negotiations , industrialized nations accepted the need to liberalize their agricultural markets by reducing subsidies to domestic producers and tariff barriers on agricultural imports .
Tymoshenko is prepared to offer Yushchenko a compromise that Europe 's leaders should urge him to accept .
If accepted , it promises Ukraine , which aspires to EU membership and is currently negotiating a Free Trade Agreement with the Union , the stable , effective , and democratic government that it needs .
Negotiators in Cairo will thus have to discuss if such an indirect recognition of Israel 's right to exist will be acceptable .
Until the 1960 's , future neo-conservatives shared the Democratic Party 's vehement anti-communism , acceptance of the Civil Rights Movement , and support for President Franklin Roosevelt 's New Deal welfare-state policies .
As a result of this national consensus -- accepted by Labor , Likud , and Kadima , along with many others -- the next government will most likely be a national unity government consisting of this trio . Its policy guidelines are already clear :
But it requires us to put in place a new climate change agreement now -- one that all countries can accept .
India agreed to begin talking again with its neighbor , accepting Pakistan 's argument that it , too , was a victim of terrorism .
Out of the ashes of war a new kind of Europe arose , as did a new kind of Japan , which even had a pacifist constitution -LRB- written by idealistic Americans , but gratefully accepted by most Japanese -RRB- .
The children of immigrants , born in Europe , sense they are not fully accepted in the country where they grew up , but neither do they feel a special bond with their parent 's native country .
For these Westernized Turks , acceptance by the EU represents a lifeline against the currents of Islamic populism that Erdo?an represents .
If a large democracy , with a majority Muslim population , can join the EU , it will be easier to accept French , British , Dutch , or German Muslims as fellow Europeans , too .
Those who believe that common interests and liberal institutions should define the EU would gain by this acceptance .
Commentators in the US and elsewhere have accused the Dutch of `` unacceptable cowardice . ''
The distinction that I was drawing in my testimony , between law and morals , was not accepted .
If it were generally accepted , it would imply that the EU now holds official moral doctrines , and that allegiance to these doctrines is required in order to exercise the full right of citizens to serve in a public capacity .
If the moral test that I endured stands , it means that Europe has come full circle : agnostics are no longer willing to accept that being religious -- and having different moral views -- should not bar someone from holding an official post .
And even those who did know something about American power , doubted that the Americans would accept the dangers and expense of defending Europe against Communism after Nazi Germany was defeated .
Nobody could imagine that the invention of the atomic bomb would give the US such an extraordinary military advantage that defending Europe would become feasible and acceptable to the American public .
Most fundamentally , a finite model of medicine must accept human aging and death as part of the human life cycle , not some kind of preventable condition .
That outcome should be acceptable to everyone .
Europeans do not accept the Bush administration 's strategic vision , and the US is unable to pursue that vision without European support .
Guineans in fact had little choice but to accept Dadis Camara 's promise of elections and a return to civilian rule -- at least until the murder of 157 opposition protesters by members of the Guinean military at Conakry stadium in October 2009 seemed to dash all hope for such an outcome .
Slowly , many parents began to accept the fact that their children would be worse off .
But Israel has officially rejected its basic premises with patently unacceptable caveats and prerequisites .
Supervised by a blue-ribbon commission of college presidents and distinguished jurists , they have all been honest , fair , and peaceful , with the results accepted by winners and losers .
This will never be acceptable either to Palestinians or to the international community , and will inevitably precipitate increased tension and violence within Palestine and stronger resentment and animosity from the Arab world against America , which will be held accountable for the plight of the Palestinians .
Israel 's right to exist -- and to live in peace -- must be recognized and accepted by Palestinians and all other neighbors ;
Israel and the US refused to accept the right of Palestinians to form a unity government with Hamas and Fatah and now , after internal strife , Hamas alone controls Gaza . Forty-one of the 43 victorious Hamas candidates who lived in the West Bank are now imprisoned by Israel , plus an additional ten who assumed positions in the short-lived coalition cabinet .
Hamas has agreed to accept any negotiated peace settlement between Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , provided it is approved in a referendum among the Palestinian people .
Poland 's Catholic bishops , however , accepted the assignment given to them by the Pope and have repeatedly stressed that one of the Church 's goals in a united Europe is to foster a revival of Christianity .
If the Salvadoran left 's close electoral victory is peacefully accepted -- as it has been so far -- it means that Latin America has truly come a long way .
While accepting the project 's impeccable legal credentials , its opponents nevertheless demand that it be relocated on the grounds that even fully lawful conduct may be offensive to a group of citizens .
Moreover , independence would not be accepted by the Serbian public , which has already watched in dismay as `` Great Serbia '' has been gradually whittled away , most recently with the secession of Montenegro .
As in other Latin or Mediterranean countries with a strong Catholic tradition , Italian society long ago learned to accept serenely a life of duplicity : on the one hand , a strong attachment to church and family values , and on the other a second life -- often lived in plain sight -- composed of mistresses and other `` dubious '' connections .
Italian society 's tacit acceptance of such behavior has become more openly acknowledged in recent years , thanks perhaps to Berlusconi and his vast media holdings .
The IFE shepherded Mexico through several crisis in 2006 , when the PRD 's presidential candidate , Andrés Manuel López Obrador , refused to accept his razor-thin margin of defeat and took his battle to the streets .
But the Vietnamese or Chinese roads are unacceptable in Latin America , which has made huge progress in transforming advances in democracy and respect for human rights into a regional legal order that goes beyond national sovereignty or the sacrosanct principle of non-intervention .
What would be unacceptable are the two extremes : making an immediate transition to democratic rule a precondition for normalization of relations with the US and re-entering the Latin American community , or exempting Cuba from the obligation to adhere to democratic principles and practices on the grounds that it is somehow different .
Only then we will know if the trade-off at least made sense , even if for many it was unacceptable : authentic social justice and progress in exchange for authoritarian rule , international ostracism , and a cultural desert .
Cuba needs to return to the regional concert of powers , but it must accept this concert 's rules .
Then , in May of this year , Lula teamed up with Turkey in proposing a deal with Iran on its nuclear program , which the latter nominally accepted but the rest of the world did not .
Whereas Brazil and Turkey claimed that the arrangement had been accepted by the US and Europe , the US called for -- and got , with the support of Europe -- new and stronger United Nations sanctions , which only Brazil and Turkey opposed .
A coup was a coup , could not be accepted , and , however provocative Zelaya had been , the only possible US position was his unconditional return to power .
The authors got it right : French President Nicolas Sarkozy was pulling out all the stops to close the deal , including support for Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva on issues of interest to him , and acceptance of technological , legal , and military conditions imposed by Brazil on French firms , mainly the armaments manufacturer Dassault .
The right accepted its defeat , and the left has governed reasonably -LRB- maintaining the dollar as the national currency -RRB- .
Indeed , little would change on the ground even with full Palestinian statehood if Israel and the US do not accept it -- and Mexico and Chile could lose much in distancing themselves from an ally on a question of great importance to it .
Europe 's choice is equally clear : to accept absolution for this past from the president of Iran , or to determine whether the standard of truth that he applies to history is the same as he applies to nuclear weapons .
After all , genuine leadership can not come from raw power , but only from other states ' consent or tacit acceptance .
Which states will accept China as Asia 's leader ? Six decades of ruthless repression has failed to win China acceptance even in Tibet and Xinjiang , as the Tibetan and Uighur revolts of 2008 and 2009 attested .
Through its overt refusal to accept Asia 's territorial status quo , China only highlights the futility of political negotiations .
But Barack Obama 's administration apparently has concluded that Arab monarchs are likely to survive , whereas Arab presidents are more likely to fall , and that it is acceptable for the United States to continue to coddle tyrannical kings .
No one has a greater interest in broad acceptance of this noxious idea -- that promotion of human freedom is nothing more than a geopolitical tool -- than the world 's largest , oldest , and most powerful autocracy , China .
China 's Cyber-Warriors NEW DELHI -- The world now accepts that protecting our atmosphere , hydrosphere , lithosphere , and biosphere -- the `` global commons '' -- is the responsibility of all countries .
Although opinion polls indicate that a majority still supports the status quo , many are beginning to believe that if the country 's official name , the Republic of China , is not acceptable to the international community , then another name might be .
So Pakistanis have grimly accepted military rule as their destiny .
Aside from these obvious benefits , education is also a widely accepted humanitarian obligation and an internationally mandated human right .
But women who are more dependent upon a husband often accept a double standard that stresses female purity and male gallantry .
Some argue that insisting on amoral diplomatic language is no longer necessary , because human rights are more or less universally accepted , if not always observed .
Globalisation has brought increasing acceptance of common rules and legal norms , but this is not the same thing as universal acceptance of human rights .
The key is to accept bad news : losses must be recognized before efficient realignment can occur .
This will require appropriate human behavior at all levels , and may well involve internationally accepted , large-scale geo-engineering projects to `` optimize '' climate .
We face a challenge that is unprecedented in human history : creation of a powerful political ethic of solidarity self-consciously grounded on the presence and acceptance of very different views .
Rather than accept its losses , the EPRDF-run government responded with a brutal crackdown , claiming outright victory and accusing the opposition of trying to stage an insurrection .
Similarly , when Chancellor Brandt launched his Ostpolitik two decades later , he was widely accused of selling out to the Communists and jeopardizing West Germany 's European and Atlantic destiny , which by this point had become generally accepted .
Initially heterodox and apparently unacceptable views became the new orthodoxy accepted by most of their citizens .
But turnout apart , we have become accustomed to accepting that parties or candidates who receive 25 % of the popular vote are `` winners . ''
Ideological party platforms have lost their force ; voters do not accept the specific bundles offered by parties but want to pick and choose .
The consumer-voter , however , will not accept this and therefore turns away .
Turkey wants desperately to be accepted into the EU , whose `` Copenhagen criteria , '' approved in 1993 , define what may be called the constitutional prerequisites of membership .
The rule of law is the acceptance that laws given not by some supreme authority , but by the citizenry , govern all - those in power , those in opposition , and those outside the power game .
This is the main political project in most free societies , and it is in principle acceptable to all major parties .
We must accept that there are limits to tolerance .
Opting out of the values and customs of free societies is problematic , but it is ultimately acceptable .
Indefinite detention without trial is as unacceptable as defining people as `` illegal combatants , '' to whom no rules of any kind apply .
This is particularly so if one accepts - as I do - intervention in the internal affairs of countries in order to prevent genocide or the murderous suppression of minorities and opposition groups .
If something unacceptable happens without a minister 's direct involvement , he or she can get away with it , or so it seems , by pointing a finger at the bureaucrats or contractors who are responsible for implementing an approved policy .
It was that of the `` melting pot '' : different peoples made their own contribution to American culture , but , above all , they made every effort to accept what they found and integrate .
Viable units will emerge that are less than ideal but at least capable of creating legitimate government - meaning a government that is both effective and acceptable .
One must doubt whether it contributed anything to making democracy more acceptable after WWII .
Americans may not want their soldiers and military hardware in dozens , if not hundreds , of places around the world , but they accept a president who offers simple -- often martial -- certainties .
The point about George W. Bush 's first term was that despite grumblings and continued vocal opposition , the result of the election of 2000 was generally accepted .
We also assume an automatic acceptance of rules that in fact took a long time to become embedded even in the US .
Such improvement requires above all self-help , the actions of individuals who will not accept the misery of the zero hour for long .
The fiscal position is , by German standards , unacceptable , and public debt at current levels is contrary to the European Union 's Stability and Growth Pact and a burden on future generations .
It needs to accept that globalization is above all an opportunity , one that must be grasped by confident , innovative , and entrepreneurial people .
But the task of finding , appointing , and accepting independent judges remains .
Direct incitement to violence is regarded -- as it should be - -- as an unacceptable abuse of free speech ; but much that is disagreeable about the David Irving 's and the hate preachers does not fall into this category .
Indeed , there is a legitimate question whether the behavior of today 's capitalists promotes the general acceptance of capitalism .
Nevertheless , while a free society recognizes limits to inequality , it also accepts that inequality exists , for it provides hope for many by showing what one might achieve with ability and luck -- or perhaps even luck alone .
Social exclusion and personalized power through wealth are always unacceptable .
There must be certain accepted rules of the political game that are binding on all , so that whoever does not accept or obey them is disqualified .
Who could say to Hamas that unless they accept certain rules , their election is not valid ?
It is not a development which defenders of the constitution of liberty can accept .
As long as they accept elections and election results , they may be gone almost as quickly as they arrived .
Outside Europe , the `` anything goes '' attitude was never fully accepted .
Violent responses to unwelcome views are never justified and can not be accepted .
A multicultural society that accepts every taboo of its diverse groups would have little to talk about .
A moral relativism has spread , leading many to accept the taboos of all religious groups in the name of tolerance and multiculturalism .
In the accepted classification of sciences , mathematics is thought to be the queen , and the most difficult to grasp , followed by physics , chemistry , and , finally , biology .
Now , Turkey has in principle been accepted as a potential candidate for EU membership .
So Blair decided that New Labor would not just accept , but embrace the principle of market forces .
The dilemma in Britain is the same as that of any West European country : the move by left-of-center parties to the middle ground , and their acceptance of market forces , means that right-of-center parties have lost their traditional claim to govern on the grounds of economic moderation and good sense .
In 1950 , when the EU was born , the political dilemma was comparatively simple . So was its solution : the large member states -- France , Germany , and Italy -- accepted some common decision-making , because they believed they were still independent nation states .
The three small Benelux member states -- Netherlands , Belgium , and Luxemburg -- accepted common decision-making , because they believed that this would maximize their national interests .
Bankers accept that , in the long run , the theorem might hold , but argue that it will take time , especially given recent events , to persuade investors that banks are genuinely safer , and that their shares should be thought of as closer to utility stocks , yielding a lower return .
Indeed , just recently he defended that policy , whereas many other central bankers have tacitly or explicitly accepted that they need a new approach to credit and asset prices .
It was accepted that maintaining exchange controls required a high level of foreign reserves .
There must also be a strong political commitment to intervention , and an explicit willingness to accept the consequences for domestic monetary conditions , which may involve an inflation rate that is higher or lower than desired , perhaps for some time .
They progressively lose their predictive value as we all accept and begin to bet on them .
This often means accepting that optimal and best-practice economic policies are not attainable -- or , indeed , even desirable .
After lording it over the world for so long , Americans should accept today 's rebukes with grace .
The political struggles that this generates will determine whether America will move more closely to the social democratic norm for developed countries , or find some way to accept and rationalize its existence as a country of high economic risk and deep divisions of income and wealth .
To what extent do we accept a world where the non-rich die in situations in which the rich would live ?
But if the Fed refuses to accommodate inflation produced by a dollar collapse and accepts a depression in the belief that the long-run benefits of maintaining its credibility as a guarantor of price stability will come before we are all dead , American equities will suffer .
Voters and politicians today , it seems , fear inflation and are willing to accept occasional economic recessions and unemployment above its natural rate as unfortunate but inevitable consequences of the necessary and beneficial pursuit of long-term price stability .
Today , it is an accepted fact that the kindest thing you can say about the Bush administration is that it is completely incompetent , which is the line now taken by hard-line Bush supporters like the National Review and the commentator Robert Novak .
In Marx 's Shadow Again A century and a half ago , Karl Marx both gloomily and exuberantly predicted that the modern capitalism he saw evolving would prove incapable of producing an acceptable distribution of income .
The Democrats ' Line in the Sand BERKELEY -- Ever since the 1928 work of Frank Ramsey , economists have accepted the utilitarian argument that a good economy is one in which returns on investment are not too great a multiple -- less than three -- of the rate of per capita economic growth .
BERKELEY -- For more than 170 years , it has been accepted doctrine that markets are not to be trusted when there is a liquidity squeeze .
For more than half that time -- say , 85 years -- it has been accepted doctrine that markets are also not to be trusted even in normal times , lest doing so lead to a liquidity squeeze or to an inflationary bubble .
? Ensure that homeowners and small investors do not absorb too much loss , for their only `` crime '' was to accept bad risks , which they would not have done in a world of properly diversified portfolios .
Nor is it any longer accepted that such actions will be sufficient .
Other days , however , I think that , even with the extra information we have learned about the structure of the economy , Greenspan 's decisions in 2001-2004 were prudent and committed us to a favorable and acceptable bet .
This response is understandably controversial , because it rewards those who bet on risky assets , many of whom accepted risk with open eyes and bear some responsibility for causing the crisis . But an effective rescue can not be done any other way .
Financial rescue operations that benefit even the unworthy can be accepted if they are seen as benefiting all -- even if the unworthy gain more than their share of the benefits .
What can not be accepted are financial rescue operations that benefit the unworthy and cause losses to other important groups -- like taxpayers and wage earners .
This brings us to the present moment , with US unemployment unacceptably high and refusing to fall .
It needs to build substantially on its leadership on climate change by adopting much tougher EU goals , and then use its international economic and trade clout to champion new global emissions standards that scientific opinion can accept as meaningful .
As Americans debate their readiness to accept a woman such as Hillary Clinton as president , India has already done so , with the election of Pratibha Patil .
Representatives may demand interpretation into their home language , but a proposal to limit each country 's translation budget is likely to be accepted soon .
President Rajapaksa 's predecessors spent years engaged in fruitless talks and ceasefires , during which the guerrillas remained committed to their aim of dividing the country , and making demands for political and socio-economic changes that no democracy could accept , even as they carried on killing and kidnapping .
There can be no democratic transition if Islamic currents that reject violence and accept democracy 's ground rules are not integrated into the public arena .
What limits on the use of US military power are acceptable or necessary ?
America will have to accept a world that is regulated not by the US unilaterally , but by global institutions and permanent alliances .
Kerry and a growing number of Americans recognize that accepting limits on US power and the use of military force are a precondition for America 's ultimate security , that what binds can also strengthen , and that such limits will reinforce America 's ability to tackle the crisis in Iraq .
Myriad Genetics , the sole test provider in the US -- it holds a patent on the genes themselves , not just on the diagnostic test -- did not accept her insurance , and Ceriani could not afford to pay for the test .
But elections are a democratic instrument only if all parties accept their results .
Whether or not Perisic provided confidential military information to the American remains to be seen , but the fact that Serbia 's Prime Minister Zoran Djindjic demanded Perisic 's resignation suggests that , at the least , Perisic overstepped the acceptable limits of contacts with foreign diplomats .
President Kostunica also accepts the need to cooperate with the Hague but is more concerned to protect the country 's sovereignty and preserve a semblance of national dignity .
Labus favors faster economic reform and is readier to accept Western demands to cooperate with the Hague Tribunal .
Immediate debt restructuring on a grand scale , biting the bullet and accepting a few painful years of retrenchment .
To function and remain socially acceptable , however , capitalism must be as clean as possible .
For the only way capitalism can be made acceptable , and hence deliver growth and prosperity around the world , is to practice this rite of exorcism in public .
The problem , as in 1991 , is the absence of a suitable government to fill the vacuum , one acceptable to the region and to the US .
But there is a way to replace the traditional paradigm with an internationally accepted model that has a proven record of success , particularly in health care .
When the MDGs were adopted in 2000 , the sense of urgency was powered by the moral conviction that extreme poverty had become an unacceptable anachronism in our globally connected world .
By opposing a resolution that was unacceptable , Mexico helped craft one that was acceptable .
More broadly , the US must accept that times have changed and that Mexico can not be simply classified as either an historic antagonist that has to be bought off or an unconditional ally that can be taken for granted .
For this reason , I do not agree with those who argue that Germany 's support for European monetary integration was the price it paid for Europe 's acceptance of German reunification .
ISPs would throttle traffic from ISPs that did not join the security collective , and pretty soon their customers would complain , forcing them either to join or find themselves relegated to the underworld , from which it would be hard to launch attacks because no one would accept their traffic .
After all , we accept the costs of police forces and health care , including not just hospitals , but also clean water , safe food , etc. .
This would generalize and extend its Flexible Credit Line -LRB- FCL -RRB- , under which countries with impeccable credentials are prequalified for automatic access to IMF credit without having to accept onerous conditions .
It then accepted Greece into its monetary union with full knowledge that its fiscal accounts were not worth the paper they were written on .
The dollar originally acquired international currency status in the 1920 's , when the newly established Federal Reserve started buying and selling dollar acceptances , backstopping the market and enhancing its liquidity .
The home country must put a cap on leverage , limit acceptable liquidity and funding practices , and have a resolution regime for winding up complex financial institutions .
The Irish people must be brought to understand that if they can not accept the Nice Treaty , nor can they block it .
Europe must accept the Central and Eastern European candidate countries into the Union , and must do so now .
The first was that Russia has reestablished a `` sphere of interest '' in Europe , where countries are no longer allowed to pursue their own goals without Moscow accepting them .
I find it difficult to accept those who tend to describe the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact as only a measure to build up Soviet national security .
Such denial is in no one 's interest . Not in the kind of Europe we still have to build -- a Europe where big and small countries are assured that they share the same rights and obligations , where minorities feel safe , where basic human rights are accepted as an inextricable part of our political system , and where neighbors are regarded with respect and expectations , not fear and anxiety .
A United Nations plan for unification was accepted by the Turkish part . But the Greek Cypriots voted against the plan because their leaders did not live up to the implicit deal with the EU to support it .
Too few governments or politicians ever accept this debt to honor .
It is totally unacceptable that people like Ratko Mladic remain at large .
I remember when this phrase was last used : in 1991 , when the chairman of the European Council of Ministers visited what was still Yugoslavia and eagerly accepted the empty promises of Slobodan Milosevic and his clique that they were ready to accept European pleas for a peaceful resolution to the conflicts there .
How can you possibly expect a country such as , say , France to accept being voted down by its EU partners on vital foreign and security policy issues ?
If the fact that we are the only human species left on earth is the result of an historical accident rather than Darwinian competition , we can open our minds and accept that we share some of our `` culture '' with both our living and no longer living relatives .
For all his deep emotional attachment to the idea of Israel embracing all of historical Judea and Samaria , Rabin knew that the only way to ensure a democratic Jewish state with viable , secure borders was to accept a Palestinian state alongside it , equally secure and viable .
They would share Jerusalem as a capital , and find a mutually acceptable solution to the enormously sensitive issue of the return of Palestinian refugees .
They want full UN membership , but -- facing inevitable veto of that option by the United States in the Security Council -- are willing to accept as a fallback a majority vote by the General Assembly recognizing Palestine as a non-member `` observer state , '' the status now enjoyed by the Vatican .
Even if right , it is difficult to see why Israel and its friends should accept that as a make-or-break argument .
The more positive argument -- as Rabin would certainly have understood -- is that it is overwhelmingly in Israel 's own interest to defuse this issue by accepting , once and for all , that Palestinian statehood is an indispensable requirement of its own long-term peace and security .
Many will be similarly slow to accept that when it comes to the most conscience-shocking classes of violence -- genocide , ethnic cleansing , and other mass atrocities -- dramatic progress has been made recently .
While a negotiated settlement acceptable to both Iran and the rest of the international community would be a hugely difficult undertaking , it is achievable .
For a long time , however , there has been doubt in Australia about how much real across-the-board commitment there was to the underlying message that racial vilification anywhere , anytime , by anyone , in any context , is simply unacceptable .
The euro would , however , have to be accepted as legal tender in the UK , alongside the pound , and in the commonwealth countries , and this would demand close cooperation between the Bank of England and the ECB .
The Saturn model puts the present fierce debate on enlargement and the borders of Europe into a totally different context , because the core countries would no longer find themselves being asked to accept a Europe divided into different classes of member states .
Little wonder , then that these countries accept the imperative of a dynamic , open , growth-oriented , and job-creating global environment .
Hezbollah , which claims it is fighting for Lebanese independence and sovereignty , also bears responsibility for unacceptable aggression , placing the lives of innocent Israelis and Lebanese at stake .
For their part , radicalized groups must renounce violence and accept international principles and laws .
As a result , both the public and private sectors must accept the need for additional investments , as well as the potential costs of early capital retirement , in order to accelerate this process and deliver deep cuts in emissions .
Precautionary Absurdity PRINCETON -- Many people who advocate draconian measures to counteract climate change base their argument on the so-called `` precautionary principle , '' which holds that when a possible future disaster would be unacceptably severe , action to prevent it is imperative .
It appears to be a statement of the obvious : unacceptable disasters require extraordinary counter-measures .
All these disasters -- and many others still to be imagined -- are possible , and many of them are unacceptable .
It sometimes happens that a drastic action designed to prevent an unacceptable disaster may make the disaster worse .
GM crops that resist certain pests and tolerate herbicides have gained rapid acceptance in many countries .
GM techniques are widely accepted in medicine and food technology .
Will we have the wisdom to accept the growing evidence of safety and welcome these necessary survival tools ?
They were revolutionaries in their thinking and in their ability to inspire others to accept fundamental change .
Today an inflation rate of close to zero is the accepted goal of US policy .
Because Greece has not had its own currency for more than a decade , there has been no market signal to warn Greece that its debt was growing unacceptably large .
In exchange for this liquidity support , Greece will be forced to accept painful fiscal tightening and falling GDP .
In the end , Greece , the eurozone 's other members , and Greece 's creditors will have to accept that the country is insolvent and can not service its existing debt .
At that point , both Republicans and Democrats will be able to accept reforms that they must reject now .
The threatening country would then have to choose whether to accepting a humiliating defeat and stay , or stand on `` principle '' and leave .
Countercyclical spending and tax policy are widely acceptable to experts and taxpayers alike , but deficit spending on wars is known to be a paltry way to stimulate the economy .
Of course , a return to the Europe of the 1930s is not in the offing . The new right accepts capitalism and modernity , and it mostly avoids anti-Semitism .
The result is , the second phase of the deployment has still not taken place even though it was accepted by Khartoum six months ago .
They are not about to accept their `` disempowerment '' without a struggle .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice wants the conference to happen and has done much to push it ahead . But how much risk is Bush -- without whom a real breakthrough will be impossible -- prepared to accept ?
However , it took nearly two centuries of wars , political and social disasters , and decolonization before this idea became globally accepted , at least in theory .
A Shi'a government in Baghdad , dominated by Iran , would , in the medium term , threaten Saudi Arabia 's territorial integrity -- a scenario that the Saudis can not , and will not , accept .
Another important question is whether political Islam will move toward democracy and acceptance of modernity or remain trapped in radicalism and invocation of the past ?
The danger of a major confrontation has been heightened further by a series of factors : persistent high oil prices , which have created new financial and political opportunities for Iran ; the defeat of the West and its regional allies in proxy wars in Gaza and Lebanon ; and the United Nations Security Council 's failure to induce Iran to accept even a temporary freeze of its nuclear program .
Although it is acknowledged in Jerusalem that an attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities would involve grave and hard-to-assess risks , the choice between acceptance of an Iranian bomb and an attempt at its military destruction , with all the attendant consequences , is clear .
The same is true for the democratization of the EU and thus for its greater proximity to , and acceptance by , ordinary citizens .
Moreover , while there is no willingness to accept Israeli hegemony , the tone vis-à-vis Israel is beginning to change .
But Europe must never accept a renewal of Russian great power politics , which operates according to the idea that might makes right .
For too long , the West has ignored Russia 's recovery of strength and was not prepared to accept the consequences .
But Putin is making a big mistake here , because all these aims are unacceptable for the West , and the Kremlin still does n't seem to understand that the best and most effective guarantee of NATO 's existence was , is , and will continue to be an aggressive Russian foreign policy .
The possible trade-off could be that the existing principles and institutions of the post-Soviet European order , including NATO , remain unchanged and are accepted and implemented by Russia , which would get a significantly enhanced role within NATO , including the perspective of full membership .
Also noteworthy in that election is that the losing side immediately accepted defeat and that Syria is now obviously serious about building a new rapport with Lebanon .
The idea that Germany would show financial solidarity with weakened eurozone members only if they accept draconian stabilization measures is similarly unrealistic .
Turkish Northern Cyprus accepted UN Secretary General Kofi Annan 's plan -LRB- massively supported by the EU -RRB- to resolve the long-standing conflict .
This , however , conflicts with the goals of America 's `` war on terror . '' Besides , neither India nor Iran will simply accept such a compromise .
It is hard to believe that Netanyahu , of all Israeli prime ministers , would be the one to accept idly Iran 's entry into the nuclear club .
The political risk for both of them will be anything but small , but the alternative -- the failure of the euro -- is unacceptable for both countries .
BERLIN -- Finally , German Chancellor Angela Merkel has accepted a new form of European Union .
This is partly why Israel prefers the United States as sole mediator , and it is also why Israel 's acceptance of a monopoly role for the US evaporates as soon as any American president starts developing views different from its own .
Who am I , indeed , and why should I accept people reducing me and the richness of my identity to only one of its dimensions ?
Nowadays , we are often told that there are only two ways for people to integrate into a society : the `` British '' model of cultural pluralism , and the `` French '' model , based on acceptance of Republican values and , above all , the concept of equality .
Genuine equality in the public sphere -- which differs according to the values and history of each country -- implies a minimal level of acceptance of a country 's history and values .
Sen says that what is being accepted here should be thought of as national identity .
Indeed , whereas the ECB seemed to have implicitly accepted an objective of economic growth , it maintained its hard line against inflation on October 4 .
It would not be acceptable to argue that to bomb a city on the mainland was necessary in order to compel the Argentine population to put pressure on the military junta to withdraw from the islands .
More than most people realize , the Gospels treat recalcitrant Jews -- those who refused to accept Jesus as their Messiah -- as perpetrators of a crime that lives on in every generation .
Anti-Semites often cite a passage in Matthew in which a Jewish crowd cheers for Christ 's execution and voluntarily accepts permanent guilt : `` His blood be on us and on our children . ''
No American would be happy about branding the Boston Tea Party an act of terrorist aggression against British property . Nor would any Frenchman accept a description of the maquisards of the French Resistance as terrorists .
So if the settlers have a right to self-defense , is the fence an acceptable means of realizing that right ?
This was the widely accepted approach toward German liability for the Holocaust , and there are many who urge the same approach toward America 's responsibility for slavery .
But this unusual procedure , permitted in the military commissions , runs afoul of accepted canons of federal , Constitutional , and international law .
The international community will not accept this form of massive preventive detention , with continuing allegations of abuse and torture .
For example , if Iran 's nuclear activities were to be surrounded with enough voluntarily accepted checks and controls , we could be confident of detecting at an early stage any diversion toward military purposes .
South Korea is in a good position to lead as the first post-Kyoto country to accept emission targets .
Although many observers accept a degree of subjectivity in the literature and peace prizes , the science prizes have long been assumed to be an objective measure of excellence .
So the emphasis on restoring Chinese commercial interests is accepted reluctantly if not completely understood .
But the more people who do n't accept the fascist alternative are mobilized politically , the smaller the threat will be .
It is unacceptable that patients participating voluntarily in clinical trials , and their representatives , have no right to see data that would not exist without them .
So why should Kosovo 's declaration be accepted ?
The new government would be strongly committed to ending this unacceptable state of affairs .
Medieval Christianity was by nature European , although it avoided the word itself and accepted all national forms of cultural expression .
Although a compromise solution was provisionally accepted , its message is weak and obscure .
Nowadays , a more telling test of the vitality of a democracy is respect for the rights of minorities , recognition of the supremacy of the principles of the rule of law , and the acceptance of legal equality among citizens .
But they will first have to make a conscious decision to accept Jordan as their home .
To be sure , the causal connection remains uncertain : after all , there is also a positive relationship -- widely accepted in development economics -- between manufacturing growth and overall growth . But what has been overlooked is that the effect of services growth on aggregate economic growth appears to be as strong , if not stronger , than the effect of manufacturing growth on overall growth .
We need to accept human mortality and , as a matter of both practice and policy , concentrate on improving older people 's quality of life .
Each age , culture , and tradition defines what is an unacceptable body weight -- unhealthy , ugly , or corrupt .
The classical economists such as John Stuart Mill saw this as both economically illogical and ethically unacceptable .
Thus , when Russia banned imports of Belarusian dairy products -LRB- in an attempt to punish Lukashenko for accepting a $ 2,000,000,000 credit but not fulfilling his promise to recognize South Ossetia and Abkhazia -RRB- , Lukashenko refused to attend a CSTO summit or join its collective agreement for the establishment of an operational response force .
Conversely , Israel is also fighting two wars : a just war to defend its right to exist , accepted in its integrity and security in the Middle East , and an unjust and futile war to perpetuate its occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip and the Jewish settlements located there .
But it is unlikely that the Palestinians would accept such a solution .
These formats are taken for granted , just as we accept telephone keypads and car dashboards , which are also user interfaces .
That means accepting and dealing with globalization .
Much opinion poll evidence shows that the presidency is the only institution that Russians accept as legitimate -LRB- in contrast to the legislature and judiciary , which are perceived as corrupt and ineffective -RRB- .
In the end , the Irish accepted me because that was my mother 's nationality .
The US government is thus essentially being paid in real terms to take investors ' money -- a generous offer that it is accepting on a huge scale , in the hope that channeling these resources to American consumers will boost household spending and thus generate more jobs .
The debt crisis will end only when they have shown that they have understood this and accepted the inevitable sacrifices .
As long as the Greek people have to be asked to accept one austerity package after another , they might wonder when they will have a direct say on this matter .
After all , a clear message by the European Council would have a much stronger effect if it expressed not only the wishes of heads of governments , but also broad acceptance at all levels of society .
If the Arabs believe their own argument that Zionism is colonialism , with themselves as the victims , then , whether or not anybody else accepts this view , the lessons that the Arabs glean from colonial experiences become relevant to prospects for peace between Arabs and Israelis .
Having secured an independent Irish state , Catholics in the Republic of Ireland came to accept the existence of a settler enclave in Northern Ireland .
In that seemingly long-gone era , common initiatives for Europe were the rule , and a Franco-German proposal usually constituted an acceptable compromise for Europe as a whole .
The medical community has come to accept the need for systematic reviews to guide decisions regarding drugs and surgical therapies , but their use in health policy is only now taking hold .
What countries must do to join the World Trade Organization is precisely what they must do to become productive and democratic : accept the rule of law , reduce corruption , and become open , accountable , and transparent .
Governments agree to accept the rulings of the World Trade Organization because on balance they benefit from an international trading order even if a particular decision requires that they alter a practice that is their sovereign right to carry out .
What is needed now is a successor arrangement in which a larger number of governments , including the United States , China , and India , accept emissions limits or adopt common standards because they recognize that they would be worse off if no country did .
The aim must be to create an environment in which terrorism is seen as neither acceptable nor necessary .
It is an open question whether the most that Olmert would likely be able and willing to offer would meet the least that Abbas would be able to accept .
One result of this likely evolution in US policy is that pressure will shift to other countries , particularly China and India , to accept some limits on their own economic behavior .
Both candidates have stressed that an Iran with nuclear weapons would be unacceptable .
There is no guarantee that Iran would accept such an offer .
What would also help would be to make clear that Iran would face additional sanctions , including constraints on its ability to import refined petroleum , if it refused to accept a fair and reasonable compromise .
In addition , the odds Iran would accept such an offer might increase if the details were made public .
The United States , for one , will not accept ceilings that reduce its greenhouse-gas emissions significantly if it means accepting higher costs and taxes that risk slowing economic recovery .
In the case of Iran , the first Iraq war teaches us that economic sanctions will likely not be enough to persuade the Revolutionary Guards -LRB- who increasingly dominate the country -RRB- to accept verifiable limits on their nuclear program .
But not acting , in effect accepting Iran 's nuclear might , risks bringing about a more dangerous and possibly costlier future .
The Muslim Brotherhood should be allowed to participate in the political process so long as it accepts the legitimacy of that process , the rule of law , and the constitution .
But what may be most important , particularly in the Arab and Islamic communities , is to end any acceptance of terrorism .
It could have helped to contain the current crisis if it had accepted invitations to invest in Lehman Brothers , but , given its previous losses on Wall Street , it declined .
Turkey would then have to conduct dual negotiations -- over Cyprus and over its own EU accession . This would risk overlaps and trade-offs between the two , or a cumulative burden of compromises that might become too great for Turks to accept , potentially wrecking both negotiations at one stroke .
This time around , only genuine negotiations by both parties ? and a mutually accepted settlement ? are likely to stand the test of time .
Ever since UN peacekeepers were deployed in 1964 , the UN has been the only party acceptable to all sides as a `` midwife of compromise . ''
If the government of Pakistan and its friends do not accept that this human suffering was preventable , a chain of similar disasters will take place as army action heats up in Waziristan and other parts of the country .
Is the world really willing to accept such an absurdity ?
In effect , by not accepting Saudi largesse the militant will be keeping food off his own family 's table -- a powerful restraint in a culture and religion in which parents are highly regarded and respected .
Nonetheless , today 's Saudi princes appear to recognize that something has genuinely changed in the Middle East : The younger generation of Arabs is no longer prepared to accept unaccountable , corrupt , and brutal governments .
King Abdullah has called the killings unacceptable , and has withdrawn his ambassador from Damascus .
Will China accept a unified peninsula under a US ally ?
The notion that a dictator can claim the sovereign right to abuse his people has become unacceptable .
Thus , his announcement that he will leave Downing Street next year is no more than a reluctant acceptance of what has been reality for some time .
Such developments suggest an advanced and deeply disturbing trend , whereby certain segments of the European intelligentsia are willing to violate their own beliefs in order to target one state for unique stigmatization ; and whereby insidious and sometimes illegal forms of discrimination against that state 's citizens are increasingly seen as acceptable .
We had anticipated this moment and agreed in advance that , while we would never ask to meet with Karadzic and Mladic , if Milosevic offered such a meeting , we would accept -- but only once , and only under strict guidelines that would require Milosevic to be responsible for their behavior .
Dr. Khan 's televised confession and acceptance of sole responsibility for proliferation activities has done nothing to reduced suspicion that there is more here than meets the eye , and of the Pakistani military 's complicity in proliferation .
More recently , they have largely accepted the fact of anthropogenic -LRB- man-made -RRB- climate change but argue that its impacts will not be great , that we can `` wait and see , '' and that in any case we can always fix the problem if it turns out to be substantial .
The IEA also points out that the targets can be achieved without unacceptable economic damage .
They cast any criticism of Saddam as a willingness to accept American aggression .
Of course there are basic requirements that all member states must accept .
If this constitution were accepted in anything like the proposed form , the EU would gain many attributes and trappings of statehood : its own president and foreign minister , its own legal system .
The democratic process has lost its aura and its thrust , not least because democratization seems to lead to the rise of political movements the West finds unacceptable .
The United States is a bad example : only 692 refugees have been accepted since the invasion -- roughly the number of Iraqis who are killed every week .
The US has applied tremendous diplomatic pressure on Iraq 's Arab neighbors to get them to accept another Maliki term .
He said , `` If you want to be accepted as equals by Gadje -LRB- non-Roma -RRB- , you must be better educated than they are .
If the rest accepted this bottom-up calculation , society would miss out on the 0.5 % boost to annual growth that this radical innovation ultimately brought about .
If the large states are to obtain similar gains , and their politicians are to recover voters ' respect , their governments will have to accept the small-state logic and abandon the Great Power posturing of the past .
We need to celebrate , advertise , and propagandize new innovations only when their success is questionable , before they have become widely accepted .
The implication of Marx 's renewed popularity is that capitalism is now universally accepted as being fundamentally broken , with the financial system at the heart of the problem .
In fact , developments or fashions in other academic disciplines and also in the general culture contributed at least as much to a willingness to engage in absurd risks and to provide and accept valuations of complex and inherently unfathomable securities .
If implemented , the German proposal would most likely exclude behavior that involves acceptable risk , as well as sidelining those who take wild and inappropriate decisions .
If those agreements have widespread acceptance and mutual consistency , the result will be a stable international monetary system .
Today , the equivalent collapse has been of the `` regulation-lite '' regime in which a party that styled itself as `` New Labor '' accepted a powerful role for markets -- particularly for largely deregulated financial markets .
If creditor banks were unwilling to accept some form of restructuring , they would have to put in new money .
Before the Brady Plan was announced , Mexico had accepted a wide-ranging Pact of Economic Solidarity and Growth , which immediately improve investor confidence and reduced sky-high domestic interest rates .
Physics even accepts the idea that entropy defines the direction of time .
But , instead of accepting China 's olive branch , Koizumi implemented a more nationalistic agenda , including annual visits to the Yasukuni Shine , which is regarded as a symbol of Japanese militarism by Japan 's neighbors .
Having grown up in a China that is now accepted as a legitimate great power , the new generation of leaders will be more impatient about China resuming its place as the paramount power in Asia .
As long as US assets were attractive to residents of surplus countries -LRB- or there was an acceptable chain of investments from surplus countries that ended in the US -RRB- , these accumulations of reserves were sustainable .
I accept that the most powerful anti-poverty program is economic growth , but it works only if and when it is accompanied by distributive justice .
But I also believe that the fundamentalist approach that can be sensed in certain circles is skirting the limits of the acceptable .
Instead , the agreement limits itself to responding to the widely accepted goal of keeping carbon-dioxide levels below 450 parts per million , and the rise in average global temperature below 2 ° C. But are these targets realistic ?
To obtain sustainable results , policymakers need to accept that sometimes `` good enough is enough . ''
What the North African situation has taught us is that we must humbly accept that we may not always have had the right responses in the past .
Indeed , the EU 's progress reports on Turkey have consistently raised the issue of the military 's disproportionate power in Turkish politics , and the fact that some officers do not seem to accept that they are subject to civilian control .
One wonders if Pipes would accept the US military taking over the American government if it should ever unilaterally conclude that American politics had gone awry .
Where the intelligentsia is not directly complicit , its members have , simply by remaining silent , refused to accept the responsibility that accompanies freedom .
The US will remain a powerful part of the global system , but the task of the new president is to recognize lasting strengths and accept new limits .
President-elect Obama has shown pragmatism and realism , and seems to understand that accepting limitations is not weakness ; refusal to acknowledge reality is .
In the Far East , paying for past broken promises appears to have forced Russia to accept China 's terms for resolving a border dispute .
In 1863 , the Russian democratic émigré thinker Alexander Herzen , commenting on the brutal crushing of the Polish uprising by the Tsarist army , wrote in his publication Kolokol that acceptance of violence on the streets of Warsaw meant the acceptance of violence on the streets of St. Petersburg .
Last summer , more than 150,000 women were arrested in Tehran for wearing `` bad veils , '' and barber shops have been given specific instructions on acceptable hairstyles for young men .
But , since Khamenei can not accept a single , united political faction , it is extremely unlikely that he will let the Larijani camp -LRB- which includes Tehran Mayor Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf and former Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati -RRB- become powerful enough to win the next presidential election .
The talk today in Russia is of `` Putinism , '' which professes democracy without as yet obliging the state to accept the disciplines of a truly democratic system .
Despite this , Solzhenitsyn seemed to accept Putin as a `` good dictator , '' whose silencing of his critics enhances Russia 's soul .
Putin 's promise to restore national self-respect , shattered by Russia 's bitter loss of superpower status in 1991 , is centered around cowing Europe into submissively accepting Russia 's sphere of `` privileged interest '' in the post-Soviet nations .
Indeed , it is patently clear from his own words that Yanukovich does not accept the legitimacy of the Orange Revolution , which means that he does not accept the bedrock principle of democracy that you can not cheat your way to power .
Moreover , Tymoshenko managed Ukraine 's crisis despite the tremendous and often irresponsible resistance of her political opponents , who frequently paralyzed the parliament when the government refused to accept populist proposals that would undermine efforts at financial stabilization .
That is why G-20 leaders accept the need to work closely with the UN -- after all , no organization does development better .
Nor can we allow the financial crisis to become a reason for neglecting other critical issues : unacceptable levels of poverty and hunger , the food crisis , climate change .
Either the island will reunite under a UN plan accepted by both sides or the status quo will need to change by some other means .
The isolation of the Turkish Cypriots , who opted in favor of an internationally acceptable solution , can not be sustained any longer .
Those advocating for harm reduction accept that drugs have always been a part of human history and aim to decrease the damage caused by their production and use .
Like Iran , however , Kim wants to have his cake and eat it : eventual acceptance as a nuclear power and all the economic enticements from the US , Europe , Russia , and China to de-nuclearize .
But China 's assertiveness has provided enormous incentives to embrace an Asian multilateral system backed by America , rather than accept the exclusionary system that China seeks to lead .
Clinton 's tour produced the clearest signals yet that America is unwilling to accept China 's push for regional hegemony .
In exchange , the US should accept a strategic shift from combat operations to human security .
This monetary history is relevant because America is no more likely to accept international constraints on its monetary policy today than in the past .
The euro has made Italian government bonds as good as German government bonds , because the ECB is willing to accept both on an equal basis as collateral for ECB loans .
The unwillingness of frustrated minorities to accept consensus may well require the ECB president to take more control of the governing board than it has been used to in the past or , indeed , feel comfortable with in the future .
But the recent good economic numbers coming out of France should make an October rate hike easier for French politicians to accept .
Without fanfare , German workers accepted longer hours without increases in pay .
But the prospect of permanent stagnation for countries like France , Italy , and Portugal is unacceptable .
Naturally , politicians are reluctant to face up to choices between the unacceptable -LRB- permanent stagnation -RRB- , the unthinkable -LRB- leaving the euro -RRB- , and the hard-to-do -LRB- reform -RRB- .
The hard-to-do is preferable to the unacceptable and the unthinkable .
On the contrary , the quick international acceptance of the euro as one of the world 's premier currencies , aided by the European Central Bank 's determination to keep inflation under control , indicates that the monetary project is going full steam ahead .
Decoupling is an idea that is based on bad economics -- and on some Europeans ' reluctance to accept the fact that Europe 's short but sweet economic expansion is also coming to an end .
Had that happened , there would have been an unacceptable risk that the news would leak to speculators before Société Générale had a chance to liquidate the extraordinary large stock positions that Jérôme Kerviel had amassed , presumably without the bank 's knowledge .
Without hesitation he responded that it was the smooth introduction and easy acceptance of the common currency .
Before then , the Catholic Church had lost almost two centuries -LRB- XVIII and XIX -RRB- because it refused to accept that the world had changed , that social and economic issues are among the most important , that modernity happened .
A formal , mutually acceptable partition of Kosovo -- a territorial exchange of the type that almost everyone concedes is the only viable solution to the Israel-Palestine conflict -- could achieve a full and final settlement .
What might clinch a final , mutually acceptable settlement would be an offer by Serbia to hand over a part of its territory in the Albanian-majority Pre¨evo valley , on Kosovo 's eastern flank .
This economic siege , zealously enforced even by Arab and Islamic banks , followed the new Hamas-led government 's refusal to accept the demand by the `` quartet '' -- the United States , the European Union , the United Nations , and Russia -- that it recognize Israel , accept all previous agreements with Israel , and renounce terrorism .
By announcing the acceptance of previous agreements and supporting the Arab peace initiative , the new government should be able to bring economic normalcy to the cash-strapped Palestinian Authority .
At Camp David II , former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak cleverly insisted that the first clause of his offer included acceptance of the end of the conflict , which was a problem for Palestinians , given that historic rights remained unresolved .
They argue that the positions acceptable in Taba -LRB- following the failure of Camp David II -RRB- must be the basis of any agreement , and that what needs to be negotiated now is the timetable for implementation .
This conception of deterrence failed in Lebanon in 2006 , with Israel forced to accept a UN-sponsored cease-fire agreement , and it is no more likely to succeed in Gaza .
The newly established Israeli government refuses even to pay lip service to the internationally accepted requirements for peace .
On the other hand , the freely elected Palestinian leadership faces international boycott until it accepts a solution that the Netanyahu government rejects .
In his acceptance speech , Abbas referred to the leaders of the first Intifada , telling the congress that they drew the guidelines that have become the movement 's political platform .
Because Arabic makes no distinction between chairman and president , the Israelis accepted use of the Arabic word rayyes in the official English text .
For many Palestinians , Qudwa , a soft-spoken , multi-lingual nationalist -LRB- and Arafat 's nephew -RRB- , presents an acceptable face for Palestine locally and internationally .
For many Palestinians and Israelis , as well as for the international community , the shape and details of what would be a settlement acceptable to majorities on both sides is well known .
In that case , the Americans would have a hard time refusing to recognize a Palestinian state that fits what the international community has said is the only acceptable solution to this intractable conflict .
They have also clearly understood the folly of violent resistance , and have made a dramatic shift to nonviolent action -- with the acceptance -LRB- and possibly encouragement -RRB- of the international community -- in order to maintain pressure on the occupiers .
According to this view , Netanyahu 's right-wing coalition might be persuaded to accept the continuation of the partial settlement freeze , but only if the Israeli public sees President Mahmoud Abbas and Netanyahu publicly engaged in negotiations .
The Israelis want talks without conditions , even though Netanyahu has imposed his own condition on the Palestinians : recognition of Israel as a Jewish state , and acceptance of a demilitarized Palestinian state that does not include Jerusalem and the Jordan valley .
In Fayyad 's vision , Palestinians , who bear the brunt of the occupation and are in a greater hurry than the Israelis are to be free of it , are to accept a peace strategy that aims at realizing statehood .
Arabs seem increasingly willing to accept -- and even applaud -- the Obama administration 's policy toward the region .
Once again , Palestinians accepted Obama 's formula , while Netanyahu publicly rejected it , leaving Palestinians with no other nonviolent alternative but to go to the UN to seek a state based on the 1967 borders .
Hamas understands the political obligations that it must meet in order to be fully accepted in the world community , but its leaders prefer to wait until they are fully empowered before exploring these issues .
Reform of a country 's political and economic institutions and its accession to the EU and NATO usually go hand in hand , because the prospect of membership makes painful decisions electorally acceptable .
NATO membership is the free choice of aspiring members to seek , and of current members to accept .
Comparing the human losses of Finland and Estonia throughout the 20 ` th century , it is clear that trying to avoid conflict and accepting paper guarantees imposed greater losses in percentage terms on us than on Finland .
Abuse of public authority for private gain is not acceptable .
These countries face a weak and bumpy recovery , with unacceptably high unemployment .
They reject the widely accepted view , based on early sacred texts , that ancient believers did not ban the slaughter of cattle , and that such a ban probably became part of the Hindu moral code only around the fifth and sixth centuries AD , when the later Puranas were written .
The death sentences and torturing that were then imposed on almost entire nations and millions of people are , it now appears , to be silently accepted and noisily celebrated on May 9 in Moscow .
These social democrats were once part of a socialist , revolutionary , or reformist left , tightly allied with labor unions . But they ultimately accepted the market economy , and came to lean toward ideological moderation and to compete for votes in the political center . At the same time , motivated by their political competition and their own leftist ideology , these social democratic governments emphasize both economic growth and social inclusion .
They feel that their anti-Semitism is acceptable .
France had to a large extent initiated both treaties , had managed to get them accepted by its European partners , but in the end vetoed its own undertakings .
The political community of the 1950 's that France had persuaded its five European partners to accept was supposed to absorb both the European Coal and Steel Community and the EDC .
They can be emotional -LRB- anxiety , depression , hypochondria , and alienation -RRB- , cognitive -LRB- loss of concentration or recall , inability to learn new things , be creative , make decisions -RRB- , behavioural -LRB- abuse of drugs , alcohol , and tobacco , refusal to seek or accept treatment -RRB- , or physiological -LRB- neuroendocrine and immunological dysfunction -RRB- .
Are such changes acceptable to workers and employers ?
Yet it makes clear the basic philosophy of `` Kemalism '' -LRB- the ruling ideas of Kemal Ataturk -RRB- which say that to survive and prosper a country must become part of modern civilization , accepting much of what is distinctively western , including equal rights for women , teaching modern science , and disestablishing religion so that it no longer plays a part in government or the legal process .
Under both systems , those who accept responsibility to take military action also take on the lion 's share of the financial burden .
A prerequisite of effective control of the media is that the controlled accept the controller 's ideology .
The draft constitution that recently failed to gain acceptance in the first round of negotiations not only promises to respect cultural heritage ; it obliges the Union actively to protect , maintain , and develop the wealth of Europe 's cultural and linguistic diversity .
But the state can and should organize a good ethical and political education that affords young people the opportunity to interact with others and recognize and accept their equality .
In exchange for the US assuming the responsibilities of system maintenance , serving as market of last resort , and accepting the international role of the dollar , its key economic partners , Western Europe and Japan , acquiesced in the special privileges enjoyed by the US -- seigniorage gains , domestic macroeconomic-policy autonomy , and balance-of-payments flexibility .
Countries with global economic clout have a special responsibility to accept that their policy actions have important spillover effects on other countries .
To the Kremlin 's rulers , this may seem an acceptable cost for retaining power , but postponing reform will only aggravate Russia 's countless problems .
This system of political alienation is accepted by an overwhelming majority of Russians .
For now , at least , provincial Russians and the new urban class alike have accepted Putin 's no-participation pact .
While we should accept his challenge , we should also get our priorities right .
Setting up a new , independent alternative dispute-resolution system outside the courts would cost something , but it would ensure quicker and more acceptable resolution of routine disputes .
Europe , too , has grudgingly accepted that without developing nations ' participation , rich nations ' cuts will have little impact .
Solar and wind power appear to be acceptable , but both are much less reliable than coal , and much more expensive .
We need to accept that much of the world 's cheap coal will be burned -- but we should focus on capturing the CO2 .
An agreement of this nature could be the new Kyoto treaty for the world -- the principal difference being that this protocol would actually make a difference and stand a good chance of global acceptance .
That would be a result for which every politician would be happy to accept responsibility .
This figure may seem surprisingly low , but that is only because so many of us have accepted the widespread view that we lack the capacity to adapt to large rises in sea levels .
With a private owner , huge public subsidies would have been politically unacceptable .
Cooperation with havens like Liechtenstein or Monaco should be ruled out unless they accept that within the common market all citizens must pay taxes where they live , according to the rules of that country .
But it is our fate as humans , and it is usually accepted with dignity when the hour comes .
As always where demand exceeds supply , people may not accept waiting their turn -- and other countries and other peoples ' bodies give them the alternative they seek .
Many people hoped that Iran 's leaders , despite their extremism , would accept the offer if only to avoid sanctions -- which are sure to come even if China and Russia refuse to support them in the United Nations Security Council .
But to be accepted by other Lebanese , and to some extent even to retain the support of fellow Shia , Hezbollah had to agree to join the Lebanese consensus on the priority of reconstruction and economic recovery after years of civil war .
That made it politically unacceptable to launch an offensive that would kill young soldiers and family men .
Having implicitly accepted responsibility for starting the war , Nasrallah has directed Hezbollah to focus on rapid reconstruction in villages and towns , right up to the Israeli border .
But most Chinese bloggers accept this as part of the reality of life in China .
The fatwas -LRB- legal opinions concerning Islamic law -RRB- that they issue appear unreasonable and can not be accepted by those with scientific knowledge .
In recent years , the Indonesian military has provided a model for other Third World military forces on how to accept a transition to a full democracy .
But Asians will not accept Western moralizing on energy use .
At the same time , reflecting their pragmatism , the Asians remain ready to accept continuing American leadership and domination of global institutions .
Nevertheless , the election of a new , democratic , and lawful president has become accepted nationally as a necessary point of departure from the murderous path taken by the country with the extension of Lahoud 's mandate .
The fall of the Berlin Wall and German reunification , surprisingly accepted by Mikhail Gorbachev , meant immediate and direct support in reconstructing East Germany 's institutions and economy .
They are imprisoned for their Stalinist allegiance ; when they are finally allowed to return to Italy , their old comrades refuse to accept them .
This agreement includes including collaborating or not with the Taliban , cooperating with the Coalition forces , accepting or refusing poppy eradication in a village .
As violence is strictly a private matter , relinquishing justice to state institutions could be an unacceptable humiliation .
Girls know that there are options to an unacceptable way of life : women are increasingly demanding more from life than what custom ordains .
Resources are more likely to be generated in rich countries and be acceptable in developing countries if they are provided in ways that promote effective spending .
Moreover , because more people are evading taxes , tax administrations are under increasing pressure to become more lenient or to accept bribes .
When alternatives become difficult to find , the compensation requested for accepting an illegal transaction falls .
If an internal EU imbalance is to be corrected , deficit countries must accept real output losses , while surplus countries can maintain or even boost their growth rates .
Thus , deficit countries have to control price and wage growth to improve competitiveness , while surplus countries may have to accept some inflation .
And , of course , the political sensitivity of Europe 's imbalances consists precisely in telling deficit countries that they must accept enduring hard times while surplus countries are required merely to save a little less .
Forgetting thus affords us a second chance , individually and as a society , to rise above our past mistakes and misdeeds , to accept that humans change over time .
To accept de Gaulle 's offer , these leaders had to agree , among other things , to allow the stationing of French troops on their territory , provide France with a steady supply of raw materials at pre-determined prices , assume all colonial-era debts incurred by France , maintain the CFA Franc as their common currency , and grant the French Treasury veto authority over their sub-regional central banks .
The military 's belief that Malay Muslims could be re-educated and re-socialized into accepting a Thai identity has proved untenable .
When member states sign up to laws in Brussels , they accept an absolute obligation to be bound by them .
We need to accept that not everything can be run from the center , which means more trust and more partnership , but also more willingness to shoulder responsibility further down the line .
As a consequence , a wholly unacceptable long-term burden has been imposed on taxpayers .
Privatizing banks ' profits and socializing their losses is not acceptable in democratic societies .
Indeed , although painful , acceptance of Western values by a society excluded for centuries from European history has gained momentum despite the fact that we often see ourselves as different from Western nations .
Sober-minded politician also accept this .
As we shrug off our provincial defensiveness , we become more willing to accept the best that others have to offer .
Of course , this does not excuse those who refuse to listen to reasoned analysis about our country 's past , but Russians will not accept glib rants .
The draft Constitution provides acceptable answers to many questions of governance .
In the constitutional convention , the Blair government accepted the inclusion of its provisions in the body of the text , but insisted on language limiting their reach .
Such arrangements , which should be described as government-sponsored commercialism , are considered unacceptable by all relevant international declarations .
For half a century , Europe 's integrationists have sought unquestioning acceptance of their efforts .
When the Union was smaller and more modest , inter-governmental horse-trading seemed acceptable , not least because national politicians could downplay the importance of `` Europe . ''
For example , France remains unwilling to accept a fundamental reform of the EU 's Common Agricultural Policy -LRB- CAP -RRB- , of which it is the chief beneficiary .
Last fall , Germany , the largest contributor to the EU budget , accepted a compromise prolonging the present CAP for a decade .
It is understandable that good Europeans like the Dutch and the Finns find it unacceptable that heavyweights like France and Germany now claim to be more equal than smaller countries .
For all German Chancellors from Konrad Adenauer to Helmut Kohl , France was the favorite European partner , but they refused to accept French offers to create a `` Franco-German union '' that would destroy the mediating character of German foreign policy .
As for the euro , the Germans have to accept that if they want to remain good Europeans , they have to get their own fiscal house in order . For whatever they do or refrain from doing in terms of domestic reforms affects their partners .
Both sides accept that working with local partners for peaceful democratic change today is the best way to avoid violent revolution or military action tomorrow .
But excusing Nazi atrocities by pointing to Stalinist crimes is an intellectually and morally unacceptable stratagem .
The world 's rising powers are likely to be increasingly disinclined to accept constraints that they see as American or European tutelage .
Radicals use the inability to attain political objectives peacefully to inspire fanatical action and to justify forms of violence normally considered unacceptable .
One school believes that modern terrorism can not be eradicated , or that the costs of doing so are unacceptably high .
To allow them to win would be to accept the supremacy of evil .
If G-20 leaders fail to accept that responsibility , and instead choose the path of economic nationalism , the future could look bleak .
It would be hard to imagine Franklin Roosevelt or Ronald Reagan accepting a similar relative position .
Above all , it is not acceptable for the world of sport to impose a moral view about the role of enhancement technology on nations that wish to participate in the Olympics , without implementing an extensive and ongoing consultative process to accompany its policy decision .
The example of Poland and that of the other countries of Central Europe shows that the clear prospect of EU membership may be one of the engines of effective reforms and may significantly enhance the ability of local leaders to persuade their people to accept the need for reforms that are sometimes painful .
But not everyone accepted this path .
The majority though , in one way or another , had some contact with communism , through intellectual fascination , participation in state institutions , or the cold conviction that only by accepting the reality of life under communism could one do something useful for one 's country .
Once it is accepted that shareholders and creditors deserve no relief , the resolution fund simply becomes deposit insurance .
Getting such patients to accept being put into a control group where no acupuncture is applied is almost impossible .
We do know that acupuncture is a safe , inexpensive , widely accepted , and potentially effective therapy .
The secret drafting of a black list behind a member 's back is unacceptable and , in my view , seriously damages the OECD 's credibility .
Many of the actions and policies of the Coalition Provisional Authority -LRB- CPA -RRB- , as well as higher-level Bush administration decisions , seem to point to a resigned acceptance that early hopes that Iraq would embrace Western-style democracy were misplaced .
In Iraq , as elsewhere in the Arab and Muslim worlds , a cultural war is being waged between two paradigms : grand narratives that accept and promote a collectivistic understanding -LRB- nationalism , socialism , Islamism -RRB- , versus an implicit paradigm of individualistic modernity that is locally rooted yet informed by the global experience .
Indeed , the nominal acceptance of grand narratives of `` democracy '' and `` human rights '' as common bases for political discourse represents a crucial shift in demarcating the cultural battle .
The CPA , and the world community , must not prejudice the outcome of their efforts by accepting a facile and bogus view of Iraqi society .
Although the sentence is still in limbo , Hussein publicized his acceptance of the punishment by inviting the official floggers to his office to demonstrate how an Islamic caning would be carried out .
Less than 20 years ago , the Czech Republic and Poland were part of their sphere of influence , so Russians understandably can not accept the US unilaterally implanting its security system there .
If a European pillar within NATO is needed to strengthen the Alliance , why not accept it ?
The other alternative to a rebirth of `` containment '' would consist in accepting the Russian argument , or more precisely , Russian `` emotions . ''
Second , even if the West condemns Georgia 's irresponsibility and incorporates into its policy Russia 's sensitivities on the complex historical feelings related to its ex-imperial territories , the Kremlin 's shameless brutality is unacceptable .
After all , this is Europe more than six decades after World War II , and nearly 20 years after the collapse of the Soviet Union . The use of force to settle scores and impose one nation 's will upon another can not be accepted passively .
Third , even if America under Obama praises and even practices multilateralism , Americans are far from ready to accept the reality of a multi-polar world .
If the United States wants to be seriously involved in a renewed peace initiative , it can neither ignore nor passively accept the hierarchy of Israeli emotions .
By contrast , when the personal situations of many individual Americans are examined through European eyes , the extreme individualism that constitutes a key part of American optimism translates into an unacceptable social scandal .
But let 's be reasonable : the absurdity of Italy 's presence in the G-8 , together with the lack of official membership for countries such as China , India , and Brazil , is no longer acceptable or tenable .
Twenty years ago , right after the fall of the Berlin Wall , one could say `` I want Europe so much that I am willing to accept one Germany '' -- a revolutionary move if one had in mind the French writer François Mauriac 's famous joke , `` I like Germany so much , I want two of them . ''
It is the West 's acceptance of corruption -- either open or tacit -- that makes it an accomplice to too many nefarious regimes , and makes its espousal of democratic principles appear either hypocritical or contradictory .
How can they be understood without being judged , or helped without humiliating paternalism or , still worse , without an unacceptable `` collateral damage , '' as in Afghanistan ?
The cost of non-intervention , of allowing Qaddafi to crush his own people , and of thus signaling to the world 's despots that a campaign of domestic terror is acceptable , is far more menacing .
Scientific knowledge is more likely to emerge in environments where it is accepted that there are no prescribed or logical methods for formulating hypotheses ; that they may be the result of sudden inspiration ; or that they may come from dreams , from other disciplines , or from people that belong to different professions or have different backgrounds .
Moreover , although the World Bank accepted the country 's reconstruction program -- called `` Horizon 2000 '' -- the money for it , from the European Investment Bank and Arab funds , has barely trickled in .
But the party never debated or theorized this choice , simply accepting former Prime Minister Lionel Jospin 's claim that the fiscal stability and financial modernization resulting from the decision was but a `` parenthesis . ''
That December vote on the EU Constitutional Treaty closed this parenthesis : by approving of it , the Socialists consciously accepted a reformist , social democratic , European identity .
The internal debates will be heated and their conclusions difficult for some to accept .
Sporadic complaints and warnings from above enable them to develop an intuitive sense for the boundaries of acceptable content , so they create shows that are free from offending material from the outset .
It is the course we are on . But for now , it is a journey without a clearly defined , widely accepted endpoint .
The world has already accepted the basic principle that the rich should bear more of the cost of mitigating climate change .
Maritain accepted the Pope 's verdict and began a remarkable ideological journey toward democracy .
Nevertheless , some body of thought that makes democracy attractive for believers -- and reassures non-believers that the faithful have accepted pluralism -- had to be available .
Merkel 's style has exacerbated this confusion : she prefers to lead from behind and seems incapable of the stateswoman-like speech that would bring people to accept bolder measures .
Undoubtedly , however , the region 's political authorities , no less than families themselves , will be forced to accept the inconsistencies of the traditional model when it comes to the transformation of the condition of women .
Better for the West to accept equality now -- and struggle to maintain it .
Equally important , the international community must send observers -- and thus a clear signal to the government that any attempt to maintain power by force or intimidation is unacceptable .
In announcing that it would stop accepting donations for the victims of the tsunami after collecting ¤ 40 million for that purpose , Médecins Sans Frontières noted its urgent need for funds for such man-made catastrophes as Darfur in Sudan and for the Democratic Republic of Congo .
He could also be tried before a national court in a country that accepts the idea of universal jurisdiction , as happened in Spain as well as in the United Kingdom in the case of Chile 's former dictator , General Augusto Pinochet .
The bite in his comment is justified . `` Victor 's justice '' is no longer acceptable .
international humanitarian law -- also known as the laws of war -- to which the US is also a party through its ratification of the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and through its acceptance that certain provisions of the First Additional Protocol of 1977 have the status of customary international law that is binding on America as on all other governments .
The refusal to accept any televised challenge , of course , aroused a lot of criticism in the media .
Is Putin risking his political future by accepting a formally secondary role and making himself accountable for all socio-economic policy ?
Europe began its own American-style debate on the origins of life when Cardinal Christoph Schönborn of Vienna cast doubt on the acceptability of Darwinism and evolutionary theory to people who see themselves as faithful Roman Catholics .
In the same spirit , Europeans resolutely refuse to accept that the US might legitimately have different geopolitical interests -- so that when US policies diverge from their own , Europeans assume that the Americans simply got it wrong , and that they clearly need Europe 's wise advice to set them straight .
But , in view of recent scientific discoveries , has feminist resistance to accepting any signs of innate gender difference only created new biases ?
Reading Fisher , one is more inclined to leave boys alone to challenge one another and test their environment , and to accept that , as she puts it , nature designed men and women to collaborate for survival . `` Collaboration '' implies free will and choice ; even primate males do not succeed by dominating or controlling females .
According to Gurian , if women accept these biological differences and work around them in relationships , men respond with great appreciation and devotion -LRB- often expressed nonverbally -RRB- .
Her aim is to replace journalists ' acceptance of the `` party line '' -- even if the party is her own extended family -- with a more critical perspective .
When the US does so in pursuit of public goods that benefit others as well as Americans , the nature of America 's ends may substitute for the means in making US power acceptable in the eyes of others .
In such cases , the likelihood of failure increases , because of the intrinsically multilateral nature of transnational issues in a global age , and the costly effects on US soft power that unaccepted unilateral actions may impose .
Such behavior is unacceptable whether it is carried out by the powerful or the weak .
One need not accept all the rhetoric or policies of George W. Bush to recognize that he is correct on a central point . Business as usual will not be enough .
Already the scenes of looters exploiting the chaos in the early aftermath of the storm have been replaced with stories of charitable contributions from other parts of the country , of children being accepted into schools outside the city , and of families being helped by strangers .
It is a civil war within Islam between a majority of normal people and a small minority who want to coerce others into a accepting a highly ideological and politicized version of their religion .
President George W. Bush has said that Iran 's development of nuclear weapons is unacceptable , and recent press accounts suggest that his administration is exploring preventive military options .
Through a credible intermediary , the US could offer to consider security guarantees and relief from existing sanctions if Iran agrees to forego domestic enrichment and accept the Russian offer , perhaps garbed as an IAEA-backed international consortium in which Iran could participate .
The creation of the welfare state in Western countries after World War II helped to create a safety net for people disadvantaged by economic change , thereby encouraging them to accept the return of international economic interdependence .
Most Russian participants at the Davos dinner seemed to ignore these criticisms , but it was interesting to hear one important official admit that reform might progress faster if oil prices dropped somewhat , and another accept the point that criticism should be welcomed as long as it is offered in a friendly spirit .
Its imperial overreach will instead come from having to police more peripheral countries than US public opinion will accept .
Prolonged negotiations and gridlock are not acceptable , because today 's most serious problems can not wait for perfect institutional solutions .
In turn , many Chinese fear that the United States will not accept their `` peaceful rise . ''
Last October , Mohamed El Baradei , the head of the IAEA , announced that Iran had accepted enhanced inspection procedures .
For these reasons , President Bush declared an Iranian nuclear weapon unacceptable .
That approach has continued on a bipartisan basis in the US , and polls show that it retains broad acceptance in Japan .
Although some Japanese complain about the unequal nature of the alliance 's security components , owing to the limits that Japan has accepted on the use of force , in these new areas , Japan is a stronger partner .
But , as Barack Obama said in accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 , `` we must begin by acknowledging the hard truth that we will not eradicate violent conflict in our lifetimes .
This is not acceptable .
The need to communicate effectively , together with market forces , produces a powerful incentive to master English and accept a degree of assimilation .
As US President Barack Obama said when accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 , `` We must begin by acknowledging the hard truth that we will not eradicate violent conflict in our lifetimes .
On one hand , the US supported China 's membership in the World Trade Organization and accepted Chinese goods and visitors . On the other hand , the Clinton-Hashimoto Declaration of April 1996 affirmed that the US-Japan security treaty , rather than being a Cold War relic , would provide the basis for a stable and prosperous East Asia .
Then Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick made clear that the US would accept the rise of China as a `` responsible stakeholder . ''
As Kosovo 's new government moves toward a unilateral declaration of independence , Serbs face a stark choice : retain Kosovo and effectively sever ties with the European Union , or accept the painful reality of Kosovar independence and embrace a new future within the EU .
The Irish problem remains how to convince popular opinion to accept a Treaty that was decisively rejected by 53.4 % to 46.6 % in the June 12 poll .
Since 2009 , it has accepted and even recommended that such regulations are useful to manage the massive inflows of `` hot money '' into emerging markets .
The second major category of e-waste management strategies is to decentralize recycling while keeping the environmental impact of small-scale facilities to an acceptable level .
He would propose measures including , for example , cutting links between government and organized crime , and making it more difficult for bureaucrats to accept bribes .
The United States , Israel , and Britain have also expressed willingness to provide Nigeria with counter-terrorism support , but this `` help , '' if accepted , would only inflame passions in the country 's Islamic belt .
Both local and Western election monitors have said that the poll fell far below acceptable standards .
Thus , they can not accept that more robust multilateral institutions , confidence , cooperation , and interdependence could assure international security .
On the contrary , Russia 's loss of superpower status is completely unacceptable .
As a signal of their seriousness , European governments should think twice before they accept Serbia 's invitation to attend the Council of Europe 's festive 1,000 th meeting in June .
For example , we Central Europeans are opponents when we do not accept Russia 's policy of renewing `` spheres of interest '' and `` security zones . ''
Investments were not simply bad , but unacceptably risky .
There is a second obstruction as well : the US Congress refuses to face up realistically to the climate challenge , because China , as a developing country , is not obliged to accept compulsory carbon limits .
For Iranians , as bearers of faith and national pride , responses that seem to others self-righteous and irrational are , in fact , necessary and acceptable .
An acceptable blueprint might emerge from high-level negotiations in Astana if it were to build on what succeeded in breaking previous negotiating deadlocks : the idea of a referendum in which the war-weary Karabakhis can determine their final status .
If , in Astana , a high-level group reinforces the idea of a referendum and sets a mutually acceptable date , this would be a significant achievement .
By contrast , moderates -- all moderates -- will accept it , albeit unhappily .
Livni , at last widely accepted as a leader worth her salt , spoke loudly of peace with the Palestinians in the last day of her campaign . It did her no harm at the ballot box .
Chicago economists seem to believe that real-world outcomes are acceptably unfair and , more importantly , that attempts to remedy unfairness are too costly , because tampering with markets causes economic inefficiency .
MIT economists tend to espouse the opposite : fairness is important , the real world is unacceptably unfair , and government failure can be prevented by good institutional design , including democracy .
On the immigrants ' side , there is more resentment against the host , more lassitude about the economy and politics , possible violence or an insistence on maintaining symbolic differences -- ironically , in a society less able to accept them precisely because of its discomfort with difference .
On the other hand , refusing to accept the growing consensus that fiscal union is the key to resolving the debt crisis exposes the eurozone , and Germany , to serious risks .
So long as the eurozone 's systemic risk is not addressed , sovereign defaults are not unlikely , leading to extended bank bailouts that could carry unacceptable costs .
Female circumcision and polygamy are banned , and Muslims accept this .
Similarly , after some theological debate , British Muslims have widely accepted that they owe unreserved loyalty to Britain .
Only three maverick Republican Senators went along with Obama 's proposals to get the plan accepted .
At its heart lay a simple proposition : the republicans , who called for and bombed for a United Ireland -- hammering together the predominantly Protestant North and the overwhelmingly Catholic South -- accepted that constitutional change could come only through the ballot box .
In return , the Protestant majority in the north accepted that republicans should not have to accept the symbols of a state to which they felt no loyalty .
You had to accept what you were told the world was like .
But Obama also knows that if the existing nuclear states want others to accept tougher restrictions , they will have to cut back their nuclear arsenals .
President Barack Obama 's first visit to China last November , in which he accepted the role of pliant suitor at the court of the emperor , strengthened the impression of a deal between today 's great power and tomorrow 's .
More would not accept the king 's assertion of supremacy over the church .
For years , we in the West -- shame on us -- talked up democracy around the world , but , despite the occasional gentle slap on the wrist of Arab despots , we accepted that there was an Arab exception to the desire for freedom and accountability .
They did n't have to like Israel , provided that they were n't too rude about America 's pro-Israel bias and its refusal to accept that insisting on Israel 's inalienable right to exist was not the same as allowing Israel to do whatever it wanted .
We all look to the next US president to re-engage with the world community and international organizations , accepting that even a superpower should accept the rules that apply to others .
If we are to accept scientific facts , we need to construct morality on a new foundation , one without souls .
Israel still refuses to accept the new Palestinian national unity government as a negotiating partner because Hamas is part of that government .
We accept the Middle East `` road map . ''
Nobody in Israel will accept this .
The EU must not , however , let US or Israeli lack of support thwart its efforts to devise a goal map that would be acceptable to all regional parties , or to push Syria onto a more constructive course by engaging it .
Yet few in the Iranian establishment understand that being the leading regional power brings responsibility ; and that only responsible behavior can create legitimacy and acceptance that Iran craves .
It should accept the concerns of its neighbors , seek to develop its own ideas for regional confidence - and security building , and participate in efforts to create regional security arrangements .
Other clarifications are also needed . Is Iran prepared to accept a compromise that responds to European and other international concerns about its nuclear program , and thereby gain wide-ranging economic , energy , technology and science cooperation ?
The willingness of major countries to accept Iran with a nuclear status similar to Japan depends on whether Iran not only refers to itself as a status-quo power -- which it occasionally does -- but whether it acts as such .
If it wants to be seen as a status-quo power , it needs to accept local and international efforts at establishing peace between Israel and its neighbors .
It will also have to accept the wish of the huge majority of Palestinians for a peaceful settlement with Israel .
Iran , for its part , has an interest in securing both the supply of fuel rods for the TRR and the international community 's implicit acceptance of its uranium-enrichment efforts , as well as in engaging with the US .
The former remains wedded to its phantom imperial illusions about a `` zone of privileged interests '' extending far beyond Russia 's borders , while the latter , starting with Kadyrov , rule as independent autocrats happy to accept handouts from the Russian state budget .
Voluntary compliance in turn depends on the perception and acceptance of rules by domestic constituencies in the country that imported a law .
Meanwhile , proposals for pre-adoption assessment of national budgets by the EU have attracted criticism in France and elsewhere , which serves as a reminder of the distance there is between calls for coordination and actual acceptance of its implications .
It is time to accept that those who finance EU governments through purchasing their bonds are entitled to ask inconvenient questions , and to expect clear answers .
In addition , Thaksin will have to do something about Myanmar if the international community is to accept his wider role .
The reds will need to distance themselves from Thaksin 's abuses of power as much as the yellows will have to accept some of Thaksin 's policy legacy , particularly grassroots opportunities for jobs , education , and upward mobility .
Practically everyone knows what is unacceptable , and what needs to be eliminated .
Necessity sometimes dictates that risks be accepted , as Britain did in 1939 .
The Council is more likely to accept an option of mounting a punitive program of air strikes - going well beyond what was done in 1998 - on suspected WMD sites , presidential compounds , the Republican Guard and other armed-force targets .
Since the world does not export to Mars , some countries have to absorb these goods , and accept the capital inflows that finance their consumption .
If the Fed were to accept the responsibilities of its de facto role as the world 's central banker , it would have to admit that its policy rates are not conducive to stable world growth .
Countries will have to agree to accept and facilitate the IMF 's direct engagement with their influential citizenry as long as it is carried out in good faith .
In time , the US had to accept that each political contest or military battle lost was not a watershed as long as its core interests in Europe , the Far East , and Latin America were not threatened .
Given that the largest part of the industry -LRB- 60 % -RRB- is based on leveraged buy-outs and extreme debt , it seems only reasonable to demand that they honor the transparency and tax rules accepted by everyone else .
The IMF has long called on donors to meet the internationally accepted target for overseas development assistance of 0.7 % of GDP .
But the status quo is unacceptable .
Second , there is now clear advice to the Fund 's member countries on how they should run their exchange rate policies , and on what is acceptable to the international community .
If we just accept the diagnosis on offer , nobody is to blame .
The Enlightenment idea that our System-II rationality can always point to an optimal choice about which every reasonable individual would agree clashes with the widely accepted modern idea that there is a plurality of reasonable choices .
Even a tiny probability of global catastrophe is unacceptable .
Although the importers knew that Proctor 's invention was ludicrous -LRB- because they had been importing the bean from Mexico for years -RRB- , they had no choice but to accept the patent 's legality , causing 22,000 Mexican farmers and their families to lose 90 % of their export incomes in just the first year .
In January 2000 , the Action Group on Erosion , Technology and Concentration -LRB- ETC Group , then known as RAFI -RRB- published the first denunciation of the Enola patent as technically invalid and morally unacceptable .
Sarkozy persuaded two women from immigrant backgrounds , Rama Yade and the well-known feminist activist Fadela Amara , to accept sub-cabinet positions , while Kouchner has been the most popular political figure in France for the past several years .
I refused to accept the invitation from the president of the Human Rights Council at the time , Ambassador Martin Uhomoibhi of Nigeria , to lead the investigation following the Human Rights Council 's January 12 , 2009 resolution . As a former UN High Commissioner for Human Rights , I felt strongly that the Council 's resolution was one-sided and did not permit a balanced approach to determining the situation on the ground .
In this way , both the Israelis and the Palestinians share a secret fear -- for some , a belief -- that each has no intention of accepting the other 's right to a country of their own .
Rejected while they were still fascist dictatorships , their candidacies were accepted when their regimes changed .
One can bemoan this fact , but it is better to accommodate oneself to it and accept the notion that it will take decades for Europe to think in the same way on most issues , not least about relations with the US .
But this does not take anything away from the extraordinary community constituted by the intellectual and cultural patrimony that unites Europeans around recognized and accepted values .
All these values are accepted pillars of political and institutional stability in today 's Europe , and command nearly unanimous agreement .
Today 's accepted wisdom is that markets are optimally balanced whatever their state , meaning that no government intervention or regulation would be efficient or desirable .
Not only is the decline of previously accepted social and financial regulations reflected in the relative , but important , drop in wage income as a percentage of GDP -- and therefore consumer spending -- in all developed countries in the last thirty years , but also the deliberate abolition of controls allows the banking sector to do as it pleases .
What ultimately led to the collapse of the latest round of negotiations was India 's refusal to accept rigid rules that it felt would put India 's agricultural smallholders in jeopardy .
Capital-exporting developing nations should be willing to accept greater transparency in the operation of sovereign wealth funds and pledge not to use them for political purposes .
At the political level , capitalism requires compensation and transfer mechanisms to render its outcomes acceptable .
The usefulness of activist monetary and fiscal policies became widely accepted in the aftermath of the Great Depression .
It must pledge to boost domestic expenditures , reduce its external surplus , and accept an increase in the ECB 's inflation target .
If Germans are unable to stomach the idea of sharing a political community with Greeks , they might as well accept that economic union is as good as dead .
They accepted the risk implied by ultra-thin capitalizations when it was mainly US government money on the line ; they would be more reluctant to do so if it was mostly their own money that they were wagering .
Worst of all , the election loser , López Obrador , seems willing to throw the country into turmoil rather than accept the constitutional legitimacy of his defeat .
When that day arrives , Americans had better pray that their creditors will be as happy to accept dollars as they are now .
For years , foreign governments complained about American hedge funds , arguing that their non-transparent behavior posed unacceptable risks to stability .
Until now , most investors have thought that they would rather risk high inflation for a couple of years than accept even a short and shallow recession .
Price inflation forces creditors to accept repayment in debased currency .
Interest rates will rise to compensate investors both for having to accept a larger share of government bonds in their portfolio and for an increasing risk that governments will be tempted to inflate away the value of their debts , or even default .
Would n't it be better to accept more adjustment now in the form of slower post-crisis growth than to set ourselves up for an even bigger crash ?
So why does n't the public accept this need for flexibility , which , in the end , is what market-based economic liberalization is all about ?
The CBO , for example , is free to issue long-term fiscal projections based on its own best estimates of growth , but is largely forced to accept politically implausible future `` fixes '' at face value , somewhat neutralizing the potential effectiveness of any critique of deficit policies .
Whereas the US Congress 's `` supercommittee , '' charged with formulating a fiscal-consolidation package , will likely come up with a proposal , it is far from clear that either Republicans or Democrats will be willing to accept compromise in an election year .
Whereas some German companies persuaded workers to accept wage cuts to help weather the financial crisis , wages across the southern periphery have been marching steadily upwards , even as productivity has remained stagnant .
The same is true with respect to the President 's assertion that Israel 's permanent presence in Palestinian territories and the non-return of Palestinian refugees to their homes in Israel must be accepted as realities on the ground .
Bush must be willing to accept Europeans as genuine partners and stop treating them like recalcitrant vassals .
Russia , therefore , should apply two fundamental principles that it has already accepted in several declarations .
Whether Greece , Spain , and other euro-zone members will accept such wrenching adjustments remains to be seen .
America 's foreign creditors would not accept a sharp reduction in their dollar assets ' real value that debasement of the dollar via inflation and devaluation would entail .
But deflation is associated with persistent recession -LRB- see Argentina again -RRB- , and no country 's society and political system can accept years of recession and fiscal austerity to achieve real depreciation . Default and an exit from the euro would occur well before that .
Today 's financial markets are dominated by non-bank institutions -- investment banks , money market funds , hedge funds , mortgage lenders that do not accept deposits , so-called `` structured investment vehicles , '' and even states and local government investment funds -- that have no direct or indirect access to the liquidity support of central banks .
Thus , a second set of policies and institutional reforms requires that all unsecured creditors of banks and other financial institutions need to be `` treated '' -- that is , they must accept losses -LRB- or `` haircuts '' -RRB- on their claims .
Previous experience suggests that most hold-to-maturity investors would accept a par bond , while most mark-to-market investors would accept a discount bond with a higher coupon -LRB- that is , a bond with a lower face value -RRB- -- an alternative that could be offered -LRB- and has been in the past -RRB- to such investors .
Another round of bank bailouts is politically unacceptable and economically unfeasible : most governments , especially in Europe , are so distressed that bailouts are unaffordable ; indeed , their sovereign risk is actually fueling concern about the health of Europe 's banks , which hold most of the increasingly shaky government paper .
First , we must accept that austerity measures , necessary to avoid a fiscal train wreck , have recessionary effects on output .
· A five-year cumulative 30 % deflation in prices and wages -- in Greece , for example -- which would mean five years of deepening and socially unacceptable depression ; even if feasible , this amount of deflation would exacerbate insolvency , given a 30 % increase in the real value of debt .
This would require accepting massive losses on public and private debt , as well as enormous transfer payments that boost the periphery 's income while its output stagnates .
Chávez himself appears to have tacitly , if reluctantly , accepted that the recall vote will be held this August .
But this latest intervention exemplifies the doctrine that he set out in his Nobel acceptance speech in 2009 . `` Those regimes that break the rules must be held accountable , '' and so should their leaders , who are `` sworn to protect and defend . ''
Such a conception of national interest can rely only on full acceptance of the UN 's `` responsibility to protect '' doctrine , approved unanimously by the General Assembly in 2005 .
In effect , Hamas has returned the conflict to the 1960 's and 1970 's , when progress toward peace had to await the PLO 's readiness to stop using terrorism and accept Israel 's existence .
If Arafat had taken this road - accepting Israel 's existence , ending terrorism , and confronting Palestinian extremists - the conflict would have ended long ago .
Calling for the modernization of Islam by permitting clerics to reinterpret its laws in light of contemporary conditions is more acceptable .
Sharon embodied a new national consensus , accepted by at least two-thirds of the population , that reflects deep-seated changes in the country and its situation .
From the left comes the idea that , in return for full peace , Israel is ready to withdraw from most of the territory captured in 1967 and accept a Palestinian state .
The strategy ran aground in 2000 , when Prime Minister Ehud Barak offered to give up almost all the occupied territories and accept a Palestinian state in exchange for real peace .
In 1975 he accepted an offer from the MIT Department of Economics , where he taught until his death .
But the Union 's regulatory authority is likely to be accepted by the accession countries only if it remains tied to the redistributionist ethic at the heart of the EU 's social model .
Darwin accepted the design-like nature of organisms and their parts .
Most thinkers back then accepted the Arab estimates that the universe was two hundred million miles across , which is enough room to swing quite a few cats -- or Oxford atheists !
Conservatives must accept that a knowledge society pushes the individual -- with his or her wealth of talents and abilities , interests and ambitions -- to the center .
When they voted on the components to be included in the country 's submission , the HIV\/AIDS and tuberculosis plans were accepted but the malaria component was rejected due to its low quality .
It is widely accepted that oil , not terror , was the original motivation of the war -- a war planned by Mr. Bush 's senior advisors during the 1990 's , and made possible by their accession to power in 2001 .
Almost daily , the United States and Europe brandish threats to impose economic sanctions or cut off development assistance unless some vulnerable government accepts their political strictures .
Hamas 's doctrines are indeed unacceptable for long-term peace , as even some Arab states , such as Egypt , have made clear .
But cutting aid is likely to increase turmoil rather than leading to an acceptable long-term compromise between Israel and Palestine .
But realism in international economic affairs requires accepting that official development assistance can help achieve the broad political objectives of stability and democracy only in the long run .
The roots of failure lie in the US and Israeli governments ' belief that military force and financial repression can lead to peace on their terms , rather than accepting a compromise on terms that the Middle East , the rest of the world , and , crucially , most Israelis and Palestinians , accepted long ago .
With small and mutually acceptable adjustments to those borders , these terms would enable peaceful co-existence of two states side by side .
One reason for the IPCC 's notable success has been the skilled guiding hand of the IPCC Chairman , Dr. R. K. Pachauri , who will accept the prize on the body 's behalf .
Poor countries do not and will not accept a system of climate control that condemns them to continued poverty .
Still , the international community can play a more constructive role than it has until now by pressing both sides to accept an independent recount .
Only if both sides accept that there was no clear winner is it reasonable to call for power-sharing -LRB- or a new election -RRB- .
Yet the technologies are not yet ready , and we ca n't simply wait for the market to deliver them , because they require complex changes in public policy to ensure that they are safe , reliable , and acceptable to the broad public .
Similarly , a 2005 survey found that 59 % of self-professed conservative Republicans rejected any theory of evolution , while 67 % of liberal Democrats accepted some version of evolutionary theory .
What kinds of power plants will be acceptable in the future ?
But if we do n't have a strategy to accompany our targets , the world 's governments might not accept such targets in the first place , or might accept them cynically , without any intention of actually meeting them .
As a result , low-skilled workers in Egypt , the US , and other countries must either raise their productivity enough to compete at a decent wage , or accept extremely low pay or outright unemployment .
In Western Europe and the US , for example , the cultural acceptance of social and economic equality between men and women has involved a long process of political struggle and evolving social norms .
The world as a whole might agree on a weaker , but globally acceptable minimum standard , say a term limit of no more than 20 years .
Even non-democracies such as modernized China could accept this rule , because it would apply to heads of government , not ruling parties .
Yet lurking beneath those specific issues is a more general worry : whether Europe would accept Turkey , an Islamic society , into the European fold under any conditions .
Large majorities on both sides -- perhaps two-thirds or even three-fourths of each population -- would accept a return by Israel to something like its pre-1967 borders in exchange for real peace .
Palestinian Prime Minister Abu Mazen has called on Palestinian extremists to disarm , or at least to accept a prolonged cease-fire , but they have responded with more terrorist attacks .
In describing the tribunal as part of an Israeli plot , Nasrallah warned the government and other parties in Lebanon against cooperating with it , or accepting its verdicts .
Except in totalitarian regimes , a country 's elite depends on a degree of popular acceptance , which is mostly derived from the belief that the elite is broadly `` fair '' in its dealings .
But what is not acceptable is the way that people with leprosy , those cured of it , and even their family members continue to be discriminated against on the basis of fears , myths , and outdated notions about a disease that is today completely curable .
These investments were eventually accepted as making a contribution to their host countries .
The Chinese government can play a crucial role by adopting a code of conduct for all Chinese enterprises investing abroad , in line with internationally accepted norms and taking into account the increasing importance of sustainable FDI .
For their part , recipient countries should accept , rather than shun or discriminate against , China 's `` new kids on the block . ''
While Yomiuri 's unique public effort is not a government initiative , it comes as close as Japan will probably ever get to conducting an acceptable `` official '' inquiry and offering an adequate apology .
Today , it is widely accepted that breast cancer , whether familial or sporadic , can be understood as a complex disease .
Initially , experts have to ask whether the result of a genetic test for susceptibility factors can help clinical decisions to be made on the basis of generally accepted guidelines .
Since the day Vladimir Putin spoke on TV of flushing all Chechen terrorists down the toilet , hatred of Caucasians has become all but socially acceptable .
Such a prospect would be even less acceptable to developing countries .
The Bank must be open to local invention if it is to be accepted by and relevant to middle-income nations .
If we accept the logic behind the more pragmatic and ambitious philosophy of international aid that underpins the United Nations ' `` Millennium Declaration , '' we must quickly adapt our instruments to ensure more sustainable and predictable modes of financing .
It must accept the idea of a long-term international redistribution policy to assist those who are excluded from the benefits of globalization , and give itself the means to implement this ambitious policy .
This lesson is lost on the Bush administration , which senselessly alienated Iran in 2002 , when moderates had the upper hand there and were cooperating in Afghanistan , and reversed decades of US policy by insisting that any Middle East settlement must accept changed `` realities on the ground '' in the West Bank .
This is unacceptable for two reasons .
First , dictatorship itself is ugly and unacceptable ; second , secular dictatorship excludes Islamic parties from participating normally in the political system .
Before July 's protests , they hoped that Hong Kong would provide so attractive an example of the idea of `` One Country , Two Systems '' that Taiwan would be lured into accepting the sovereignty of the government in Beijing .
Many Chinese do not accept communist rule precisely because the Communist Party denies its past , -LRB- and remains -RRB- unapologetic about its cruelty .
The Chinese Communists insist that being Chinese means accepting the political reality of a sole Communist sovereign .
Indeed , many Taiwanese think that , if being Chinese means accepting all that goes under the name of Mao Zedong and the Chinese Communist Party , they will gladly deny their `` Chineseness '' than assume some of that shame .
But why do we accept that ?
Neither man found it difficult to accept the bankers ' absurd logic .
A sensible US policy on China may be to accept gradual currency appreciation , rather than a large revaluation , as America 's economic vitality stems from its own innovation rather than from concessions by the Chinese government .
There are good reasons to expect that China will continue to accept an independent European security mechanism .
But Israelis do not accept this political logic .
Indeed , the `` creative destruction '' that generates unacceptable risk to individuals is poised to deliver the means for tempering these same risks .
No central bank would permit deflation for long , and the current level of inflation probably represents the lower boundary that most monetary authorities consider acceptable .
Similarly , humans tend to accept large downside risks in order to avoid small certain losses , such as insurance premiums .
The insurance industry can , and should , respond to the tsunami disaster by accepting the moral imperative to take concerted action to expand risk coverage .
It might be more accurate to say that public attention is over-focused on some recent price changes , or over-accepting of some high market values .
Silence can be presumed to be tacit acceptance that rapid increases in long-term asset price are warranted .
Even if we were to accept that real rates were genuinely very high in the mid-1980 's , then the logical conclusion would be that the stock and housing markets should have been even lower in the 1980 's , not that real prices should be very high in 2005 .
Perhaps it is accepted resignedly , as the cosmopolitan class is too amorphous and ill-defined to be the target of any social movement .
Indeed , the much-vaunted market for collateralized debt obligations , which divides risks into tranches and places the different risk levels in different places according to the willingness to accept them , has plausibly played a role in boosting asset prices .
The fundamental problem is that a generation of mainstream macroeconomic theorists has come to accept a theory that has an error at its very core : the axiom that people are fully rational .
In recent years , however , patent law widened enormously with the acceptance , in the United States , Australia , Japan , and Korea , of business-method patents -- that is , patents not on a technological process but on a way of doing business .
The choice of Bernanke , an accomplished scholar , apparently reflected Bush 's acceptance of the public 's expectation of a first-rate appointee .
By contrast , in recent decades central bankers in many countries have gradually won acceptance for the principle of independence from day-to-day political pressures .
This design helped spread the earthquake risk from Japan to foreign investors , who could accept the risk and were enticed by higher expected yields .
So accepting the essential randomness of life is terribly difficult , and contradicts our deep psychological need for order and accountability .
But they refuse to accept that this was the root cause of the crisis .
Zakaev looked ready to accept the proposal .
North Africa 's people know what they do n't want -- and wo n't accept .
And , as the Irish referendum showed , they do not readily accept unifying initiatives that would make the EU an autonomous center of power .
The first option would require coercion , and -- since countries will not accept that others should gain a competitive edge -- an international agreement to forego the benefits that genetic enhancement can bring .
That document states that to refuse a burdensome medical treatment `` is not the equivalent of suicide . '' On the contrary , such a refusal `` should be considered an acceptance of the human condition , or a wish to avoid the application of a medical procedure disproportionate to the results that can be expected , or a desire not to impose excessive expense on the family or the community . ''
By focusing on the narrower intention to refuse burdensome treatment , rather than the broader implications of the choice , the Roman Catholic Church is able to avoid the inhumane implication that patients must always accept life-prolonging treatment , no matter how painful or costly such treatment may be .
Diana might have had a better life in the US , where people and the media are more ready to accept good intentions at face value .
Yet in the same issue of The Lancet , Gavin Andrews and Nickolai Titov , researchers at the University of New South Wales , reported that Australians with depression are far less likely to receive an acceptable level of care than patients with arthritis or asthma .
In explaining why it was canceling Watson 's lecture , the Science Museum said that his remarks had gone `` beyond the point of acceptable debate . ''
Those without an acceptable excuse , like illness or travel abroad , must pay a small fine , but the number fined is less than 1 % of eligible voters .
Today , despite what happened in Rwanda and the former Yugoslavia -- and appeared to be on the verge of happening after the recent disputed election in Kenya -- no country openly accepts racist doctrines .
Public acceptance of ideas is itself progress of a kind , but what really matters is that it provides leverage that can be used to bring about more concrete progress .
Even if we were to accept all this , the problem remains unresolved .
The Spanish resolution marks the first official acceptance of that view .
When those expectations are disappointed , it is hard to accept having less than one had in the past .
Religious opposition notwithstanding , the use of IVF by infertile couples of normal reproductive age has been widely accepted around the world , and rightly so .
Becoming a mother at 70 is more acceptable for someone living in a joint family than it would be for Western couples living in their own home without close relatives or friends nearby .
At a symposium in Paris last month entitled `` New World , New Capitalism , '' Sarkozy described capitalism based on financial speculation as `` an immoral system '' that has `` perverted the logic of capitalism . '' He argued that capitalism needs to find new moral values and to accept a stronger role for governments .
It is surprising how readily politicians of all parties -- even strong ideological defenders of the unregulated market -- accepted the idea that the state should bail out banks and insurance companies when they got into trouble .
We seem to accept that to be struck by an earthquake , a tidal wave , or a hurricane is just bad luck -LRB- unless , as the American evangelist Pat Robertson suggested after the Haitian earthquake , your ancestors made a pact with the devil in order to free themselves from colonial rule -RRB- .
The most important lesson they teach impressionable young minds is that it is acceptable to keep animals in captivity for human amusement .
The hope of Internet anarchists was that repressive governments would have only two options : accept the Internet with its limitless possibilities of spreading information , or restrict Internet access to the ruling elite and turn your back on the twenty-first century , as North Korea has done .
In most of the world , it is accepted that if animals are to be killed for food , they should be killed without suffering .
We can also accept that al-Zawahiri is undoubtedly a dangerous foe , still active in a terrorist movement , and that he is a legitimate military target .
Nevertheless , the doctrine that it is acceptable to take actions that will foreseeably kill innocent people can have the effect of leading us to treat more lightly than we should the deaths of those killed .
Power today begins in the acceptance of the limits upon it .
The US must accept and candidly discuss the damaging consequences of its military , diplomatic , and political overreach -- of a `` war too far '' that has brought the region to its current ugly impasse .
Both leaders must accept that history is destiny , and that the irrefutable logic of geography is a determinant of it .
India must understand this troubled partnership , into which America entered with its eyes wide open , though it would help if the US accepted that India has paid -- and continues to pay -- a very high price on this account .
Only through such acceptance can the two countries chart a common future .
America 's acceptance of Iran 's current regime is grudging .
Not surprisingly , given the Americans ' deeply ingrained suspicion , the agreement reached earlier this year between Iran and Turkey and Brazil to allow for the export of low-enriched uranium from Iran in return for fuel rods was `` not acceptable '' to the US .
Indeed , after years of sanctions , threats , negotiations , and then more sanctions and threats , the US remains unclear about what specific nuclear program it might accept .
Even if Iranian nuclear weapons are not acceptable to the US , President Barack Obama needs to start talking more openly about what is .
The United States , in particular , shifted its stance significantly since its rejection of the Kyoto Protocol , even accepting that the United Nations will have to organize the future negotiations .
If the GDL gets a higher wage settlement than achieved in the general wage agreement for all railway workers , the general agreement will become invalid -- an outcome that the railway management can not accept under any conditions .
But is it really a wise and ethically acceptable strategy to burn food rather than eat it ?
So , whenever it came to restructuring the EU , they always accepted a level of influence that was small relative to their country 's size .
Former French President Jacques Chirac did not hesitate to justify this imbalance with a reference to World War II , which the Germans accepted .
In the next few decades , the biggest challenge for the world will be peace , because the changing economic power structure will require corresponding political changes , which the US , as the incumbent superpower , will not easily accept .
This enabled US banks to profit by offering low rates of return to foreign lenders while forcing foreign borrowers to accept high interest rates .
The US accepted the lower valuation of the renminbi as long as China returned the dollars that it earned from bilateral merchandise trade by financing America 's budget deficit .
A year ago , it vowed to stop accepting BBB - rated government securities as collateral for its monetary operations .
The ECB in turn draws the Target credit from the respective national central bank to which the money is flowing and which therefore has to accept a reduction in its scope for issuing refinancing credit .
Unless and until German workers accept the need for greater flexibility in the face of global competition , export profits will continue to be invested abroad , reducing overall production costs -- and reinforcing the bazaar economy at home .
The only realistic policy would be to cultivate an `` acceptable dictator . ''
Out of the government 's anti-inflationary efforts emerged the `` Lawson doctrine , '' first stated in 1984 and broadly accepted by governments and central banks ever since .
Suppose it was divided into independent political units of two million people each . That would mean 3,000 micro-states , each refusing to accept any sovereignty superior to its own .
LONDON -- All intellectual systems rely on assumptions that do not need to be spelled out because all members of that particular intellectual community accept them .
Can Russia renounce its imperial past and accept ordinary relations with newly independent neighbors like Ukraine and Georgia ?
Is it simply to accept the market 's will and impose the requisite pain on their people ?
Is the future one in which jobs are so scarce that many workers will have to accept a pittance to find any employment , and become increasingly dependent on social transfers as market-clearing wages fall below the subsistence level ?
Most free societies accept such limits as reasonable .
Banks grew out of a practice by gold smiths and silver smiths , who , for a small price , accepted deposits for safekeeping .
Any credible bailout plan must require creditor banks to accept that they will lose at least half of their money .
In the Greek case , creditors have yet to accept the need for write-offs , and European governments have provided them with no incentives to do so .
Members accept the obligation not to use force except in self-defense or unless it is authorized by the Security Council .
Jaruzelski was elected president , but he had to accept the new division of power .
During the Cold War , America was the natural leader of the Atlantic community , but the price of this leadership was that the US had to accept the autonomy and influence of its European allies .
The US must accept this principle , and recognize that Europe is a partner , not merely a servant , whether willing or unwilling , of American orders .
Coherent , well-defined , and precise proposals would produce results that are more acceptable to all .
Originally reluctant to accept a Europe with autonomous military capacity , the United Kingdom had learned from the intervention in Kosovo that the EU must be able to respond to crises rapidly and efficiently .
European governments are only now reluctantly accepting the need to scale back their over-representation in multilateral bodies , recognizing that it undermines rather than enhances the EU 's overall influence by pushing other powers into separate arrangements .
But that reconciliation did not last long : Google , after all , had accepted censorship from the beginning of its efforts in China , in 2006 , in order to gain entry into the Chinese market .
Born anti-capitalist , these parties all -LRB- to greater and lesser degrees -RRB- came to accept the free market as the foundation of the economy .
Italy 's investigating magistrates have consistently refused to accept the popularity and electoral power of a business tycoon whom they have tried to convict for many years .
At the same time , Brazil - which has followed sound economic policies and has healthy budget and trade surpluses - can not refinance its debt at acceptable rates .
For instance , the central banks of the US , Europe , Japan , and Britain could accept Brazilian paper at their discount windows .
Among other measures , it calls for an increase in the federal match for small contributions and would raise the spending limit for candidates who accept public funding to $ 75 million -- changes that would reduce the bias toward big-money donors .
Finally , there is acceptance of diversity , for `` when the soul of a nation finally speaks , the institutions that arise may reflect customs and traditions very different from our own .
Such proposals , if accepted , would help resolve the current dispute to everyone 's satisfaction .
Unfortunately , the American public accepted uncritically the war metaphor as the obvious response to 9\/11 .
By contrast , an open society accepts uncertainty , and it establishes laws and institutions that allow people with divergent views and interests to live together in peace .
Managements that are reluctant to accept the consequences of past mistakes could be penalized by depriving them of the Fed 's credit facilities .
Germany would consider the existing precedents , namely the EU 's budget and the composition of the ECB , unfair and unacceptable .
First and foremost , financial authorities must accept responsibility for preventing asset bubbles from growing too big .
Even so , financial authorities must accept the assignment : while they are bound to be wrong , feedback from the markets will tell them whether they have done too much or too little .
Banks must pay for their implicit government guarantee by using less leverage and accepting restrictions on how they invest depositors ' money .
It can no longer impose its will on others , as George W. Bush 's administration sought to do , but it could lead a cooperative effort to involve both the developed and the developing world , thereby reestablishing American leadership in an acceptable form .
As China becomes a world leader , it must transform itself into a more open society that the rest of the world is willing to accept as a world leader . Military power relations being what they are , China has no alternative to peaceful , harmonious development . Indeed , the future of the world depends on it .
The European authorities accepted a plan that would reduce the deficit gradually , but the markets were not reassured .
There have been mass protests and resistance from the old guard of the governing party , but the general public seems ready to accept austerity as long as it sees progress in correcting budgetary abuses -- and there are plenty of abuses to allow progress .
After the fall of the Berlin Wall , its leaders realized that German reunification was possible only in the context of a united Europe , and they were willing to make some sacrifices to secure European acceptance .
This fact was obscured until recently by the European Central Bank 's willingness to accept the sovereign debt of all eurozone members on equal terms at its discount window .
But the government would find it politically more acceptable to rescue German banks than Greece or Spain .
Since WWII , Europeans have found it unacceptable to subject any group to collective punishment or mass expulsion on the basis of ethnicity , so , in casting aside fundamental rights in the name of security , rounding up Roma sets a worrying precedent .
Since the Chinese government is the direct beneficiary of the currency surplus , it would need to have remarkable foresight to accept this diminution in its power and recognize the advantages of coordinating its economic policies with the rest of the world .
The reward would be acceptance by the rest of the world of China 's rise .
This is politically unacceptable .
Only if China pays closer attention to how it is perceived and accepted by the rest of the world can it continue to rise in a peaceful manner .
China 's leadership knows that it must fulfill its own people 's minimum expectations in order to maintain internal peace and stability ; now it must learn to make itself acceptable to the rest of the world in order to preserve external peace and stability .
The European Central Bank treated all member countries ' sovereign debt as essentially riskless , and accepted their government bonds at its discount window on equal terms .
The German public is a long way from accepting it ; yet it is clearly needed in order to reestablish a level playing field in Europe .
As a result , anyone who considers the status quo undesirable , unacceptable , or unsustainable has had to take an anti-European stance .
That is a role that Germany has been eager to avoid and remains unwilling to accept . But Germany has no real choice .
The EU 's member countries , and not only those in the eurozone , must accept that a new treaty is needed to save the euro .
? The Federal Reserve , the European Central Bank , the Bank of England and the Bank of Japan could accept at their discount windows designated treasury bill issues of selected countries .
The strength of the WTO lies in its enforcement mechanism which states are willing to accept because they want the benefits of trade .
They will not , however , accept it in other areas .
In the face of Western and , in particular , American skepticism about South Africa 's failure , and that of the Africa Union , to engineer an acceptable outcome to the Zimbabwean crisis , money may not be forthcoming .
It now seems universally accepted -LRB- often implicitly -RRB- that government should establish the structure and rules for the financial system , with participants then pursuing their self-interest within that framework .
If skeptics are right , then we should accept that we will periodically be out of financial and fiscal balance without knowing it in advance .
Thus , we should also accept the need for much more conservative fiscal positioning than was thought necessary even three years ago .
One error is to reject a true proposition ; the other is to accept a false one .
Let 's call them RWT -LRB- reject when true -RRB- and AWF -LRB- accept when false -RRB- .
A second position accepts that there are warning signs , but that they are so unreliable that responding to them would do more harm than good .
One can accept that there are costs to AWF .
The Bush and Obama administrations both understood that wise policymaking in crisis circumstances requires selecting the least bad option , accepting the inevitable anger and criticism , and implementing the decision quickly .
Still others accept that government could in principal do something useful , but believe that it normally does not , and that the risks outweigh the benefits .
By contrast , an IMF that attempted to act , say , as an international umpire of national exchange-rate policies would face insurmountable implementation and acceptance problems .
It fails to recognize that neither expanded peacekeeping nor efficiently delivered aid will achieve their desired ends until the Afghan public accepts the Karzai government as fairly representing its interests . Today it does not .
Neither the best-armed government nor the richest can long survive unless broad sections of their population accept its rule as legitimate .
With public opinion polls indicating that the AKP 's draft constitution , prepared by an academic committee , would be accepted through normal democratic procedures , the Chief Prosecutor acted to uphold the type of secularism enshrined in the 1982 Constitution , which many commentators liken to French secularism .
A presidential election at a moment of great uncertainty , and in the absence of experienced democratic parties or broadly accepted leaders , is filled with danger .
As the press started taking a closer look at Enron , the number of members of Congress who had accepted money from Enron became clear .
Since a country 's currency can be a reserve currency only if others are willing to accept it as such , time may be running out for the dollar .
SDRs are a kind of global money , issued by the IMF , which countries agree to accept and exchange for dollars or other hard currencies .
Clearly , the idea that those who emitted more in the past should get more emission rights for the future is unacceptable .
The social and economic consequences of the current arrangements should be unacceptable .
This , I believe , is unachievable , and its distributive consequences are unacceptable .
The existence of such negative incentives is why bankruptcy law in America allows bankruptcy judges discretion to force recalcitrant creditors to accept a resolution that is in the broader interest .
NEW YORK -- The mortgage debacle in the United States has raised deep questions about `` the rule of law , '' the universally accepted hallmark of an advanced , civilized society .
The consequence will almost surely be a slower recovery and an even longer delay before unemployment falls to acceptable levels .
The US pleads for understanding ; elections are coming in November , and voters in West Virginia and other states must be `` bribed '' to accept a new round of trade negotiations .
The response -- massive spending cuts -- ensures that unacceptably high levels of unemployment -LRB- a vast waste of resources and an oversupply of suffering -RRB- will continue , possibly for years .
Indeed , the most curious aspect of the ECB 's position was its threat not to accept restructured government bonds as collateral if the ratings agencies decided that the restructuring should be classified as a credit event .
If the bonds were acceptable as collateral before the restructuring , surely they were safer after the restructuring , and thus equally acceptable .
To be sure , there are costs in imposing such restrictions -- they may , for example , deter qualified individuals from accepting public employment -- and the restrictions seldom eliminate conflicts of interest altogether .
For example , both political parties in the US now accept the notion that when a country is in a recession , it is not only permissible , but even desirable , to run deficits .
No one ever doubted that the Euro would gain acceptance as a currency - in economists ' jargon , that the Euro would become an important `` medium of exchange , '' or even a good `` store of value . ''
The Europeans then agreed that Germany had not had its fair turn at the leadership of a major international organization , and so the choice was a simple one : a German acceptable to America would get the job .
American and rich country engineers and computer specialists will either have to accept a wage cut and\/or they will be forced into unemployment and\/or to seek other employment - almost surely at lower wages .
The result , often enough , is a climate within which managers begin to feel that it is acceptable to skirt the edges of the law or to fudge company accounts .
The abuses that have been documented at places such as Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo may not have been an inevitable consequence of the administration 's legal memos , but surely those memos increased enormously the likelihood that torture would be viewed as acceptable .
Both in America and elsewhere , much hinges on the outcome , for it is nothing less than a battle to force our leaders to accept responsibility for their actions .
It has often joined with the IMF in strong-arming countries into accepting this `` advice '' : unless they do , they will not only be cut off by the IMF and the World Bank , but also by other donors , and capital markets will be discouraged from providing funds .
The American president would choose the Bank 's head , and Europe would collectively decide on the IMF leader , with the understanding that the other side would exercise its veto only if a candidate were totally unacceptable .
It would have been helpful for Bush if the World Bank quietly accepted proposals to finance debt relief for the poorest countries by depleting its reserves , thereby making poor countries pay for the poorest by reducing the Bank 's lending capacity .
More accurately , tax cuts were what Wall Street wanted , and financial professionals were willing to accept any argument that served that purpose .
The questions posed by young French workers , who wonder how globalization will make them better off if it means accepting lower wages and weaker job protection , can no longer be ignored .
At every level , there is a consciousness of environmental limits and the realization that the resource-intensive consumption patterns now accepted in the United States would be a disaster for China -- and for the world .
Competition will force some to work harder , to become more efficient , or to accept lower profits .
By the time I left the Bank , these ideas were widely accepted , and I was pleased that Wolfowitz supported continuing the Bank 's efforts .
The problem with the Kyoto system is assigning caps that will be acceptable to developed and developing countries .
Kyoto 's underlying principle -- that countries that emitted more in 1990 are allowed to emit more in the future -- is unacceptable to developing countries , as is granting greater emission rights to countries with a higher GDP .
But adopting this principle would entail such huge payments from developed countries to developing countries , that , regrettably , the former are unlikely to accept it .
Yet , no one has proposed an acceptable set of principles for assigning emission rights .
Finally , workers all over the world took it on the chin , accepting lower real wages and a smaller share of GDP .
It is not clear whether workers will continue to accept declines in their living standards in the name of an unbalanced globalization whose promises seem ever more elusive .
Experience with standard-setting for toxic substances , and policy processes concerning the safety of various GM and energy technologies , shows that it would often be more accurate and useful to accept divergent expert interpretations , and focus instead on documenting the reasons underlying disagreement .
In addition , the absence of an IMF insurance facility with acceptable terms has been a major gap in the global financial architecture , especially for the more dynamic emerging-market economies .
The Chinese Communist Party remains committed to forcing Taiwan to accept the idea of ultimate `` reunification , '' while the Taiwanese remain determined to decide their own future .
Back in April , G-20 leaders accepted that investing in a low-carbon infrastructure , particularly energy services , is key to a truly sustainable economic and environmental future .
For the world 's poor , `` business as usual '' has never been an acceptable option .
But that means that international regulations will be needed to limit government intervention , or at least to define the circumstances in which it will be deemed acceptable .
Some in the Bush administration accept this argument , saying that they are happy to see Latin American democracies seeking influence where the United States can not . Latin America , it seems , is no longer held hostage by its demagogues and guerrillas .
So , two years after Kosovo 's independence , and a year after Russian troops wrenched Abkhazia and South Ossetia from Georgia , it is high time for diplomats and statesmen to provide some guidelines as to when and in what circumstances secession is likely to be acceptable .
Even if greed is ruled out as an acceptable motive , in favor of traditional ethno-cultural nationalism , a profusion of tiny tribal states might make the world far more unstable .
Given the interests of all the world 's great powers in stabilizing the Horn of Africa , there does seem to be movement toward accepting Somaliland 's claims .
Initially , the government accepted the ruling , but it was overturned by an Order-in-Council -LRB- an executive order from the Queen and not a law passed by Parliament -RRB- in 2004 .
But , when answering a parliamentary question that I put to the European Commission recently , the commissioner responsible for development policy , Andris Piebalgs , indicated that the Commission would consider any request from the UK for co-financing the Chagossians ' repatriation , which the EU fully and rightly accepts as a sovereign UK matter .
But reaching this figure will not be possible -- even if scaled back -- because the government seems unable to curb public spending and because the European Commission will not accept new budgetary subterfuges from Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti aimed at evading the constraints imposed by the Euro-zone 's Growth and Stability Pact .
By comparison , Sweden , with one-sixth the population of Italy , accepted the same number of asylum-seekers in 2009 .
In Algeria in 1991 , it was civil-society activists who called for a military intervention against the Islamists ; in Tunisia in 2011 , all political actors seem to accept that the Islamists ' democratic credentials must be tested through elections , and that the outcome must be respected .
In normal times , that is unacceptable to most citizens .
One might decide the matter by a show of hands , with the minority accepting the outcome favored by the majority as legitimate .
Of course , some extreme philosophical individualists believe that appealing to a greater collective is pure humbug , concocted to get voters to accept voluntary servitude .
But without deciding this philosophical issue , we can ask : what feature of our `` imagined communities '' persuades people to accept that they are free under a democratic regime , even when their will is overridden on important issues ?
The answer that we as individuals accept is that we are free because we rule ourselves in common , rather than being ruled by some agency that need not take account of us .
Such is the answer , valid or not , that people accept in democratic societies .
The crucial point is that regardless of who is right philosophically , it is only insofar as people accept some such appeal that the legitimacy principle underlying popular sovereignty can work to secure their consent .
Increased liquidity in international capital markets also reduced the need to obtain multilateral financing , and with it the need to accept conditions like privatization of natural resources and deregulation of public utilities .
Gbagbo 's refusal to accept defeat has met with a remarkable international rebuke .
The Economic Community of West African States -LRB- ECOWAS -RRB- strongly condemned any attempt to `` usurp the popular will of the people of Côte d'Ivoire and appeals to all stakeholders to accept the results declared by the electoral commission . ''
Aside from ignorance of the Lisbon Strategy among the public and inaction on long-term reforms among the member states , a second problem concerns the lack of acceptance of the virtues of competition -- the most effective way to ensure quality , innovation , and low prices for consumers .
It does n't help that the two countries share the longest disputed frontier in the world , since the LAC has never been formally delineated in a manner accepted by both sides .
India 's borders were defined by British imperial administrators in 1913 -- the MacMahon Line , which China rejects -LRB- though it accepts that line as its frontier with Burma , which was then part of British India -RRB- .
India understands , though , that the collateral damage would be too high , the price in civilian lives unacceptable , and the risks of the conflict spiraling out of control too acute to contemplate such an option .
Coalition politics gives representation to the myriad interests that make up a diverse and complex society , and ensures that the country as a whole accepts the policies ultimately adopted .
NEW DELHI -- As stage-managed elections ratify the consequences of three decades of military rule in Burma , the perspective from its neighbor India may help explain why there is continued international acceptance of the country 's long-ruling junta .
Though Indian politics is hardly immune to the appeal of sectarianism , its people have come to accept the idea of India as one land embracing many differences of caste , creed , color , culture , cuisine , conviction , costume , and custom , yet still rallying around a democratic consensus .
Even the possibility that five tense , exciting , hotly-contested , and occasionally meandering days of cricketing could still end in a draw seems derived from ancient Indian philosophy , which accepts that in life the journey is as important as the destination .
True , many of these studies document the short-term , and in some cases the long-term , effects of various treatments , and generally with an acceptable trade-off between efficacy and safety .
To provide additional incentives to abide by the rules , the ECB could refuse to accept debt issued under national ratings as collateral .
Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi declared in June 2004 that Iran `` wo n't accept any new obligations , '' and must `` be recognized by the international community as a member of the nuclear club . ''
Indeed , it was the display of the box among the artifacts that the Hiroshima museum lent to the American institution that made the exhibition unacceptable to the former `` heroes . ''
Everywhere and at all times , being civilized means being able to recognize and accept the humanity of others , despite their different modes of living .
That may seem like an obvious point , but it is not universally accepted .
In a way , this reveals a paradox of Latin American democracy : exclusive , minority governments that devalue and weaken the state are no longer acceptable , while the rise of personalismo -- a concentration of power and coupled with refractory political tactics -- are bringing about fragmentation and unruly governance .
If we fail to accept that simple fact , come the 2012 elections , we will find ourselves right back where we were after the disputed elections of 2007 .
And what would Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga say if Gbagbo asks him why he - unlike Alassane Ouatarra , whom the AU recognizes as Côte d'Ivoire 's rightful president - accepted a power-sharing agreement after a 2007 disputed presidential election ?
Russia 's leaders clearly recognize the country 's true current condition , so they accept the need to concentrate on vital interests .
At some point , Putin and Medvedev will have to decide . Either they give priority to the survival of the current system and accept Russia 's steady marginalization , or they start opening up the system , putting its survival at risk .
In light of all the evidence , I can not accept the Presidential election results in which Robert Mugabe , the sitting president , was declared a winner this month with 56 % of the 3 million votes tallied .
And at regulatory agencies like Britain 's Financial Services Authority -LRB- which I lead -RRB- , the belief that financial innovation and increased market liquidity were valuable because they complete markets and improve price discovery was not just accepted ; it was part of the institutional DNA .
And regulation to increase market transparency was not only acceptable , but a central tenet of the doctrine , since transparency , like financial innovation , was believed to complete markets and help generate increased liquidity and price discovery .
Interests and ideology often interact in ways so subtle that is difficult to disentangle them , the influence of interests being achieved through an unconsciously accepted ideology .
We must not tolerate a system of nuclear apartheid , in which it is considered legitimate for some states to possess nuclear arms but patently unacceptable for others to seek to acquire them .
In time , every government will come to accept the basic inhumanity of threatening to obliterate entire cities with nuclear weapons .
In addition , we call on the African Union , with the support of the United Nations , to send an investigative mission to Zimbabwe to determine what additional measures may be required to carry out the internationally accepted `` responsibility to protect . ''
One consequence of this is that Ukrainians are often shy about asserting Ukraine 's independent interests plainly -- exemplified by Ukraine 's acceptance of a deal that leaves its energy future so insecure .
If Russia is to be a serious partner for Europe , it must be ready to accept the obligations of stability along with the benefits .
There must be accepted rules that are binding on everyone in politics , so that whoever does not accept or obey them is disqualified .
This is all the more remarkable insofar as the principle of competition on which it relies has taken root in a country where competition within the area of public services has not generally been accepted .
Cap-and-trade mechanisms that put a price on industrial CO2 emissions gain international acceptance .
Omar Suleiman 's appointment as Vice-President -LRB- and heir-apparent -RRB- indicates that the army has accepted that Mubarak must leave sooner or later .
By hinting strongly that its $ 1.5 billion in largely military aid would be withheld in the event of unacceptable levels of repression , the US revealed that the post-Mubarak era is already being contemplated .
It is still too soon , however , to conclude that Europeans have finally overcome their fear of Arab democracy and will not be tempted to accept milder forms of `` liberal authoritarianism '' should the crisis drag on or a military takeover occur .
In short , it must accept a Palestinian state , through deeds as well as words .
A bumpy ride is acceptable as long as the landing is smooth .
The main contribution of the zones was to experiment with market forces in a limited , and therefore politically acceptable , way before applying their lessons across the country .
He accepted this risk as the price to be paid in order to improve the economic welfare of ordinary Chinese .
Unlike Deng , they will not find them acceptable .
But they also recognized that the country 's sizable , and economically powerful , Chinese and Indian minorities , among other groups , were critical to the country 's development and should be persuaded to accept the new Malay-led state as their own .
Once the Chinese recognized their place as newcomers , they had to accept that becoming full nationals of the new nation state was a status that needed to be earned .
The heads of the 27 EU governments also characterized the Kremlin 's decision to recognize the independence of the two breakaway regions as `` unacceptable . ''
The hope is that the Taliban leadership is not cohesive -- that , whereas some of its members are probably committed to al-Qaeda 's absolutist ideology , others might accept a compromise settlement .
Karzai and Western leaders have repeatedly insisted that their reconciliation offer does not extend to al-Qaeda members , who are seen as alien foreign elements whose extremist convictions and past terrorist activities make them unacceptable negotiating partners .
Although al-Qaeda and the Taliban are united in their desire to expel Western troops from Afghanistan and reestablish a strict Islamic government in which they enjoy a monopoly of political and religious power , some Taliban leaders might accept more moderate goals .
They could easily imitate the North Vietnamese strategy of professing to accept a compromise peace settlement in order to secure a foreign military withdrawal . They then could resume offensive operations against the still weak Afghan Security Forces , which have yet to demonstrate much military effectiveness .
The plan fell apart when some major IMF shareholders could not accept the burden-sharing arrangements that would be necessary in case of losses due to exchange-rate movements .
Several years ago , the president of one of the prestigious Indian Institutes of Technology effectively banned undergraduates from accepting academic or business internships overseas .
The most effective way of dealing with a newly assertive Russia will be for Europe to issue a collective refusal to accept a bipolar Europe of distinct Russian and EU spheres of influence .
Using RMB appreciation as the primary tool to fight inflation implies accepting a temporarily higher unemployment rate now in exchange for a permanently lower unemployment rate in the future . This is because manufactured exports are typically more labor-intensive than investment projects .
Adherence to the NPT has increased steadily , reaching a stage of near universal acceptance .
In South Africa , the creators asked for -- and got -- a puppet that was an HIV-positive child , since acceptance of such kids was a lesson that local educators told the New York team they needed to teach .
Today 's explosion of conspiracy theories has been stoked by the same conditions that drove their acceptance in the past : rapid social change and profound economic uncertainty .
On the other hand , the United States and the European Union have formally accepted Russia as a `` market economy , '' a status that makes it less likely that other market economies will impose `` anti-dumping '' tariffs or other protectionist measures on Russia 's exports .
They fear the future , because the future means either market-oriented reforms or further economic and political downgrading , both of which are seen as unacceptable , if only because they clash with French self-esteem .
If a reform is as good as we think it is , then so is public debt to finance its political acceptability .
Under the state censorship system , most discussions are limited to politically acceptable topics , such as legal reform and anti-corruption efforts .
To prevent fraud , an acute problem in the past , the new law established a `` right of rescission , '' whereby the receiver can ask courts to rescind any action by a debtor that involves fraud , evasion , or unfair liquidation in the prescribed period before a bankruptcy petition is accepted and assets recovered . The system now holds the key to fairness liquidation .
For example , the Chinese government reiterated its core diplomatic principle of non-intervention in other countries ' affairs during the Libya crisis , yet China accepted the imposition of United Nations ' sanctions on Muammar Qaddafi 's government .
With open borders , Hamas would secure its regime in Gaza and build its popularity in the West Bank , putting enormous pressure on Abbas , the leader of the rival Fatah movement , to accept a national unity government on terms set by Hamas .
If Hamas comes out ahead , Abbas 's allies in other Palestinian factions will press him to accept Hamas and Islamic Jihad within the PLO .
But if Israel forces Hamas to accept its conditions for border controls and a formal ceasefire , Hamas 's image as the guardian of Palestinian resistance will be severely damaged .
Palestinians will recognize Hamas 's acceptance of a multi-year truce with Israel as a sign of defeat , which would also underscore Palestinian feelings of humiliation and abandonment .
They may now seek a deeper connection to their Muslim identity , but , having learned to question authority , they are unlikely to accept rigid parental or Islamic traditions .
Communism never stopped Arab regimes opposed by the United States from accepting arms supplies from the Soviet-era Russians , but it did prevent Russia from securing the kind of intimate influence that America had secured with its regional allies .
If Saudi Wahhabis accept democratic procedures , Wahhabism will be forced to change its guiding attitudes and principles .
This could help the Taliban accept negotiations -- and perhaps even renounce violence -- if Saudi money is deployed to assist Taliban fighters create new lives for themselves .
The reformers have less authority but are the acceptable face of the Saudi dictatorship internationally .
And if a well-placed official wanted to enter into a successful business , refusals were not accepted .
For months , wise and responsible people had exhorted Israel to accept the ceasefire that the Hamas leadership in Gaza had proposed .
That is the kind of friend I want at my side , not one who automatically approves of whatever I do , declares his love for me , and accepts me as I am .
Even Egypt , a great and sovereign nation , accepted demilitarization of Sinai as a part of its peace process with Israel .
For more than 60 years , the two groups have managed to live together in an acceptable manner , confronting with relative dignity the inferno of terrorism and the occupation of the West Bank and Gaza strip .
Instead of helping us and the Israelis reach a solution acceptable to all -- two states for two peoples -- you do everything to exacerbate the conflict .
Demonstrations and meetings were organized . Posters were hung everywhere to remember the number of days of his ordeal . But the Shalit family is given the most credit : they left their home in a small village in Galilee to camp out for more than a year near the prime minister 's residence in Jerusalem , reminding the Israeli public of the victim 's suffering and pushing the government to accept Hamas 's conditions .
Unlike the first group , they would be ready to accept the release of one Palestinian prisoner -- even if he were responsible for the most brutal terrorist attack -- but not a thousand of them .
Israel is , of course , resigned to its numerical inferiority , and will continue to train its soldiers in order to overcome this deficit . As a result , one prisoner in exchange for a thousand Palestinian prisoners is neither a humiliation nor a surrender , but an acceptable agreement that acknowledges , even on behalf of the enemy , the military capacity of Israeli soldiers .
Likewise , European states accept the common norms and rules of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , and are almost always prepared to be regulated by them .
The US has made it clear that it will not accept a president close to Hezbollah or Syria .
While America will not bargain with Syria over the election , it would probably accept a candidate with whom Syria feels comfortable , provided he is acceptable across the political spectrum .
The US must also calculate what the Europeans will accept .
Precisely because gays seem so accepted , the arrests sent a disturbing message .
As I watched , a European next to me explained that such dancing is accepted , so long as the contact between the men is left undefined .
In Ghana and in much of Africa , a culture of silence exists around same-sex love - a culture that many Westerners , raised on a belief in rights and openness - find unacceptable .
Both Lehman Brothers and Tokyo Electric Power Company -LRB- TEPCO -RRB- were able to increase their profits as long as the risk they were willing to accept did not materialize .
One conservative estimate -- which has a reasonable chance of being accepted precisely because it is conservative -- calls for $ 50 billion per year as of 2015 , increasing to $ 100 billion by 2020 and beyond .
This was one of the major reasons for Japan 's acceptance of the change .
The leaks supposedly unveil a Chinese readiness to accept the reunification of Korea in favor of South Korea .
We will not solve this crisis , or put in place sustainable long-term solutions , by accepting a two-tier world .
