At every turn , Russia has challenged Western efforts to facilitate Kosovo 's independence . After a year of negotiations between Serbia and Kosovo , President Vladimir Putin 's Kremlin rejected the UN mediator 's report recommending supervised independence , prevented the Security Council from accepting that report , and insisted on three additional months of negotiations between Serbia and Kosovo -- even after compromise became impossible .
By accepting European demands for democratic reform as a pre-condition for EU membership , Erdogan played a liberalizing role , reinforcing his claim that his party represents a genuinely democratic option for a Muslim-majority country B indeed , that it is an Islamic version of the Christian Democratic parties that have long dominated Europe 's political right .
In line with the Islamic tradition of accepting the `` People of the Book , '' the young sultan granted amnesty to the patriarchate .
Frequently , governments need to be coaxed into accepting the inevitability of compromise , thanks to pressure from below .
After failing to moderate Bashir into accepting a secular decentralized or confederate Sudan , Egypt , a key Arab player concerned about the stability of its southern border , has come to accept the inevitability of secession -- so long as the new state lines up with it on the issue of the Nile 's waters .
Egypt had to grant Israel only political recognition , but the Palestinians are being asked to recognize Israel 's moral legitimacy by accepting Jewish links to the Holy Land and hence admitting the Jews ' millenarian claim for a state in a land that the Palestinians believe is historically theirs .
The False Promise of `` Targeted '' Sanctions Despite his bellicose rhetoric , George W. Bush would very much like to avoid a choice between air strikes on Iranian nuclear sites and accepting a nuclear Iran .
But unless a sea change occurs in Iranian domestic politics , they will merely postpone the difficult -LRB- and increasingly likely -RRB- choice between military action and accepting a nuclear Iran .
India agreed to begin talking again with its neighbor , accepting Pakistan 's argument that it , too , was a victim of terrorism .
While accepting the project 's impeccable legal credentials , its opponents nevertheless demand that it be relocated on the grounds that even fully lawful conduct may be offensive to a group of citizens .
But turnout apart , we have become accustomed to accepting that parties or candidates who receive 25 % of the popular vote are `` winners . ''
But the task of finding , appointing , and accepting independent judges remains .
This often means accepting that optimal and best-practice economic policies are not attainable -- or , indeed , even desirable .
Kerry and a growing number of Americans recognize that accepting limits on US power and the use of military force are a precondition for America 's ultimate security , that what binds can also strengthen , and that such limits will reinforce America 's ability to tackle the crisis in Iraq .
Immediate debt restructuring on a grand scale , biting the bullet and accepting a few painful years of retrenchment .
The first was that Russia has reestablished a `` sphere of interest '' in Europe , where countries are no longer allowed to pursue their own goals without Moscow accepting them .
The more positive argument -- as Rabin would certainly have understood -- is that it is overwhelmingly in Israel 's own interest to defuse this issue by accepting , once and for all , that Palestinian statehood is an indispensable requirement of its own long-term peace and security .
The threatening country would then have to choose whether to accepting a humiliating defeat and stay , or stand on `` principle '' and leave .
Thus , when Russia banned imports of Belarusian dairy products -LRB- in an attempt to punish Lukashenko for accepting a $ 2,000,000,000 credit but not fulfilling his promise to recognize South Ossetia and Abkhazia -RRB- , Lukashenko refused to attend a CSTO summit or join its collective agreement for the establishment of an operational response force .
That means accepting and dealing with globalization .
The US government is thus essentially being paid in real terms to take investors ' money -- a generous offer that it is accepting on a huge scale , in the hope that channeling these resources to American consumers will boost household spending and thus generate more jobs .
The United States , for one , will not accept ceilings that reduce its greenhouse-gas emissions significantly if it means accepting higher costs and taxes that risk slowing economic recovery .
But not acting , in effect accepting Iran 's nuclear might , risks bringing about a more dangerous and possibly costlier future .
In effect , by not accepting Saudi largesse the militant will be keeping food off his own family 's table -- a powerful restraint in a culture and religion in which parents are highly regarded and respected .
But , instead of accepting China 's olive branch , Koizumi implemented a more nationalistic agenda , including annual visits to the Yasukuni Shine , which is regarded as a symbol of Japanese militarism by Japan 's neighbors .
President-elect Obama has shown pragmatism and realism , and seems to understand that accepting limitations is not weakness ; refusal to acknowledge reality is .
Putin 's promise to restore national self-respect , shattered by Russia 's bitter loss of superpower status in 1991 , is centered around cowing Europe into submissively accepting Russia 's sphere of `` privileged interest '' in the post-Soviet nations .
Comparing the human losses of Finland and Estonia throughout the 20 ` th century , it is clear that trying to avoid conflict and accepting paper guarantees imposed greater losses in percentage terms on us than on Finland .
Yet it makes clear the basic philosophy of `` Kemalism '' -LRB- the ruling ideas of Kemal Ataturk -RRB- which say that to survive and prosper a country must become part of modern civilization , accepting much of what is distinctively western , including equal rights for women , teaching modern science , and disestablishing religion so that it no longer plays a part in government or the legal process .
In exchange for the US assuming the responsibilities of system maintenance , serving as market of last resort , and accepting the international role of the dollar , its key economic partners , Western Europe and Japan , acquiesced in the special privileges enjoyed by the US -- seigniorage gains , domestic macroeconomic-policy autonomy , and balance-of-payments flexibility .
This agreement includes including collaborating or not with the Taliban , cooperating with the Coalition forces , accepting or refusing poppy eradication in a village .
When alternatives become difficult to find , the compensation requested for accepting an illegal transaction falls .
The military 's belief that Malay Muslims could be re-educated and re-socialized into accepting a Thai identity has proved untenable .
It would be hard to imagine Franklin Roosevelt or Ronald Reagan accepting a similar relative position .
The majority though , in one way or another , had some contact with communism , through intellectual fascination , participation in state institutions , or the cold conviction that only by accepting the reality of life under communism could one do something useful for one 's country .
The CPA , and the world community , must not prejudice the outcome of their efforts by accepting a facile and bogus view of Iraqi society .
The other alternative to a rebirth of `` containment '' would consist in accepting the Russian argument , or more precisely , Russian `` emotions . ''
But the party never debated or theorized this choice , simply accepting former Prime Minister Lionel Jospin 's claim that the fiscal stability and financial modernization resulting from the decision was but a `` parenthesis . ''
In announcing that it would stop accepting donations for the victims of the tsunami after collecting ¤ 40 million for that purpose , Médecins Sans Frontières noted its urgent need for funds for such man-made catastrophes as Darfur in Sudan and for the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Is Putin risking his political future by accepting a formally secondary role and making himself accountable for all socio-economic policy ?
But , in view of recent scientific discoveries , has feminist resistance to accepting any signs of innate gender difference only created new biases ?
It is a civil war within Islam between a majority of normal people and a small minority who want to coerce others into a accepting a highly ideological and politicized version of their religion .
But , as Barack Obama said in accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 , `` we must begin by acknowledging the hard truth that we will not eradicate violent conflict in our lifetimes .
As US President Barack Obama said when accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 , `` We must begin by acknowledging the hard truth that we will not eradicate violent conflict in our lifetimes .
We all look to the next US president to re-engage with the world community and international organizations , accepting that even a superpower should accept the rules that apply to others .
In this way , both the Israelis and the Palestinians share a secret fear -- for some , a belief -- that each has no intention of accepting the other 's right to a country of their own .
This would require accepting massive losses on public and private debt , as well as enormous transfer payments that boost the periphery 's income while its output stagnates .
If Arafat had taken this road - accepting Israel 's existence , ending terrorism , and confronting Palestinian extremists - the conflict would have ended long ago .
But realism in international economic affairs requires accepting that official development assistance can help achieve the broad political objectives of stability and democracy only in the long run .
The roots of failure lie in the US and Israeli governments ' belief that military force and financial repression can lead to peace on their terms , rather than accepting a compromise on terms that the Middle East , the rest of the world , and , crucially , most Israelis and Palestinians , accepted long ago .
In describing the tribunal as part of an Israeli plot , Nasrallah warned the government and other parties in Lebanon against cooperating with it , or accepting its verdicts .
Before July 's protests , they hoped that Hong Kong would provide so attractive an example of the idea of `` One Country , Two Systems '' that Taiwan would be lured into accepting the sovereignty of the government in Beijing .
The Chinese Communists insist that being Chinese means accepting the political reality of a sole Communist sovereign .
Indeed , many Taiwanese think that , if being Chinese means accepting all that goes under the name of Mao Zedong and the Chinese Communist Party , they will gladly deny their `` Chineseness '' than assume some of that shame .
The insurance industry can , and should , respond to the tsunami disaster by accepting the moral imperative to take concerted action to expand risk coverage .
It might be more accurate to say that public attention is over-focused on some recent price changes , or over-accepting of some high market values .
So accepting the essential randomness of life is terribly difficult , and contradicts our deep psychological need for order and accountability .
The United States , in particular , shifted its stance significantly since its rejection of the Kyoto Protocol , even accepting that the United Nations will have to organize the future negotiations .
A year ago , it vowed to stop accepting BBB - rated government securities as collateral for its monetary operations .
European governments are only now reluctantly accepting the need to scale back their over-representation in multilateral bodies , recognizing that it undermines rather than enhances the EU 's overall influence by pushing other powers into separate arrangements .
Banks must pay for their implicit government guarantee by using less leverage and accepting restrictions on how they invest depositors ' money .
The German public is a long way from accepting it ; yet it is clearly needed in order to reestablish a level playing field in Europe .
The Bush and Obama administrations both understood that wise policymaking in crisis circumstances requires selecting the least bad option , accepting the inevitable anger and criticism , and implementing the decision quickly .
To be sure , there are costs in imposing such restrictions -- they may , for example , deter qualified individuals from accepting public employment -- and the restrictions seldom eliminate conflicts of interest altogether .
It has often joined with the IMF in strong-arming countries into accepting this `` advice '' : unless they do , they will not only be cut off by the IMF and the World Bank , but also by other donors , and capital markets will be discouraged from providing funds .
The questions posed by young French workers , who wonder how globalization will make them better off if it means accepting lower wages and weaker job protection , can no longer be ignored .
Finally , workers all over the world took it on the chin , accepting lower real wages and a smaller share of GDP .
Given the interests of all the world 's great powers in stabilizing the Horn of Africa , there does seem to be movement toward accepting Somaliland 's claims .
One might decide the matter by a show of hands , with the minority accepting the outcome favored by the majority as legitimate .
Several years ago , the president of one of the prestigious Indian Institutes of Technology effectively banned undergraduates from accepting academic or business internships overseas .
Using RMB appreciation as the primary tool to fight inflation implies accepting a temporarily higher unemployment rate now in exchange for a permanently lower unemployment rate in the future . This is because manufactured exports are typically more labor-intensive than investment projects .
Communism never stopped Arab regimes opposed by the United States from accepting arms supplies from the Soviet-era Russians , but it did prevent Russia from securing the kind of intimate influence that America had secured with its regional allies .
We will not solve this crisis , or put in place sustainable long-term solutions , by accepting a two-tier world .
