Notwithstanding the opinion polls , it does seem as though the public not only accepts his conviction , but that they respect it as the outcome of a fair system that has been allowed to work .
After all , nobody accepts Israel 's claim to oppose as a matter of principle the establishment of a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza .
A denomination has the characteristics of a church , into which one is born , but individuals adhere to it voluntarily and it accepts other denominations ' right to exist .
China 's Cyber-Warriors NEW DELHI -- The world now accepts that protecting our atmosphere , hydrosphere , lithosphere , and biosphere -- the `` global commons '' -- is the responsibility of all countries .
This is particularly so if one accepts - as I do - intervention in the internal affairs of countries in order to prevent genocide or the murderous suppression of minorities and opposition groups .
Nevertheless , while a free society recognizes limits to inequality , it also accepts that inequality exists , for it provides hope for many by showing what one might achieve with ability and luck -- or perhaps even luck alone .
A multicultural society that accepts every taboo of its diverse groups would have little to talk about .
But if the Fed refuses to accommodate inflation produced by a dollar collapse and accepts a depression in the belief that the long-run benefits of maintaining its credibility as a guarantor of price stability will come before we are all dead , American equities will suffer .
President Kostunica also accepts the need to cooperate with the Hague but is more concerned to protect the country 's sovereignty and preserve a semblance of national dignity .
Of course , a return to the Europe of the 1930s is not in the offing . The new right accepts capitalism and modernity , and it mostly avoids anti-Semitism .
Anti-Semites often cite a passage in Matthew in which a Jewish crowd cheers for Christ 's execution and voluntarily accepts permanent guilt : `` His blood be on us and on our children . ''
If the Arabs believe their own argument that Zionism is colonialism , with themselves as the victims , then , whether or not anybody else accepts this view , the lessons that the Arabs glean from colonial experiences become relevant to prospects for peace between Arabs and Israelis .
The Muslim Brotherhood should be allowed to participate in the political process so long as it accepts the legitimacy of that process , the rule of law , and the constitution .
Physics even accepts the idea that entropy defines the direction of time .
On the other hand , the freely elected Palestinian leadership faces international boycott until it accepts a solution that the Netanyahu government rejects .
He could also be tried before a national court in a country that accepts the idea of universal jurisdiction , as happened in Spain as well as in the United Kingdom in the case of Chile 's former dictator , General Augusto Pinochet .
Almost daily , the United States and Europe brandish threats to impose economic sanctions or cut off development assistance unless some vulnerable government accepts their political strictures .
Today , despite what happened in Rwanda and the former Yugoslavia -- and appeared to be on the verge of happening after the recent disputed election in Kenya -- no country openly accepts racist doctrines .
By contrast , an open society accepts uncertainty , and it establishes laws and institutions that allow people with divergent views and interests to live together in peace .
A second position accepts that there are warning signs , but that they are so unreliable that responding to them would do more harm than good .
It fails to recognize that neither expanded peacekeeping nor efficiently delivered aid will achieve their desired ends until the Afghan public accepts the Karzai government as fairly representing its interests . Today it does not .
But , when answering a parliamentary question that I put to the European Commission recently , the commissioner responsible for development policy , Andris Piebalgs , indicated that the Commission would consider any request from the UK for co-financing the Chagossians ' repatriation , which the EU fully and rightly accepts as a sovereign UK matter .
India 's borders were defined by British imperial administrators in 1913 -- the MacMahon Line , which China rejects -LRB- though it accepts that line as its frontier with Burma , which was then part of British India -RRB- .
Coalition politics gives representation to the myriad interests that make up a diverse and complex society , and ensures that the country as a whole accepts the policies ultimately adopted .
Even the possibility that five tense , exciting , hotly-contested , and occasionally meandering days of cricketing could still end in a draw seems derived from ancient Indian philosophy , which accepts that in life the journey is as important as the destination .
That is the kind of friend I want at my side , not one who automatically approves of whatever I do , declares his love for me , and accepts me as I am .
