Assad compared the situations in Lebanon and Iraq , insisting that Iraq could achieve what Lebanon had already accomplished two decades before , namely the forced withdrawal by American and British troops in the face of steadfast , bloody resistance .
Europe must be more than a vehicle of economic integration , which is almost accomplished anyway .
Preemption by Gazprom has been accomplished through a raft of acquisitions .
In one stroke , Putin has jeopardized his considerable accomplishments .
Ukraine needs early parliamentary elections , but that is constitutionally difficult to accomplish .
Nobody has ever accomplished this , but ITER may be able to try around 2030 -- that is , if it solves the previous problem .
In a few short weeks , the Libyan opposition has been able to win the support of the population in the east without accomplishing much more than forming a provisional political body .
The hardest challenge will be for economies mired in oligarchic capitalism to accomplish a similar transition .
Bush 's New Middle East President George W. Bush 's declaration of `` mission accomplished '' in Iraq five years ago was as hubristic as his current assessment that the `` surge '' has `` delivered a major strategic victory in the broader war on terror '' is a fantasy .
History 's judgment of the Iraq war will therefore certainly dwell more on whether it has accomplished its strategic objectives of `` reconstructing '' a highly dysfunctional Middle East in America 's democratic image and consolidating America 's hegemonic position in the region than on its price in blood and money .
But , while this theme continues to play well in Washington , no serious scholar buys into it , owing to the compelling refutations published in 1992 by Robert Feenstra , the most accomplished trade policy empiricist today , and in 1994 by Stanford 's Paul Romer .
If taken seriously , these rules will accomplish nothing , except to force migrants and their prospective employers to find other ways to each other .
We have failed to understand that a North American Free Trade Area -LRB- NAFTA -RRB- that achieves its full potential can not be accomplished on the cheap .
Whether monetary union was necessary to accomplish that aim is debatable .
With Bin Laden 's death , the US could argue that the mission begun almost ten years ago has been accomplished .
But is the mission really accomplished ?
This astounding accomplishment has played a key role in leading various national and international governments and organizations , including the WHO , Rotary International , and the Gates Foundation , to mount efforts to eradicate many other infectious diseases , such as measles , malaria , and polio .
Friedman 's voice was a skeptical breath of fresh air at a time when the reigning viewpoint was a kind of smug pseudo-socialism that did not recognize the astounding power of markets to accomplish desirable aims .
He also accomplished , in a somewhat round-about way , another goal : showing the flag , so to speak , in the face of the mounting challenge from Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez , who , thanks to virtually unlimited supplies of oil dollars and Cuban doctors and foot-soldiers , is riding high across Latin America .
If so , the question for India will be whether this is accomplished by reducing the international space that the country gained under Bush .
Unraveling how the bears accomplish this miraculous feat may offer hope to the estimated 1.5 million people worldwide receiving treatment for kidney failure .
In principle , this can be accomplished elsewhere .
Both Bush and Blair want to leave Iraq , if not with a victory , then at least with some sense of `` mission accomplished . ''
Such a strategy might even lead to an outcome about which those who want Iraq to join a free world can genuinely say : mission accomplished .
Monetary union has been accomplished .
The early industrial-era economic accomplishments occurred despite the loss of a substantial proportion of national income to support a corrupt , decadent , and profligate aristocracy .
How , exactly , did these accomplishments occur ?
They expect Lula to accomplish the equivalent of Nixon 's trip to China -- to be the leftist who hard-headedly balances Brazil 's budget , eliminates foreign investors ' fear of debt repudiation via hyperinflation , and gives them fat capital gains on their Brazilian stocks and bonds .
Full employment is better than high unemployment if it can be accomplished without inflation , Greenspan thought .
Presidents ' futures -- their ability to win re-election , to accomplish other policy goals , and to leave a respectable legacy -- hinge on the economy 's strength .
Nationalizing Fannie and Freddie , and using them to peg the price of mortgages , would have been the cleanest and easiest way to accomplish that .
While there were some singular bilateral accomplishments , such as the adoption of the US-India civil nuclear energy deal , the US has been perceived to be less effective in dealing with the region 's burgeoning multilateral frameworks .
It is regrettable that , instead of rising to the challenge of developing agriculture in a way that is more socially and environmentally sustainable , we act as if accelerating the destruction of the global peasantry could be accomplished responsibly .
All this was to be accomplished using small `` backyard steel furnaces '' operated by ordinary people with no particular technical expertise .
When Brazil hit the ropes , it imported Arminio Fraga , a senior trader for the financier George Soros , who quickly imposed himself and accomplished miracles .
Germans should look to Brussels as a liberating force to accomplish what would otherwise be politically impossible at home .
These tasks can not be accomplished unilaterally -- multilateral cooperation is indispensable .
But the French never explained exactly how restoration of the gold standard might be accomplished , or how it would translate into price and economic stability , given gold markets ' volatility and the disastrous consequences of the gold standard -- not least in France -- in the 1930 's .
But structural reforms can not be accomplished overnight .
But I also suspect that their heads are cautioning against spending a lot of money in an attempt to accomplish a difficult , if not impossible , task .
Civil peace in these areas was one of the few accomplishments of which contemporary Russia could be proud .
Despite the extraordinary scientific and medical accomplishments in the battle against HIV\/AIDS so far , history will judge us by what we accomplish in the next quarter-century , and how we respond to the challenge of delivering the fruits of our research efforts to those who need them most .
This is , of course , a formidable task that may have to be accomplished at a time when Congress opposes monetary tightening .
Indeed , US military withdrawal from Iraq can be accomplished without causing a major regional catastrophe only if America manages to establish such a minimum of regional stability .
The EU and its member states -- particularly Spain , France , Germany , and Italy -- should make this new form of energy production and cooperation the key project of the Mediterranean partnership , and must ensure the necessary political conditions to accomplish it rapidly .
If in these times of militarily-accomplished regime change real sovereignty can only be guaranteed by nuclear arms , why not go this route ?
It is not clear what this would accomplish in light of the Secretary 's declaration that he would resign not as an expression of guilt but only if he can no longer be `` effective . ''
True , freewheeling American-style capitalism has not acquitted itself proudly of late . And America 's military superiority has not proved all that useful in accomplishing American ends .
But it would be best for all to pause a moment , contemplate T3 in Beijing , consider what it represents , and reflect on what an accomplishment the quick completion of such an iconic structure is for an emerging country like China .
With different tools -- including a profound restructuring of its foreign debt -- and less discipline , Argentina accomplished a similar fiscal turnaround .
If the anti-democratic tendencies win out , all that we have accomplished in previous years will be jeopardized -- including stability itself .
Moreover , Russia 's default and devaluation in 1998 undermined the progress that was accomplished -- starting in 1996 -- in the banking sector and the capital markets in general .
The fact that so many problems persist despite tens of billions of dollars of assistance and years of effort is a sad reminder that aid can allow governments to undertake foolish investments that accomplish little , or can easily be siphoned off by corrupt officials .
There are limits to what Russia can accomplish in the world in any positive sense , although its capacity to be a spoiler or create problems is considerable .
And as the recent arrests in London suggest , it is also possible that the desire of some terrorists to accomplish something more dramatic than the 9\/11 attacks may have complicated their ability to implement their plans and increased the prospect that they will be detected .
Simply agreeing to an agenda for follow-up meetings would be an accomplishment .
But snubbing China is misguided . It ignores what the country has accomplished , and it risks consequences that are inconsistent with what the critics themselves want to see .
The goal should be to limit what they can accomplish in the short term ; to get them to change their policies in the medium term ; and to set in motion forces that will bring about new and fundamentally different governments and societies in the long term .
What was accomplished in Iraq -- and , more importantly , what the Iraqi people will now accomplish with American help -- will determine the future of one of the Middle East 's key countries .
No one can predict or assume what a limited attack on Iran 's nuclear installations would accomplish , cost , or lead to .
Change in Iraq was imposed from the outside by force , whereas change in Egypt has come from within and has largely been accomplished by consent rather than coercion .
The significance of what was accomplished stems in part from Bin Laden 's symbolic importance .
Once the mission was accomplished and the Soviets vanquished , the Wahhabi virus was left to fester in Pakistan 's border areas .
To be sure , it is now recognized that the West exported to the rest of the world not only many wonderful accomplishments but also less praiseworthy values , resulting in the forcible liquidation of other cultures , suppression of other religions , and fetishism of incessant economic expansion regardless of its qualitative effects .
There is certainly a degree of envy for what others have accomplished and a sense of desperation about how Al Qaeda can capitalize on this change .
Karadzic 's capture is all the more important because Serbian authorities accomplished it .
Such losses could be devastating . Increased debt and budget deficits are one likely result , putting at risk the accomplishments of more than a decade of effort to reform the economy .
The trade improvements have been delivered , but little has been accomplished on Arab domestic reform .
When these missions are accomplished -- but not sooner -- US forces should withdraw from Iraq .
But what Orwell failed to predict is that China 's government has accomplished this with the help of Western democracies .
They are advocating a policy that would have dire effects , and that would accomplish the opposite of what they claim to want , because a default would immediately make the government more , not less , important .
The US would certainly like Pakistan to eliminate the leadership of the Taliban , both Afghan and Pakistani , but will not lean too heavily on Pakistan 's rulers to accomplish this goal .
Unfortunately , their suggestions for accomplishing this are unclear .
Much has been accomplished along the way , for Afghanistan and for the world .
As a result , Ahmadinejad , in a further ironic twist , is seeking to glorify Iran 's pre-Islamic history in order to stir nationalist sentiment in his favor and accomplish what he is sure that Khamenei does not want : greater openness to the West , particularly to the US .
Its many impressive accomplishments include the Biological and Chemical Weapons Conventions , the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , and the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty .
Doctors are no different from laypersons in drawing on personal and cultural resources -- involving imagination , responsibility , sensibility , insight , and communication -- to accomplish their care-giving .
Germany accomplished this feat by dramatically re-structuring its corporate sector . From 2001 to 2005 , there was a `` silent revolution '' in Germany .
After the War , it was a prime EU objective to moderate nationalism and promote regionalism in Germany , a feat that was accomplished to the benefit of all Europeans .
Both the success of the euro and the smooth functioning of the common monetary policy show that important `` European '' projects can be accomplished even without the benefit of full political union .
But with Europe enjoying an unprecedented level of economic prosperity as a result of the EU 's dramatic accomplishments during its first 50 years , further political unification clearly can wait .
In a recent personal interview in his Frankfurt office , I asked Duisenberg what had been his single most important accomplishment in office .
The introduction of the euro currency was accomplished more smoothly than even the ECB had expected .
But it was no single accomplishment that made Duisenberg 's term in office a success .
Instead , they press for the impossible request that the Palestinian Authority dismantle the militant groups , an act that Israel , with all its powers , has not succeeded in accomplishing .
In the meantime , there is no need for a process that has no chance of accomplishing peace .
This was easily accomplished , given Bolivia 's memory of its losses : the loss of its seacoast to Chile in the War of the Pacific in 1879 , of coca crops to the US eradication program , and the country 's mineral wealth to transnational corporations .
None of these tasks will be easy to accomplish .
She is an accomplished professional , having been Chair of one of the world 's largest law firms and ranked by Forbes in 2008 as the 14th most powerful woman in the world .
This can not be accomplished overnight .
Continued surveillance and infection control measures will be required to ensure that the accomplishments of the last few months are not undone by a few undetected cases that touch off new SARS hot spots .
We have a moral obligation to do the most good that we possibly can with what we spend , so we must focus our resources where we can accomplish the most first .
But much must still be accomplished , by Africans and with Africa 's many friends around the world .
Saving our girls will require radically altering some of Indian society 's family arrangements , traditions , and attitudes . And there is no easy way to accomplish this .
Nor has the US space shuttle accomplished its goals .
Now that he is gone , we see how much he accomplished .
Geremek 's essay about Marc Bloch , the French historian and anti-Nazi resistance fighter , is among his greatest intellectual and moral accomplishments .
Canadian farmers and processors accomplish this routinely and without difficulty .
In short , despite rosy appearances , Brazil clearly faces a complex and , in some respects , daunting agenda , which newly elected President Dilma Roussef can not be expected to accomplish within her current mandate .
If that can be accomplished , the world will have taken a major step toward a relatively smooth , effective , and equitable global economic recovery .
How we accomplish this must be continuously negotiated in the public sphere .
We would do better to find out more about them than to waste our time on superficial debates about how they -- and many others who are just as accomplished -- should dress .
But governments also have an important role to play . By supporting the teaching of foreign languages and financing student exchanges , they can help people in the region accomplish their own goals as spelled out in the Arab Human Development Report .
He suggests something like an `` L-14 '' would be an effective group to reflect the world as it is evolving , and could be quickly accomplished by expanding the current G-8 to include China , India , Brazil , South Africa , Mexico , and a Muslim country .
Democracy promotion is better accomplished by soft attraction than hard coercion , and it takes time and patience .
After all , the key to successful leadership is to surround oneself with good people , empower them by delegating authority , and then claim credit for their accomplishments .
This type of decentralization and flexibility is difficult for governments to accomplish , given their central accountability structures .
Not only would it add to anti-American attitudes and fail to accomplish its objectives , but it over-estimates the extent to which the new Europe is being formed in opposition to the US . Whatever the rhetoric in France , for example , the policies and attitudes in countries such as Britain or Poland demonstrate that good trans-Atlantic relations can be maintained .
But once Bismarck had accomplished that goal , he focused German diplomacy on creating alliances with neighbors and made Berlin the hub of European diplomacy and conflict resolution .
In announcing a new Sino-US joint research effort , Chu described clean energy as `` one of the great opportunities of our time '' for Sino-US cooperation , saying that by `` working together , we can accomplish more than -LRB- by -RRB- acting alone . ''
For the time being , Israel should strive for the safest truce it can accomplish , provided that Hamas stops shooting out of its own crowded living room .
All of this must be fixed . But sacrificing the Big Three automakers will accomplish nothing while risking a tragic economic depression .
Thirty years later , scientists at an IBM laboratory in California arranged 35 atoms of xenon on the surface of a nickel crystal , to spell `` IBM '' in block letters . This was accomplished with a Scanning Tunneling Microscope -LRB- STM -RRB- , a device developed at an IBM laboratory in Zurich whose inventors were awarded the 1986 Nobel Prize in physics .
The story of how we became who we are needs to accommodate our sense of tribal solidarity and accomplishment .
Nevertheless , while no one is proclaiming , `` mission accomplished , '' it is not true that nothing has been done to reform finance .
There is a certain senior -LRB- male -RRB- faculty member who is one of the kindest and most accomplished investigators at my institution .
It is the expression of a contribution to a vision of a unique project and process , and of Denmark 's ambition to accomplish a task that has been placed in our hands .
In order to accomplish this goal , we owe it to ourselves to create a strong , democratic , and transparent framework for co-operation in an enlarged Union .
But this style of government -- essentially an electoral campaign , not a government -- virtually guarantees that almost nothing of real importance can be accomplished .
For the true up-and-coming economic superpowers , we should turn instead to countries like Brazil , India , and South Africa , which have already accomplished their democratic transitions and are unlikely to regress .
No single central authority coordinated their actions ; that feat was accomplished by the magic of free markets and the price system .
The IMF really does need to listen to its critics and constantly to seek better ways to accomplish its aims .
Do people seriously believe that the US has accomplished its majestic trade deficit by shutting its doors to foreign goods ?
Yet , Dubai has also shown the rest of the Middle East what entrepreneurial spirit can accomplish .
Of course , other countries in the Gulf also have some stunning accomplishments to their credit .
In principle , one can create a `` cap-and-trade '' system of quantitative restrictions that accomplishes much the same thing -- and this seems to be more palatable to politicians , who will jump through hoops to avoid using the word `` tax . ''
Alternatively , another international force may be able to accomplish more than its predecessors , which mostly waved at the terrorists as they passed .
But this can be accomplished only if the model is reformed in the West .
Second , US and European threats to cut off aid or impose sanctions are in any case far too weak to accomplish much besides undermining already unstable and impoverished countries .
Second , we must accomplish this while leaving room for continued rapid economic development and poverty reduction .
There are enough good options available to suggest that the world can accomplish the goal of controlling climate change at a reasonable cost -LRB- perhaps 1 % of global income per year -RRB- while enabling the world economy to continue to grow and raise living standards .
But it is tragic to spend so much money and then accomplish next to nothing in terms of concrete results and honest accountability .
And South Korea has accomplished this feat in China 's intensely competitive immediate neighborhood .
Still , the EU 's accomplishments vastly outweigh its current difficulties .
Far too little has been accomplished since , and , behind the scenes , Ban is working relentlessly to clear the bottlenecks and avert climate disaster .
India achieved notable successes more recently , though much remains to be accomplished .
This can best be accomplished by dollarizing the economy , just as Argentina should have done last fall .
The founder of the modern Turkish state , `` taturk '' , accomplished an enormous amount three-quarters of a century ago to bring Turkish political , cultural , and economic institutions into line with those of Europe .
America will soon try to appoint an Iraqi regime that will aim to cancel many of Saddam 's oil contracts with France , Russia , and China , in order to make room for US and UK firms . But this will be harder to accomplish than simply sending in the US army .
Dozens of innocent people were killed , including one of the world 's most accomplished peacemakers , Sergio Vieira de Mello .
Instead of assuming a new national paradigm based on the reality of their accomplishments -LRB- national unity , robust international trade , and growing global influence -RRB- , China 's leaders cling to the old paradigm of their country as victim , the `` sick man of Asia '' being `` cut up like a melon '' by predatory imperial and colonial powers like Japan .
This mindset suggests that , despite the panoramic city skylines , the billboards , and the flashy five-star hotels say otherwise , China has a long way to go before it truly comes to understand and appreciate its actual accomplishments and status .
But , now that the Games have ended , Chinese leaders can not quite say , `` Mission accomplished . ''
Indeed , if they are successful in bringing about some sort of rapprochement , or even if they only manage to ease the crisis somewhat , their accomplishment will be significant .
Still in his quiet way , Ban is spending more than a third of his time on the road , and has accomplished much over the past 30 months .
In the end he should be measured by what he has accomplished rather than by personal foibles or flatness of style .
In all , it is estimated that more than 70 million people died in the `` New China '' Mao and the present Communist Party leaders so proudly proclaim as their accomplishment .
While those meetings also highlighted trade disputes , they also yielded heightened cooperation and significant accomplishments .
The choice of Bernanke , an accomplished scholar , apparently reflected Bush 's acceptance of the public 's expectation of a first-rate appointee .
These two great countries , `` natural allies '' in the words of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee , should reflect on what they have accomplished together since 1998 , in order to map what lies ahead .
How is this trick accomplished ?
Second , any transition to new prime movers is an inherently prolonged affair , taking decades to accomplish .
Grumbling about her `` slow motion '' style of government can be heard everywhere ; applause for her few accomplishments - such as weathering the Islamic storm - is slight .
That is what Caspian Revenue Watch , which I also support , seeks to accomplish .
These professionals take pride in their accomplishments , and may even enjoy the respect of an American public that admires success no matter how it is achieved .
This could be accomplished by converting the bulk of their sovereign debt into Eurobonds .
There was also recognition of limits to what the government could achieve on the international stage , despite some important accomplishments such as its helpful role in the renegotiation of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1995 .
That restructuring will occur , deficit spending or no deficit spending . So policy needs to acknowledge the fact that there are limits to how fast this restructuring can be accomplished .
Their desire to preserve and reestablish Georgian territorial integrity by asserting renewed control over Abkhazia and South Ossetia is understandable , but can they accomplish this goal as peacefully as they won their revolution ?
In a recent visit to this tropical archipelago of 1.3 million people , I had a chance to see some of the leaps Mauritius has taken -- accomplishments that can seem bewildering in light of the debate in the US and elsewhere .
When the Berlin Wall fell , the countries of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union began transitions to a market economy , with heated debates over how this should be accomplished . One choice was shock therapy - quick privatization of state-owned assets and abrupt liberalization of trade , prices , and capital flows - while the other was gradual market liberalization to allow for the rule of law to be established at the same time .
Though much remains to be accomplished and consolidated , his achievements as leader of the international development community are noteworthy and provide a strong foundation upon which to build .
Still , there was a second risk : that the world would think that the agreement itself had accomplished the objectives of a development round set forth at Doha , with trade negotiators then turning once again to making the next round as unfair as previous rounds .
Malaysia 's peaceful , non-violent struggle may not have received the attention that Mahatma Gandhi 's did in India , but what Malaysia has accomplished since then is impressive -- and has much to teach the world , both about economics , and about how to construct a vibrant multi-racial , multi-ethnic , multi-cultural society .
As America struggles with a financial crisis and quagmires in the Middle East and Central Asia , sealing this agreement with India may be one of the beleaguered Bush administration 's only enduring foreign policy accomplishments .
The fact is that India knows that war will accomplish nothing .
No strutting nationalist chauvinism could ever have accomplished for India 's standing in the world what that one moment did -- all the more so since it was not directed at the world .
When China built the Three Gorges dam , it created a 660-kilometer long reservoir that necessitated displacing two million people -- all accomplished in 15 years without a fuss in the interest of generating electricity .
Genotyping can now be accomplished in 20 minutes , and over time will get even faster .
This can be accomplished in two ways : sharply cutting the interest rate paid by Greece , or reducing the face value of the debt .
While much has already been accomplished , it is time to finish the job .
Enormous effort was expended by them - something not fully understood by current EU members - to accomplish their domestic transformations and so adapt themselves to the incredibly extensive acquis of the Union .
More PhD production and burgeoning research in China , for instance , does n't take away from America 's store of learning ; on the contrary , it enhances what we know and can accomplish .
Research has shown that combining the ancient practice of meditation with modern psychotherapies can accomplish this .
Israeli security officials , for example , scoff at genital pat-downs , which they say accomplish nothing .
As Ken Wooden of the organization Child Lures Prevention puts it , the TSA 's `` incredibly misinformed and misguided '' advice `` is completely contrary to what we in the sexual-abuse prevention field have been trying to accomplish for the past 30 years . ''
Indeed , there is plenty of evidence to suggest that Obama -- the son of a strong single mother , raised also by an influential grandmother , man enough to marry an accomplished woman with opinions of her own , and a devoted father of two girls -- understands in a whole new way how to draw and keep women .
Obama is surrounding himself with accomplished female advisers without calling condescending attention to that fact .
But one of her undeniable accomplishments , perhaps more important than anything else she did during that time , was the set of global journeys that she undertook on behalf of women 's issues .
Obama 's example -- and that of his newly formed cabinet , which includes many accomplished leaders from ethnic or racial `` out-groups '' -- holds useful lessons for other nations , particularly in Western Europe .
`` Join me in accomplishing these next five tasks , and we can look at ourselves in the mirror again , recognizing ourselves as true Americans . ''
Resolution 1701 presupposes -- in addition to separating the combatants -- enforcement of the internal and external sovereignty of Lebanon 's elected government , without saying how this is to be accomplished given Hezbollah 's superior military power relative to the government 's forces .
Attempting to politically isolate and disarm Hezbollah is a task that the EU-led UN force can not accomplish and should not attempt , for it would mean war , with Syria and Iran in the background .
After working for more than ten years as a government farm adviser and accomplishing little , she was chosen by a foreign donor to gain a bachelor 's degree in agriculture .
At Enron , this was accomplished by breaking down tasks into small chunks so that no one person was ultimately responsible for a decision and could claim ignorance when caught .
The European Stability and Growth Pact was an effort to accomplish exactly that -- by creating incentives for eurozone countries to steer clear of the danger zone for debt .
