Assad compared the situations in Lebanon and Iraq , insisting that Iraq could achieve what Lebanon had already accomplished two decades before , namely the forced withdrawal by American and British troops in the face of steadfast , bloody resistance .
Europe must be more than a vehicle of economic integration , which is almost accomplished anyway .
Preemption by Gazprom has been accomplished through a raft of acquisitions .
Nobody has ever accomplished this , but ITER may be able to try around 2030 -- that is , if it solves the previous problem .
Bush 's New Middle East President George W. Bush 's declaration of `` mission accomplished '' in Iraq five years ago was as hubristic as his current assessment that the `` surge '' has `` delivered a major strategic victory in the broader war on terror '' is a fantasy .
History 's judgment of the Iraq war will therefore certainly dwell more on whether it has accomplished its strategic objectives of `` reconstructing '' a highly dysfunctional Middle East in America 's democratic image and consolidating America 's hegemonic position in the region than on its price in blood and money .
But , while this theme continues to play well in Washington , no serious scholar buys into it , owing to the compelling refutations published in 1992 by Robert Feenstra , the most accomplished trade policy empiricist today , and in 1994 by Stanford 's Paul Romer .
We have failed to understand that a North American Free Trade Area -LRB- NAFTA -RRB- that achieves its full potential can not be accomplished on the cheap .
With Bin Laden 's death , the US could argue that the mission begun almost ten years ago has been accomplished .
But is the mission really accomplished ?
He also accomplished , in a somewhat round-about way , another goal : showing the flag , so to speak , in the face of the mounting challenge from Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez , who , thanks to virtually unlimited supplies of oil dollars and Cuban doctors and foot-soldiers , is riding high across Latin America .
If so , the question for India will be whether this is accomplished by reducing the international space that the country gained under Bush .
In principle , this can be accomplished elsewhere .
Both Bush and Blair want to leave Iraq , if not with a victory , then at least with some sense of `` mission accomplished . ''
Such a strategy might even lead to an outcome about which those who want Iraq to join a free world can genuinely say : mission accomplished .
Monetary union has been accomplished .
Full employment is better than high unemployment if it can be accomplished without inflation , Greenspan thought .
It is regrettable that , instead of rising to the challenge of developing agriculture in a way that is more socially and environmentally sustainable , we act as if accelerating the destruction of the global peasantry could be accomplished responsibly .
All this was to be accomplished using small `` backyard steel furnaces '' operated by ordinary people with no particular technical expertise .
When Brazil hit the ropes , it imported Arminio Fraga , a senior trader for the financier George Soros , who quickly imposed himself and accomplished miracles .
These tasks can not be accomplished unilaterally -- multilateral cooperation is indispensable .
But the French never explained exactly how restoration of the gold standard might be accomplished , or how it would translate into price and economic stability , given gold markets ' volatility and the disastrous consequences of the gold standard -- not least in France -- in the 1930 's .
But structural reforms can not be accomplished overnight .
This is , of course , a formidable task that may have to be accomplished at a time when Congress opposes monetary tightening .
Indeed , US military withdrawal from Iraq can be accomplished without causing a major regional catastrophe only if America manages to establish such a minimum of regional stability .
If in these times of militarily-accomplished regime change real sovereignty can only be guaranteed by nuclear arms , why not go this route ?
With different tools -- including a profound restructuring of its foreign debt -- and less discipline , Argentina accomplished a similar fiscal turnaround .
If the anti-democratic tendencies win out , all that we have accomplished in previous years will be jeopardized -- including stability itself .
Moreover , Russia 's default and devaluation in 1998 undermined the progress that was accomplished -- starting in 1996 -- in the banking sector and the capital markets in general .
But snubbing China is misguided . It ignores what the country has accomplished , and it risks consequences that are inconsistent with what the critics themselves want to see .
What was accomplished in Iraq -- and , more importantly , what the Iraqi people will now accomplish with American help -- will determine the future of one of the Middle East 's key countries .
Change in Iraq was imposed from the outside by force , whereas change in Egypt has come from within and has largely been accomplished by consent rather than coercion .
The significance of what was accomplished stems in part from Bin Laden 's symbolic importance .
Once the mission was accomplished and the Soviets vanquished , the Wahhabi virus was left to fester in Pakistan 's border areas .
There is certainly a degree of envy for what others have accomplished and a sense of desperation about how Al Qaeda can capitalize on this change .
Karadzic 's capture is all the more important because Serbian authorities accomplished it .
The trade improvements have been delivered , but little has been accomplished on Arab domestic reform .
When these missions are accomplished -- but not sooner -- US forces should withdraw from Iraq .
But what Orwell failed to predict is that China 's government has accomplished this with the help of Western democracies .
Much has been accomplished along the way , for Afghanistan and for the world .
Germany accomplished this feat by dramatically re-structuring its corporate sector . From 2001 to 2005 , there was a `` silent revolution '' in Germany .
After the War , it was a prime EU objective to moderate nationalism and promote regionalism in Germany , a feat that was accomplished to the benefit of all Europeans .
Both the success of the euro and the smooth functioning of the common monetary policy show that important `` European '' projects can be accomplished even without the benefit of full political union .
The introduction of the euro currency was accomplished more smoothly than even the ECB had expected .
This was easily accomplished , given Bolivia 's memory of its losses : the loss of its seacoast to Chile in the War of the Pacific in 1879 , of coca crops to the US eradication program , and the country 's mineral wealth to transnational corporations .
She is an accomplished professional , having been Chair of one of the world 's largest law firms and ranked by Forbes in 2008 as the 14th most powerful woman in the world .
This can not be accomplished overnight .
But much must still be accomplished , by Africans and with Africa 's many friends around the world .
Nor has the US space shuttle accomplished its goals .
Now that he is gone , we see how much he accomplished .
If that can be accomplished , the world will have taken a major step toward a relatively smooth , effective , and equitable global economic recovery .
We would do better to find out more about them than to waste our time on superficial debates about how they -- and many others who are just as accomplished -- should dress .
He suggests something like an `` L-14 '' would be an effective group to reflect the world as it is evolving , and could be quickly accomplished by expanding the current G-8 to include China , India , Brazil , South Africa , Mexico , and a Muslim country .
Democracy promotion is better accomplished by soft attraction than hard coercion , and it takes time and patience .
But once Bismarck had accomplished that goal , he focused German diplomacy on creating alliances with neighbors and made Berlin the hub of European diplomacy and conflict resolution .
Thirty years later , scientists at an IBM laboratory in California arranged 35 atoms of xenon on the surface of a nickel crystal , to spell `` IBM '' in block letters . This was accomplished with a Scanning Tunneling Microscope -LRB- STM -RRB- , a device developed at an IBM laboratory in Zurich whose inventors were awarded the 1986 Nobel Prize in physics .
Nevertheless , while no one is proclaiming , `` mission accomplished , '' it is not true that nothing has been done to reform finance .
There is a certain senior -LRB- male -RRB- faculty member who is one of the kindest and most accomplished investigators at my institution .
But this style of government -- essentially an electoral campaign , not a government -- virtually guarantees that almost nothing of real importance can be accomplished .
For the true up-and-coming economic superpowers , we should turn instead to countries like Brazil , India , and South Africa , which have already accomplished their democratic transitions and are unlikely to regress .
No single central authority coordinated their actions ; that feat was accomplished by the magic of free markets and the price system .
Do people seriously believe that the US has accomplished its majestic trade deficit by shutting its doors to foreign goods ?
But this can be accomplished only if the model is reformed in the West .
And South Korea has accomplished this feat in China 's intensely competitive immediate neighborhood .
Far too little has been accomplished since , and , behind the scenes , Ban is working relentlessly to clear the bottlenecks and avert climate disaster .
India achieved notable successes more recently , though much remains to be accomplished .
This can best be accomplished by dollarizing the economy , just as Argentina should have done last fall .
The founder of the modern Turkish state , `` taturk '' , accomplished an enormous amount three-quarters of a century ago to bring Turkish political , cultural , and economic institutions into line with those of Europe .
Dozens of innocent people were killed , including one of the world 's most accomplished peacemakers , Sergio Vieira de Mello .
But , now that the Games have ended , Chinese leaders can not quite say , `` Mission accomplished . ''
Still in his quiet way , Ban is spending more than a third of his time on the road , and has accomplished much over the past 30 months .
In the end he should be measured by what he has accomplished rather than by personal foibles or flatness of style .
The choice of Bernanke , an accomplished scholar , apparently reflected Bush 's acceptance of the public 's expectation of a first-rate appointee .
These two great countries , `` natural allies '' in the words of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee , should reflect on what they have accomplished together since 1998 , in order to map what lies ahead .
How is this trick accomplished ?
This could be accomplished by converting the bulk of their sovereign debt into Eurobonds .
That restructuring will occur , deficit spending or no deficit spending . So policy needs to acknowledge the fact that there are limits to how fast this restructuring can be accomplished .
When the Berlin Wall fell , the countries of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union began transitions to a market economy , with heated debates over how this should be accomplished . One choice was shock therapy - quick privatization of state-owned assets and abrupt liberalization of trade , prices , and capital flows - while the other was gradual market liberalization to allow for the rule of law to be established at the same time .
Though much remains to be accomplished and consolidated , his achievements as leader of the international development community are noteworthy and provide a strong foundation upon which to build .
Still , there was a second risk : that the world would think that the agreement itself had accomplished the objectives of a development round set forth at Doha , with trade negotiators then turning once again to making the next round as unfair as previous rounds .
Malaysia 's peaceful , non-violent struggle may not have received the attention that Mahatma Gandhi 's did in India , but what Malaysia has accomplished since then is impressive -- and has much to teach the world , both about economics , and about how to construct a vibrant multi-racial , multi-ethnic , multi-cultural society .
No strutting nationalist chauvinism could ever have accomplished for India 's standing in the world what that one moment did -- all the more so since it was not directed at the world .
When China built the Three Gorges dam , it created a 660-kilometer long reservoir that necessitated displacing two million people -- all accomplished in 15 years without a fuss in the interest of generating electricity .
Genotyping can now be accomplished in 20 minutes , and over time will get even faster .
This can be accomplished in two ways : sharply cutting the interest rate paid by Greece , or reducing the face value of the debt .
While much has already been accomplished , it is time to finish the job .
Indeed , there is plenty of evidence to suggest that Obama -- the son of a strong single mother , raised also by an influential grandmother , man enough to marry an accomplished woman with opinions of her own , and a devoted father of two girls -- understands in a whole new way how to draw and keep women .
Obama is surrounding himself with accomplished female advisers without calling condescending attention to that fact .
Obama 's example -- and that of his newly formed cabinet , which includes many accomplished leaders from ethnic or racial `` out-groups '' -- holds useful lessons for other nations , particularly in Western Europe .
Resolution 1701 presupposes -- in addition to separating the combatants -- enforcement of the internal and external sovereignty of Lebanon 's elected government , without saying how this is to be accomplished given Hezbollah 's superior military power relative to the government 's forces .
At Enron , this was accomplished by breaking down tasks into small chunks so that no one person was ultimately responsible for a decision and could claim ignorance when caught .
