Although the US viewed Musharraf as an agent of change , he has never achieved domestic political legitimacy , and his policies were seen as rife with contradictions .
Assad compared the situations in Lebanon and Iraq , insisting that Iraq could achieve what Lebanon had already accomplished two decades before , namely the forced withdrawal by American and British troops in the face of steadfast , bloody resistance .
What , then , would the proposed dialogue between the US and these states achieve other than continue to empower their corrupt yet ambitious regimes ?
How the Palestinians choose to respond to these changed circumstances may well determine whether or not they at last achieve an independent state .
But can he translate this achievement into an extended ceasefire , peaceful elections , and consolidated PA rule in Gaza and the northern West Bank ? Failure to do so will lead to yet another defeat for the legitimate Palestinian aim of attaining a viable state .
And Palestinians accepted Hamas 's view that negotiations based on the Oslo Accords could not achieve Palestinian rights and political ambitions .
Victory achieved , Hamas will take on the responsibility for the Palestinian side in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
Recent successes in Brazil against AIDS , in Mozambique against malaria , and in China against TB , show what can be achieved on a global scale with more resources .
The Promise of Euro-Atlantic Missile Defense BRUSSELS -- The new strategic arms reduction treaty -LRB- START -RRB- that Russian President Dmitri Medvedev and US President Barack Obama just signed in Prague is an historic achievement , and an inspiration for further progress in global arms control . But at the same time , here and now , we must also prepare to defend against another , less encouraging trend .
The end of the Cold War has given us an enormous opportunity to achieve our goal of a Europe whole , free , and at peace .
Why do so many governments try to achieve this end , and why do almost all of them fail ?
But this is difficult for Europe to achieve , let alone contemplate : looming deficits and exhausted taxpayers make it hard , if not impossible , to divert several percentage points of GDP to military spending .
One of the key achievements of the European Union is mobility of goods and inputs .
The prospect of being accepted into the EU provided the nations of Eastern and Central Europe with a strong incentive to achieve fiscal balance - a process somewhat similar to what happened in Western Europe at the time the euro was launched .
At the same time , a recent `` white paper '' produced by a working group headed by the IMF 's former boss , Michel Camdessus , which was charged with proposing the type of structural reforms needed to achieve growth , was received with the usual outcry from trade unions .
There is a developing consensus that ` representativeness ' and legitimacy can be achieved by including nationals of all member states in the next two Commissions , with a move thereafter to a fixed smaller number based on strictly equal rotation .
Perhaps no one 's achievement should be judged by comparison with that of Wallenberg - a titan of strength , courage , and perseverance .
All sides realize that failure to achieve this would most likely result in a nuclear chain reaction with Japan , South Korea , and perhaps even Taiwan embarking on their own nuclear weapons development programs .
In the 19th century , the non-Muslim peoples of the empire also achieved the rights of equal citizenship with Muslims .
EU citizens can secure a clearer understanding of what the Convention should achieve by asking this question : how should governmental functions be divided between the EU and its member nations ?
So governments should ignore neither the valid interests of oil exporters , on whom consumers in their countries depend , nor exporters ' reaction to the rhetoric of energy independence or to steps taken to achieve it .
Europe 's New Mission in Africa The EU 's military mission to ensure free and fair elections in the Democratic Republic of Congo -LRB- DRC -RRB- has shown what the European Security and Defense Policy -LRB- ESDP -RRB- can achieve in Africa .
Thanks to the fiscal rules of the Stability and Growth Pact , the euro area achieved its soundest budgetary position in 2007 , bringing deficits to their lowest levels in 25 years .
America would benefit not less than Europe from an effective system of global governance in the achievement of its goals -- be it freer trade , a viable non-proliferation regime , containment and prevention of regional conflicts , or better regulated financial markets .
Gazprom 's co-optation of Europe has been achieved mainly through Germany , where its partnerships with energy companies and banks have helped align the authorities with Russian aims .
Others emphasize the pragmatic , pointing out that EU members can achieve far more in foreign\/defense policy by working together than on their own .
One of the major principles upon which this vision is based is the idea of `` partnerships '' -- a major prerequisite for the achievement of dynamic , efficient , and sustainable development .
Genuine partnership is difficult to achieve when resource-rich countries view foreign mining and drilling companies only as adversaries , seeking unfair and inequitable contracting agreements .
Architectural and institutional reform has to be complemented by a third achievement : agreement on a timetable for tackling the variety of biased trade rules , bloated subsidy regimes , intellectual property rules and other forms of market distortion which heavily disadvantage the developing world .
Meanwhile , those segments of Brazil 's population that are newly arrived to the market , while enthusiastic about their social betterment , need lasting support to lock in the gains that have been achieved in their standard of living .
At that previous meeting , a panel of the world 's leading economic thinkers was challenged to answer this question : if an extra $ 50 billion were spent improving the state of the world , how could the money be allocated to achieve the most good possible ?
Ironically , this was what the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces -LRB- SCAF -RRB- wanted , and it was achieved at no cost in violence or military tribunals .
The public trial of Mubarak shows what united demands can achieve .
But `` managed democracy '' now threatens to unravel all three of his real achievements .
By 1998 , Russia already had achieved a critical mass of markets and private enterprise , while the financial crash of that year worked like a catharsis , forcing the government to abolish enterprise subsidies that underpinned a devastating budget deficit of some 9 % of GDP .
He is isolating his country among the world 's pariahs ; worse yet , he has achieved little .
Peaceful change in Syria can nonetheless be achieved , and the international community can influence that process by recognizing that its continued focus on the country 's `` complexity '' does nothing for its people .
The point is simply that there are moments in history when democratization and nation building coincide , and that in deeply divided societies the minimum consensus needed for both to succeed simultaneously is difficult to achieve .
Consider what the Greek Cypriot community has achieved - a thriving economy , no one living under conditions of misery and humiliation in camps , membership in the European Union - compared to the catastrophe the Palestinian choice has brought to their own people . Perhaps on the level of public relations , the Palestinian leadership - sacrificing their own people on the altar of propaganda - can bask in their achievement : yet it is their own people who suffer .
The international community , led by the `` Quartet '' -LRB- the United States , the European Union , the United Nations , and Russia -RRB- , has put three conditions to the Hamas government if it wishes to achieve international legitimacy and continue to be supported financially .
Will Olmert Survive ? After Israel 's inability last summer to achieve a conclusive victory over Hezbollah in southern Lebanon , public pressure forced Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's government to appoint a commission to examine the causes of this surprising failure .
Third , and most significantly , the 1993 Israel-PLO agreement has until now failed to achieve its aim .
Attempts to revive the Oslo peace process -- the `` Road Map '' and the Annapolis process -- have similarly failed to achieve more than vacuous declarations and hollow photo opportunities .
When US President Barack Obama appointed former Senator George Mitchell as his special envoy for Middle East peace negotiations , Mitchell 's mandate was to achieve within two years not only an agreement between Israel and the Palestinians , but also overall peace between the Jewish state and the whole Arab world .
When one bears in mind that both sides have been negotiating directly for 15 years , Mitchell 's achievement appears even more minuscule .
Neither violence nor terrorism nor relying on outside powers -LRB- the UN , the Arab League , the Soviet Union , the US , the European Union -RRB- succeeded in delivering statehood , which a people can achieve only by its own agency -- what Zionist ideology calls `` auto-emancipation . ''
Whether these exaggerated hopes should be traced to Obama 's inexperience or to hubris -- or both -- is a moot point : what is clear is that , after 18 months and numerous visits to the region , Mitchell was able to achieve only an agreement in principle by Israel and the Palestinians to start talking to each other .
Now that the talks are to begin , will they achieve anything substantial , or will the summit in Washington merely be another photo opportunity , like President George W. Bush 's Annapolis summit in 2007 ?
Opening an impressive new page , Turkey reached out to Armenia ; softened its position on Cyprus ; tried to draw Iran into a positive dialogue with the West ; convinced Syria to settle the two countries ' simmering border dispute ; and , as a crowning achievement , launched peace talks between Syria and Israel under Turkish mediation .
Well , most candidate countries have already achieved a high degree of structural convergence with the EU .
This would require an enhanced level of European identity , something which the Union 's political elites can not generate artificially . But the crucial point is not that a large common budget in the eurozone is politically impossible to achieve , but rather that it would not address the main problem : the weakness of the mechanisms safeguarding fiscal discipline in the member states .
The exact conditions used to achieve these goals would probably vary between laboratories .
To achieve this requires using a magnet to accelerate a plasma that is a big flame of deuterium and tritium nuclei .
A drastic reduction of CO2 emissions is an urgent priority , but fusion is unlikely to produce sufficient energy to achieve that goal before the twenty-second century .
The architects of European integration - Monnet , Schuman , Adenauer , De Gasperi , and others - understood that these ideals could be achieved only by combining and interweaving the practical interests of Europe 's countries .
We have achieved a united Europe without uniting Europeans .
Today 's post-war generations , lacking direct memory of WWII , view Europe 's great achievements - liberty , peace , and prosperity - as a given .
The EU 's objectives are precisely those that countries are unable to achieve on their own , for example , a stronger economy and greater security .
The Treaty introduces major improvements here , enabling us to work together more effectively to achieve our aims .
These achievements are largely due to European cooperation .
Feeling sympathy for Norway is hard . Thanks to its massive North Sea oil reserves , the country has achieved a level of wealth unimaginable only a generation ago - and which has allowed it to cold-shoulder the European Union since 1994 .
There is only one main way that the necessary productivity and outcome gains can be achieved : excess demand in the public sector must be shifted elsewhere .
When forming the councils , the opposition sought to achieve a balance between government experience , technical expertise , and tribal support .
But Europe 's focus must be on encouraging the development of local agriculture . Doing so is the only way to achieve greater global food security and reduce poverty .
Instead , bringing together outside expertise and local knowledge of the geography and environmental and economic constraints in order to spread risks and share the management of resources and projects is far more likely to help poor countries achieve food independence .
It was such an approach that , in less than 20 years , helped postwar Europe achieve food sovereignty .
Countries that have protected their agricultural development from the threats posed by international markets -- such as India or Vietnam -- have achieved substantial reductions in agricultural poverty .
At the recent G-8 summit in L'Aquila , Italy , we made a firm commitment `` to act with the scale and urgency needed to achieve global food security , '' and we collectively pledged $ 20 billion over three years .
The Lisbon Treaty allows us to achieve a greater coherence and gives us a much greater capacity to act .
The Lisbon Treaty allows us to achieve a greater coherence and gives us a much greater capacity to act .
State-guided capitalism describes economies where growth is a central economic objective -LRB- as it is in the other two forms of capitalism -RRB- , but attempts to achieve it by favoring specific firms or industries .
But it would strengthen raters ' positive incentives to compete with one another to produce accurate ratings , and to pursue innovations and improvements that enable raters to achieve that far more socially beneficial goal .
Sadat gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment he fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
Like America , Britain has learned the hard way the limits of what sheer military power can achieve , and also the devastating implications of its misuse for its reputation in the Muslim world and beyond .
In 2005 , the 17 countries of the Arab world together produced 13,444 scientific publications , fewer than the 15,455 achieved by Harvard University alone .
To achieve this objective requires resolution of the Arab-Israeli conflict , particularly the Palestinian question .
But the security that this scheme was supposed to produce could never really be achieved ; the centrality of the Arab-Israeli conflict could not be attenuated .
The Iraq war and Israel 's wars with Hamas and Hezbollah show the limits of what military power can achieve , as well as vindicate diplomacy and conflict resolution .
But the objectives of the use of force need to be linked to the recognition that in today 's asymmetric conflicts , victory is no longer achieved on the battlefield .
But this might not be achieved without involving the major regional stakeholders , including Pakistan , China , and possibly Iran .
The assumption -- dear to the architects of the current process -- that peace can be achieved by driving a wedge between `` moderates ' and `` extremists '' is a fatal misconception .
But this could not be achieved before Serbia was militarily humbled .
By contrast , Eritrea , East Timor , and parts of the former Yugoslavia achieved independence by exhausting their occupiers and\/or their internal rivals .
Notwithstanding Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's commendable gestures at Sharm el-Sheikh in 2007 , the summit 's achievements are bound to be short-lived .
The US-sponsored Arab-Israeli peace process , which produced a series of breathtaking achievements -- the Madrid peace conference , the Oslo accords , Israel 's peace agreement with Jordan , a near-rapprochement with Syria , and Israel 's inroads into Arab states from Morocco to Qatar -- was an increasingly isolated Iran 's worst nightmare .
This would not be achieved , however , through an inevitably imperfect sanctions regime , or by America 's resort to Cold War logic aimed at breaking Iran 's backbone by drawing it into a ruinous arms race .
Of course , this could very well reverse much of what has been achieved in terms of financial integration .
Thus , while the global recession plunged the transition region into crisis , at the same time it demonstrated the resilience of the reforms and economic integration achieved over the last 15 to 20 years .
No region of the world has benefited more from cross-border banking , yet these achievements are now at risk -- and with them the European bank groups themselves .
Much has been achieved since then : balance sheets have been strengthened and funding models adjusted .
A new pact to secure the achievements of financial integration is now urgently needed .
To achieve this level of dexterity in handling languages by computer algorithms , an ontology must be built .
The alliance can claim important achievements over the past 15 years : it helped to stabilize Europe as it enlarged to 26 members , almost double the Cold War number ; it kept the Balkan conflict under control ; it even accepted a role in extra-European security contingencies such as Afghanistan .
To have removed the issue from domestic ideological controversy ranks as a major achievement of Schroeder 's tenure .
To achieve that will take more than a new face in the White House .
The US economy is staging a more convincing recovery than the UK , and , in contrast to the Bank of England and the European Central Bank , the Fed is not explicitly mandated by Congress to achieve a specific inflation target .
So the challenge to France and Germany does not arise because Poland is some sort of American `` Trojan Horse . '' Instead , the EU 's structure now demands not only a new consensus about Europe 's role in the world , but also new means to achieve consensus .
Its difficulties are exacerbated by the dramatic disparity in military forces on either side of the Atlantic , and its belief that Europe 's ambitions to become a military power will come to nothing because Europeans wo n't spend the money necessary to achieve that goal .
Existing policies to achieve social cohesion are based on the belief that , if uncorrected , the free play of market forces will lead to wide disparities in income and thus intensify social conflict .
Moreover , if Europeans target social expenditure better , they might achieve a greater reduction in inequality with a lower level of social transfers .
A massive increase in European Commission spending power to achieve greater pan-European social cohesion would be politically unacceptable to the richer members , who would have to pay for it .
Perhaps the most interesting fact to emerge is that fully 70 % of the reductions needed by 2020 can be achieved by investing in three areas : increasing energy efficiency , reducing deforestation , and use of lower-carbon energy sources , including nuclear and renewables .
While cap-and-trade systems or other means of pricing carbon emissions can help provide incentives for businesses to invest in low-carbon solutions , in the short term at least , these seven policy measures -- and direct action and investment by governments -- are needed to achieve the targets .
One piece of good news is that deregulation of product markets has been largely achieved , so there is less need to play the Brussels blame game .
They should put in place as soon as possible credible consolidation plans that are specific in terms of not only goals , but also the tools to achieve them .
Moreover , the Commission has already worked to harmonize the assumptions needed to forecast public pension outlays and achieve cross-country comparability .
The government of a country hit by a positive shock could attain a target even without having done anything to achieve it .
But seven years later , what has the US achieved ?
Nothing prevents us from hoping that a fair and just peace can be achieved by then .
But nurturing the will to achieve long-lasting peace depends on more than political negotiations .
In Afghanistan , that so-called war has essentially been based on eradication campaigns and alternative livelihood projects , which have achieved only scant results .
We have failed to understand that a North American Free Trade Area -LRB- NAFTA -RRB- that achieves its full potential can not be accomplished on the cheap .
Some analysts believe that oil has helped Chávez produce better socioeconomic results than Nicaragua and Bolivia have achieved .
Government should set general goals for energy and the environment and then let entrepreneurs , investors , and consumers decide how best to achieve them .
The fundamental lessons of the Greek debt fiasco are not new : 1 -RRB- elected officials systematically ignore long-run costs to achieve short-run benefits ; 2 -RRB- they wait to act until they are forced ; 3 -RRB- government policies can not circumvent the laws of economics ; 4 -RRB- governments can not revoke the laws of arithmetic ; and 5 -RRB- budget policy is not merely accounting .
Of course what they hope is that the Games will channel these energies toward national solidarity , which will allow the leadership to deliver its people a moment of achievement and patriotic glory .
An ambitious goal , which may or may not be achieved .
Balance was achieved partly by a system of weighting of votes in the Council of Ministers , where most decisions are taken .
Once President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing and Federal Chancellor Helmut Schmidt made the joint Franco German proposal for the Economic and Monetary Union -LRB- EMU -RRB- , both Belgium and the Netherlands worked together to achieve that common goal .
This is a very ambitious program , probably impossible to achieve .
On one hand , they want to achieve a comprehensive political solution with the Palestinians based on creating a Palestinian state , in exchange for real , lasting peace .
Yet there is no credible way to achieve an agreement with such radical forces as Iran , Syria , Hamas , and Hezbollah , all of whom seek Israel 's destruction .
But , while the election did not usher in a leadership eager for peace with Israel and a Palestinian state achieved by compromise , nor was it a prelude to a renewal of violence .
But even that was not enough to achieve the final victory over the party and police apparatus of the state .
Against the authoritarian and hierarchical structures of the regime , we raised a decentralized institution , a huge organism striving to achieve consensus about its aims and the methods of action .
To be sure , Solidarity achieved a stunning political success .
Will Pope Benedict XVI achieve the breakthrough that his friend and predecessor failed to realize ?
With his stunning victory in Sunday 's second round of Brazil 's presidential elections , Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva -LRB- `` Lula '' -RRB- has finally achieved his goal after four attempts .
Here he was helped by the lackluster efforts of his main opponent , José Serra , who failed to build on the substantial achievements of outgoing President Fernando Henrique Cardoso .
In a country stained by social injustice and the most unequal distribution of income in the world , Lula 's victory is an astounding achievement in view of his humble origins and trade union background .
So far it has failed to achieve its purpose and Brazil is remains poised on a knife-edge .
Previous SAARC summits achieved little in the way of regional cooperation .
Improvement in the India-Pakistan relationship -- the main obstacle to greater economic cooperation in South Asia -- has come whenever the two countries ' governments have agreed to work together to achieve a common good .
More was expected from the SAARC summit than was achieved , owing in large part to the unmet expectations for the meeting between the Indian and Pakistani prime ministers on the sidelines of the main event .
It will be lucky if it manages to achieve 2.8 % , one half of that expected in Bangladesh and one-third of that projected for India .
It is difficult to sustain any democratic system , whether on a national or European scale , without a sense of solidarity . It helps if this is based on something deeper than shared interests : a language , a sense of common history , pride in cultural achievements .
And mass demonstrations certainly were not going to achieve it .
One of Obama 's great achievements is that he made it into a serious topic through the brilliance and subtlety of his rhetoric .
The DPJ 's aims are excellent : more authority to elected politicians , less bureaucratic meddling , more independence from the US , better relations with Asian neighbors , more power to voters and less to big business , and so on . Whether Hatoyama and his colleagues have the wherewithal to achieve these aims remains an open question .
Constructing such a balanced state system for itself on a regional scale has been postwar Europe 's great achievement .
Given modern financial systems ' demonstrated ability to create -LRB- and destroy -RRB- liquidity endogenously -- via financial innovation and global mobility -- financial and macroeconomic stability may become more difficult to achieve if monetary instruments and macroprudential tools are not used in a consistent manner .
For many in the field of public health , the greatest triumph achieved by medicine in this century was the eradication of smallpox .
Above all , however , he has achieved a 6.3 % effective reduction of poverty , after taking over a country whose vast majority - 80 % - was perched between poverty and squalor .
Seen in this angle , Chavez appears to have real achievements .
The highest growth achieved in the Chavez years is lower than Venezuela 's average during the second half of the 1990 's , when oil was the exclusive domain of the private sector .
Tragically , the current conflict is part of the inevitably repetitive cycle of violence that results from the absence of a comprehensive settlement in the Middle East , exacerbated by the almost unprecedented six-year absence of any real effort to achieve such a goal .
Direct engagement with the Palestine Liberation Organization or the Palestinian Authority and the government in Damascus will be necessary if secure negotiated settlements are to be achieved .
Global hopes to reduce child and maternal mortality , combat HIV\/AIDS , and achieve universal primary education are damaged by the fact that one in seven girls in the developing world -- and it is overwhelmingly girls who suffer this fate -- are married before they reach age 15 . Child marriage also thwarts ambitions to eliminate extreme poverty and promote gender equality .
More fundamentally , Chávez represents ideas that have long stifled Latin America 's political and economic growth . This includes the notion that social justice can be achieved only by abandoning the path of reform and rejecting `` bourgeois '' democratic forms in favor of `` real '' democracy , born of revolutionary purity and the leader 's millenarian dreams .
In fact , one can find similar achievements in Chile and Brazil , which have not given up on democratic checks and balances , political pluralism , or freedom of the press , and have not enjoyed the luxury of $ 300 billion in oil revenue in the space of one decade .
There were no major , unfortunate incidents ; the constant protests were strident but not especially violent or well-attended ; no significant slights or mishaps took place ; and President Bush achieved what he probably was most interested in : sending a message back to the United States that he actually is interested in more than Iraq .
Third , and perhaps most importantly , Bush has to finally achieve the immigration reform he has promised for so long .
The European Union thinks differently ; in its economic cooperation and free trade agreement with Mexico , for example , it insisted on -- and achieved -- the inclusion of a `` democracy clause '' that made its economic benefits conditional on ongoing respect for democratic rule and human rights .
The European Union thinks differently ; in its economic cooperation and free trade agreement with Mexico , for example , it insisted on -- and achieved -- the inclusion of a `` democracy clause '' that made its economic benefits conditional on ongoing respect for democratic rule and human rights .
Although independent central banks have been crucial in helping the region achieve macroeconomic stability over the past two decades , they , like electoral authorities , are being subjected to increasing pressure .
In fact , history will judge him , and his nearly 50 years in power , only when the results are in : when the initial achievements in health and education and combating inequality are evaluated according to international standards and with the transparency to which the rest of the region 's countries are subject .
They achieved only three successes : Cuba , in 1959 ; Nicaragua , in 1979 ; and El Salvador , where , by 1992 , they fought the US and the local army to a stalemate , bringing peace and growing prosperity to their country .
Given this , it is no surprise that the list of question marks attached to Calderón 's administration is longer than that of his achievements .
The Revolution Reborn MEXICO CITY -- In El Salvador , for the first time ever in Latin America , a former political-military organization that tried to gain power through the barrel of a gun has achieved its aims through the ballot box .
To dismiss the FMLN 's historical achievement as simply an act of justice or a foreseeable event in a tiny backwater would be reckless .
President Daniel Ortega is seeking to remain in office more or less perpetually , and seems ready to perpetrate every type of stratagem , from electoral fraud to dissolving Congress and the judiciary , in order to achieve his aims .
But there are doubts as to what it can achieve in the long run to eradicate poverty .
More than two decades of democratic rule and economic growth practically ensure that , simply by staying the course , the country will achieve lower-tier developed status by 2020 .
Then they made statement after statement claiming that Syria was not Libya , and they would not allow another Western intervention to achieve regime change in another Arab country just because its people seemed upset with the local dictator .
This is not the way to achieve it .
These findings raise damning suspicions about the literacy levels that successive Indian governments have claimed to achieve .
Sometimes , well-off sections of low castes broke away to form new castes and managed to achieve higher ritual status .
More recently , in discussing the Bank 's 2004 report Making Services Work for Poor People , officials put Cuba among countries like Sri Lanka , Costa Rica , and China that `` managed to achieve a level of outcomes in health and education that are extremely favorable . ''
Should , or can , China achieve long-term growth only by adding physical structures ?
The NCP has a history of dividing and manipulating groups to achieve its aims , and it regularly ignores its commitments .
In 2000 , the global community pledged to achieve universal primary education -LRB- UPE -RRB- by 2015 .
Based on a five-year project that we led at the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , we believe that the UPE goal is not ambitious enough : the world should aim for , and can achieve , high-quality , universal secondary education , as well as universal primary education .
The Treaty will be essential not only to the proper functioning of Europe 's institutions , but also to their further `` deepening '' -- something that many call for without necessarily really wanting to achieve .
To achieve this , Afghanistan needs more development assistance .
The idea that it is rational for a company to incur enormous losses by selling below cost in order to achieve or maintain a monopoly position has been roundly criticized by economists who argue that situations in which such losses can be recouped by subsequent monopoly profits are extremely rare .
Out of this massacre , however , the tribunal and foreign-backed war-crimes courts in Bosnia and Serbia have delivered the international justice effort 's most significant achievement to date .
Poland is a recent example of a country that achieved this feat .
Western Germany 's occupation forces not only set an example of how this vision could be achieved , but found the right people and the right institutions to bring about reconstruction and progress .
However , where differences can not easily be blurred - those of religion , ethnic and cultural origin , color - common citizenship has not achieved the unity of diversity so many have dreamed about .
Why do equal citizenship rights not achieve their purpose ?
Much remains to be done to achieve it .
Both were to be achieved within a liberal order .
Such incidents make one wonder whether the terrorists have , in the end , achieved their aim of destroying the West and what it stands for .
The years of John Paul II 's papacy have not actually been a time in which `` soft power '' could achieve a great deal anywhere , so that Stalin 's famous question , `` How many divisions has the Pope ? , '' remained topical .
It means rule by those who have merit . Such merit is usually understood to be academic achievement , a combination of talent and training .
First , if academic achievement is the entry ticket to power and status , what about the rest ? What about those who do not make it to university ?
To this must be added another feature that Young described : meritocracy means only that another ruling group closes the gates behind it once it has achieved its status .
There is a need , however , for a healthy skepticism towards the claims of a meritocracy based on academic achievement alone .
In Europe then , the 8th of May 2005 is an occasion to look back in sorrow and anger . It is also an occasion to look forward with pride in the achievements of recent decades and therefore for hope .
Nevertheless , while a free society recognizes limits to inequality , it also accepts that inequality exists , for it provides hope for many by showing what one might achieve with ability and luck -- or perhaps even luck alone .
The election of the militant and hitherto extra-parliamentary group Hamas in the Palestinian territories reminds us of what democracy can not achieve .
Some say that it is achieved only once a country has passed the `` two-turnover test , '' that is , two changes of government without violence .
This can be done by opinion polls and the use of focus groups ; it can also be achieved by referenda and plebiscites .
But , even without such a vow , he would find it difficult after nine years in office to combine a program of reform with a sense of what can be achieved given the mood of his party and of the country .
Tony Blair has achieved a remarkable third successive electoral victory .
Even within Europe , there is powerful evidence that countries where mutual trust is higher achieve higher levels of investment , particularly through venture capital investment , and are prepared to use more flexible contracts , which are also beneficial for growth and investment .
A regulator-designed banking system would make that aim more difficult to achieve .
The instrumental achievements of science would depend solely on the scraps falling from the pure scientist 's table .
For example , the European Union has agreed to a climate and energy package with which it will be able to reach its target of a 20 % emission reduction over 1990 levels by 2020 -LRB- 30 % if other industrialized countries follow suit . within the United States , President Barack Obama has indicated his intention to achieve an 80 % reduction of greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 , and to return US emissions to 1990 levels by 2020 .
Now that US President Barack Obama has taken the decision to do so , the EU stands ready to provide political and practical support to the United States to help achieve that goal .
Lula should look to Europe for examples of how to achieve high rates of growth and job creation yet maintain social protection .
But Lula can and should follow Kok 's example and use his trade union connections , as well as his rapport with the working class , to achieve a social pact aimed at achieving sustained improvement in Brazil 's overall economic performance and realizing its potential to become Latin America 's economic powerhouse .
On healthcare reform , Obama 's proudest moment , his achievement is ... drum roll ... a scheme that almost precisely mimics the reform that Mitt Romney , a Republican who sought the presidency in 2008 , brought to the state of Massachusetts .
As soon as the Fed had achieved its inflation-fighting goal , however , it would end the liquidity squeeze .
African farmers should wonder how it could be Bush -- not some left-wing Democrat -- who reversed the archconservative Newt Gingrich 's proudest achievement : the partial reform of agricultural subsidies .
Suppose Brazilian interest rates stabilize at a high but not astronomical 10 % , the economy grows at 4 % per year , and the government achieves a `` primary surplus '' -- a surplus of taxes over program spending -- equivalent to 4 % of GDP .
First , it allows for many savers to pool their wealth to finance large enterprises that can achieve the efficiencies of scale possible from capital-intensive modern industry .
The Party restored unity on the platform of globally integrated , market-driven growth , to be achieved without the intercession of the students ' `` Goddess of Democracy , '' but bringing tangible material benefit to city residents .
In her classic study On Revolution , Hannah Arendt observed darkly that `` whatever brotherhood human beings may be capable of has grown out of fratricide , whatever political organization men may have achieved has its origin in crime . ''
While all leaders -- including North Korea 's Kim Jong Il -- remain committed to denuclearization in public , none appears ready to risk much in terms of domestic politics to achieve that end .
Simply put , the US and other powers need to pursue constructive economic engagement with North Korea to help the regime achieve `` strength and prosperity '' through economic transition and integration with the global economy .
The Korean Peninsula will most likely achieve `` complete , verifiable , and irreversible denuclearization '' only when North Korea is already moving in the direction of economic growth and integration .
Although North Korea has doggedly stood behind its outmoded model of state control and central planning , Kim 's visits to the boom cities of Dalian and Tianjin reflect his tentative but ongoing interest in alternative ways to achieve `` strength and prosperity '' for his country .
To achieve Enosis with Europe and at the same time with Greece . '' So said Mr. Nicos Anastasiades , Chairman of the ruling DISI party in Greek-controlled Cyprus , quoted in the Greek Cypriot daily `` Haravgi '' on 10 April this year .
For Latin American policymakers , assuring food security can really be achieved only if a new international regime of genuinely free trade for agricultural commodities is built .
Education is a field where short-term results are difficult to achieve and the sheer size of even the smallest individual country 's education system makes effective external support daunting .
This is not to say that educational development is a field where foreign assistance is inappropriate . But because there are limits to what foreign assistance can achieve , it needs to be planned carefully .
Donors must maintain the promised -LRB- and very modest -RRB- levels of development aid for the poorer countries , and the drive to achieve the Millennium Development Goals must be renewed .
They are often very productive by hectare , since they maximize the use of the soil , and achieve the best complementary use of plants and animals .
The diversity of Europe is indeed innate , but its unity is yet to be achieved .
Indeed , the Rajapaksa government , and the majority Sinhalese , must understand that the political and economic reforms needed to achieve a lasting peace are inextricably intertwined .
Sri Lanka 's economy must open up -- not an easy thing to achieve at a time when liberal economic reforms appear to be in disrepute .
· Address the question of political Islam . None of these tasks can be achieved without serious reflection about political Islam .
It is essential to reaffirm the normative essence of the Constitutional Treaty to protect the greatest achievement of the Constitutional Convention .
For the 30 years since the beginning of China 's economic reforms , Chinese industry has achieved impressive efficiency gains by adopting new technologies and realizing economies of scale , leading to a huge expansion in locally made products suitable for export .
As this is constantly evolving in unpredictable ways , there is no reason to expect that the assumptions underlying any particular macroeconomic model will ever remain valid long enough for its steady-state solution to be achieved in practice .
Philanthropic approaches to the problem have achieved little systemic change .
Ko¨tunica has made a career more by the absence of negative characteristics than by what he has achieved .
Now , though , the global economic crisis is sapping developed countries ' shaky efforts to fulfill their commitments for official development assistance -LRB- ODA -RRB- in order to achieve the United Nations ' Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDGs -RRB- .
Widespread coverage has been achieved through UNITAID 's influence on the price of life-saving drugs : it guarantees a market through long-term commitments to purchase high volumes of medicines and diagnostics -- a commitment made possible by the sustainable and predictable funding of the `` air tax . ''
In this national crisis , Mexico 's people have closed ranks , collaborated , and showed that they are capable of working together to achieve common goals in the public interest .
Such a pact would oblige governments to use fiscal and wage policies as well as overall economic policy to achieve external balance .
China represents a massive challenge even for countries , such as Brazil , that have achieved a significant trade surplus up to now .
Traditionally , Muslim scholars achieved status by mastering socially useful knowledge , which was Islamic law . Today , however , applied science is also useful knowledge for the modern world .
A sustainable economic growth rate that helps reduce poverty and inequality can be achieved only with a skilled and innovative labor force .
Finally , they need to attain a rapid rate of productivity growth , which can be achieved only by ensuring a high-quality , broadly accessible educational system .
Indeed , students from Latin American countries consistently score at the very bottom of international achievement tests such as the Program for International Student Assessment -LRB- PISA -RRB- and the Third International Math and Science Survey -LRB- TIMSS -RRB- .
They have to cut wages , pensions , and other costs in order to achieve the same gain in competitiveness needed to substitute external demand for internal demand .
The simplest way to achieve this would be to require banks exposed to southern European debt to raise more capital .
Now , we are told , ASEAN +3 has achieved another great breakthrough , the so-called Chiang Mai Initiative Multilateralization -LRB- CMIM -RRB- , aimed at turning its bilateral swaps and credits into a regional reserve pool .
Unleashing the potential for growth in the Baltic Sea Region is one powerful way to achieve this end .
Such a grand project can be achieved if the political will exists and asserts itself .
With sex-reassignment surgery , writes Jan Morris , `` I achieved Identity at last . ''
The lesson was clear : `` we achieve our aims by defending our values and leading the forces of freedom . ''
But , unlike Russia , China de-emphasized the relevance of traditional hard power to achieve its goals .
The problem for Putin is that this success was achieved not by the Russian state , but by private enterprises .
They regard the Soviet victory over Nazi Germany as the highest achievement of the state and nation that they inherited from the USSR .
It is important to keep in perspective what the responsibility to protect is about , and what the principle was designed to achieve .
But the second great hope of responsibility-to-protect advocates was that this consensus in principle would make agreement on what to do in practice -- how to translate normative consensus into action -- easier to achieve .
Regime change is for the Libyan people themselves to achieve .
Then , for the first time ever , the Council explicitly authorized military intervention by member states to achieve these objectives .
Military action expressly designed to kill Qaddafi or force him into exile , to ensure a rebel victory in a civil war , or to achieve a more open and responsive system of government in Libya is not permissible under the explicit terms of Resolution 1973 .
So bringing the savings rate down is necessary if domestic and external balances are to be achieved .
This is the labor that flows in the opposite direction , from west to east , promoting the only economic equality a country can ever achieve -- equality of per capita income , not of GDP .
To achieve `` permanent urbanization , '' China must develop a new safety net .
When that is achieved , rural immigrants will eagerly settle as permanent urban residents , and Chinese society will become more equal in terms of access to public services .
That uniform individual cost incentive allows total CO2 to be reduced at a lower total cost than would be achieved by a variety of administrative requirements , such as automobile mileage standards , production technology standards -LRB- e.g. , minimum renewable fuel inputs in electricity generation -RRB- , etc. .
The leading proposal , produced by the Senate Finance Committee , fails to achieve any of Obama 's goals .
To achieve that , the current deficit of 14 % of GDP would have to fall to 5 % of GDP or less .
But to bring the debt-to-GDP ratio to the 60 % level prescribed by the Maastricht Treaty would require reducing the annual budget deficit to just 3 % of GDP -- the goal that the eurozone 's finance ministers have said that Greece must achieve by 2012 .
That means that planned tax increases and cuts in basic government spending would have to be even larger than 10 % of GDP in order to achieve a 3 % - of-GDP budget deficit .
This need not mean outright default ; a plan to repay principal and interest with low-interest securities rather than cash -- or to withhold income tax on interest earned from government bonds , crediting those taxes against the obligations of American taxpayers -- would achieve the same result .
This recovery has been much weaker than previous ones because of fundamental differences in the cause of the downturn and in the policies chosen to achieve recovery .
A country with a flexible currency can achieve that by allowing the exchange rate to depreciate .
But , even if that could be achieved , it would close the trade gap only for as long as Greek prices remained competitive .
A temporary leave of absence from the eurozone would allow Greece to achieve a price-level decline relative to other eurozone countries , and would make it easier to adjust the relative price level if Greek wages can not be limited .
Likewise , two years could provide time for Italy to demonstrate whether it can achieve a balanced budget .
That will be hard to achieve , because fiscal tightening will reduce Italian GDP , which is now barely growing , in turn shrinking tax revenue .
So , in two years , we can expect a debate about whether budget balance has then been achieved on a cyclically adjusted basis .
This will help , but it is unlikely to be enough to achieve positive GDP growth .
Local militias achieved prominence and power in the Netherlands , beginning in 1568 during the long struggle against the Spanish Habsburgs , though they were again sidelined when the threat passed in the late seventeenth century .
Iran is betting on revolutionary changes within the power structure of the Middle East to help it achieve its strategic goal .
Still , German Chancellor Angela Merkel can be proud of what was achieved .
The recalcitrant states achieved a Pyrrhic victory because it will quickly become clear to them that , even if the EU is getting a new institutional framework , the avantgarde countries will decide among themselves what the concrete arrangements will look like .
Only if Russia succeeds in productively reinvesting the gains from its petro-economy will it achieve sustainable modernization .
Instead , it has helped Iran to gain a regional ascendancy that the country could never have achieved on its own .
In particular , the way Europe , in the process of its enlargement , has projected its power to achieve lasting peace across the whole continent , and fostered development by integrating entire economies , states , and societies within its institutional framework , could become a model for shaping a cooperative world order in the twenty-first century .
But the progress achieved so far is again under threat .
The United States ' enemies have been strengthened , and Iran -- despite being branded as a member of the so-called `` axis of evil '' -- has been catapulted into regional hegemony . Iran could never have achieved this on its own , certainly not in such a short time .
And Europe can help the Middle East -- its neighboring region -- achieve this strategic objective .
After all , if Russia 's government really wanted to achieve a change in the post-Soviet status quo , it should , first and foremost , pursue a policy vis-à-vis its neighbors that reduces rather than increases fears .
The rules of the game would be changed and a whole variety of strategic goals could be achieved -- European security , neighborhood conflicts , energy security , arms reduction , anti-proliferation , etc. . Yes , such a bold step would transform NATO .
A regime in Tehran that must demonstrate external strength to survive its shattered legitimacy at home would therefore make the comprehensive , negotiated settlement that the West seeks much more difficult and risky , if not impossible , to achieve .
The best way to achieve this is through the Left 's participation in regional -LRB- länder -RRB- governments .
At that moment , peace between Palestinians and Israelis could have been achieved , and thus a new beginning made in the Middle East .
The majority of humanity has sought since November 9 , 1989 , to achieve Western living standards at all costs , overstretching our planet 's climate and ecosystems .
Recovery was difficult to achieve , but the Common Market has profited from Germany 's renewed competitiveness .
When the Ankara Protocol was agreed , the government of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an achieved something that , until then , had been considered impossible : he shattered the decades-old opposition of Turkish Cypriots to a compromise between the two parts of the divided island .
Obama and the Middle East BERLIN -- With the successful enactment of his health reform , Barack Obama has achieved his biggest domestic success so far -- which , surprisingly , had greater consequences abroad than at home .
The eastern Mediterranean , the Aegean , the western Balkans , the Caspian region and the southern Caucasus , Central Asia , and the Middle East are all areas where the West will achieve nothing or very little without Turkey 's support .
The belief that stability can be achieved with technocratic rules , regulations , and sanctioning mechanisms alone in a eurozone whose economies are diverging will prove to be misguided .
How can these far-reaching aims be achieved within the eurozone -LRB- together with non-eurozone EU members that want to join in -RRB- ?
The abolition of border controls was anything but a minor detail , and yet it was achieved on the basis of intergovernmental agreements .
Still , the single currency 's collapse was avoided , and French President Nicolas Sarkozy was right to laud the establishment of a `` European Monetary Fund '' as a real achievement .
The US will have to find agreement with its allies and enter into direct talks with all the other players to try and achieve a new regional consensus .
To achieve this , the US would have had to subordinate its power to the goal of shaping the new order , much as it did at the close of World War II in 1945 .
The UN , NATO , the IMF and the World Bank , the law of nations and international criminal law , even today 's free and united Europe -- all are crowning achievements of US foreign policy .
But air strikes on Iran , which America may see as a military solution , would not make Iraq safer ; they would achieve exactly the opposite .
This can be achieved through a program for subsistence farmers that not only improves productivity , but also reduces weather dependency and provides simple financing instruments to encourage investment in new technologies and equipment , increased land ownership , and easier access to local markets .
But it 's a program that can be achieved only if international organizations like the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization -LRB- FAO -RRB- work hand-in-hand with national governments and with private donors and partners .
Republicanism grants each individual , regardless of his or her other identities equal rights in order to achieve universal equality .
The French must recognize that equality before the law is a core principle , but a weak one ; it needs to be complemented by a stricter vision of how to achieve equality .
Singapore achieved rich-country status with a unique development strategy .
Perhaps its Labor Party should be given credit for pioneering the principle that center-left governments can sometimes achieve economic liberalization better than their center-right opponents .
It takes liquidity to make a market successful , and it can be difficult to get a new one started until it achieves a certain critical mass .
American objectives could not be achieved in Vietnam . The outcome in Iraq will not be determined until the last American troops have been withdrawn .
Winning a Prize has never been an automatic process , a reward that comes for having attained a magical level of achievement .
Academy physicists had no intention of recognizing this theoretical achievement `` even if the whole world demands it . ''
Last year , the government merged 12 universities into eight in order to achieve substantial economies of scale , and the Danish parliament approved a nearly 50 % increase in government spending on research by 2010 .
It requires an increasingly controversial assumption : all human beings - whatever their achievements , competences , status , or health - are equally significant members of society , whose strength ultimately lies in what they can do together .
Huxley identified humanity 's achievements with legal conventions and medical technologies , artifices that extend human dominion by enabling people to be and do more than they could individually .
Our Virtual Middle Ages Wikipedia , the online encyclopedia , is the most impressive collective intellectual project ever attempted -- and perhaps achieved .
Although we now think of academic disciplines , including the humanities , as being `` research-led , '' this understates the university 's historic role in converting the primate Homo sapiens into a creature whose interests , aspirations , and achievements extend beyond successful sexual reproduction .
The Myitsone and Mekong incidents have now cast a shadow over these projects , fueling fear of a chain reaction that could wreck China 's two-decade-long effort to achieve deeper regional integration .
Russia can then forget about attaining the fast , sustainable growth that China has achieved .
Something more than rhetoric , however , may be hard to achieve as both Musharraf and Vajpayee face important constraints .
Researchers will need to establish the mechanisms by which cancer cells achieve resistance and what it costs them .
But it may be time to temper our quest for magic bullets and recognize the cold reality of Darwin 's evolutionary dynamics . Medicine 's goal of a glorious victory over cancer may need to yield to our recognizing that an uneasy stalemate may be the best that can be achieved .
The first , preventing a global depression , was achieved .
In 2010 , the International Monetary Fund estimated that a coordinated approach to macroeconomic , trade , and structural policies could achieve 5.5 % higher global GDP , create 25-50 million additional jobs , and lift 90 million people out of poverty .
The G-20 will not achieve growth and stability without a renewed focus on long-term debt reduction .
Democracy has undoubtedly achieved success around the world .
Even in a number of European countries with old democratic traditions , a wave of populist , radical political parties opposed to minorities and immigrants has achieved success , sometimes even winning elections .
In December 's parliamentary election in Serbia , the extreme nationalist Radical Party achieved the greatest success , and people being tried before the International War Crimes Tribunal in The Hague , such as Vojislav Seslj , the Radicals ' founder and long-time leader , and Slobodan Milosevic , were elected to parliament .
The globalization of services , however , provides alternative opportunities for developing countries to find niches , beyond manufacturing , where they can specialize , scale up , and achieve explosive growth , just like the industrializers .
While South Asia is far more developed than Sub-Saharan Africa , and India -LRB- the largest country in the region -RRB- has achieved lower middle-income status , South Asia has many more poor people than Sub-Saharan Africa .
By demanding quantifiable results , donors may force program managers to choose easily achieved targets over less measurable actions that accord with sound humanitarian principles .
Few people believe in the Putin regime 's ability to achieve serious change .
And yet , while the incremental reduction of barriers to cross-border flows of capital , goods , and services has been a major achievement of recent decades , international migration has never been more strictly controlled .
The formal decision to create a tribunal for the Khmer Rouge represents a major achievement after a decade of diplomatic effort .
This change in market sentiment is one of the great achievements of President Ricardo Lagos , Bachelet 's predecessor , who was also a socialist .
Indeed , the catastrophes in Japan might finally achieve what decades of conflict in the Middle East have not : compel governments to invest in the research required to develop viable energy alternatives .
Most international waterways have such frameworks for dialogue , albeit at different stages of development and levels of achievement .
To avoid both the global hangover of no deal and the self-deception of a weak deal , a breakthrough is needed -- and can still be achieved in Copenhagen .
Even though we failed to achieve our highest aspirations in Reykjavik , the summit was nonetheless , in the words of my former counterpart , `` a major turning point in the quest for a safer and secure world . ''
But the US has also been unable to achieve the global status of a `` Yalta superstate . ''
But the RCB 's lack of resolve in adopting a framework where low inflation is clearly stated as the priority now threatens to undermine what has been achieved .
Their achievement demonstrates the strength of the external side of the French economy , which is the main engine of French growth .
Neutralizing the perceived threat from Khodorkovsky meant depriving him of the means to achieve his ambitions by separating his Menatep Group from Yukos 's future cash flows .
Among his achievements is a Citizens ' Charter that is handed to every new resident to explain Swiss participatory democracy and lay out its rules .
China 's stock market has grown extremely large , extremely quickly . At the end of 2002 the official capitalization of China 's stock market was $ 458 billion , making it the eighth largest in the world -- an apparently astounding achievement given where China was a decade ago .
To achieve this , foreign aid must be doubled from $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion a year until 2015 -- a date agreed by 140 world leaders at the UN 's millennium summit in 2000 .
To achieve these goals , donor countries need only extend their existing commitments into the future ; new funds are not needed .
Without any significant commitment from the US , the Copenhagen Accord , so laboriously achieved last year , has become meaningless .
This requisite independence of the IMF staff can be achieved by stipulating that the Board oversees only the work of the Fund 's analytical functions and , more importantly , that its composition and decision-making mode are overhauled in the following ways :
In South Africa , Blacks achieved political dominance over the descendants of British and Afrikaner settlers , large numbers of whom remain as a tolerated minority .
But suppose a two-state solution were achieved in the not-too-remote future .
It is a significant achievement .
The opposition underestimates the Kirchners ' achievements , arguing that the international context , particularly high commodity prices -- and thus strong export revenues -- bailed them out .
The reason that not-for-profit providers can achieve higher quality care with better health outcomes at lower cost is evident .
Indeed , Chinese economic growth must be acknowledged as one of history 's great achievements in poverty reduction .
As soon as this goal comes close to being achieved , elements of the opposition begin to position themselves for the second phase of the struggle and the coming competition for power .
Foreign banks could never hope to achieve such comprehensive coverage without a local partner .
I believe that a stability pact for the region could help to match what was achieved a decade ago in the Balkans .
Although he achieved important victories over the Ottomans , Corvinus took him prisoner , and he was killed in 1477 in renewed fighting with Ottoman troops .
It is suicidal for the EU to draw on Europe 's worst political traditions , the common denominator of which is the idea that evil must be appeased and that the best way to achieve peace is through indifference to the freedom of others .
Both Israelis and Palestinians must understand that the mere application of force will never be enough to achieve their long-term ends .
Tactically , he argues , this is the only way for Al Qaeda to achieve its ultimate goal of taking power .
Konrad Adenauers and Willi Brandts foreign policy achievements created the illusion of the German Chancellors power .
The achievements are notable , if insufficient .
Realism will give the US more maneuverability in the short term , but it will have to sacrifice some of its soft power to achieve this .
China needs a mature strategic dialogue , particularly with the EU . This will not rescue the partnership , but at least it could help define common interests , identify policy options , and create the conditions to achieve results .
Some of Musharraf 's achievements are significant . Relations with India have improved , the Kashmir insurgency supported by Pakistan has been scaled back , a women 's protection bill was passed in the teeth of Islamic opposition , and a virulent public school curriculum that emphasized jihad and martyrdom has been toned down .
In fact , there is no technical reason why a species should go extinct , and great achievements in protecting biodiversity are being made .
Likewise , anthropological work across a great range of societies clearly describes emotions of sadness that develop in response to frustration in love , humiliation by rivals , or the inability to achieve valued cultural goals .
The IEA also points out that the targets can be achieved without unacceptable economic damage .
To many Arabs across the region , American reliance on overwhelming military force to achieve its stated goal of spreading democracy is an inherent contradiction .
It is becoming clear that no achievement , regardless of how great it may be , can justify the human cost that the Iraqi people paid over the last four decades .
The reality is that the OSCE has achieved its goals .
When local elders and delegates wanted to assemble in Mogadishu for a reconciliation conference , security conditions forced them to postpone the conference for several months -LRB- though when they did meet , in big numbers and for a long time , they achieved no breakthrough -RRB- .
It is as if in death , Arafat has given his people a chance to achieve what he could not achieve in life -- the dream of an independent democratic Palestinian state .
Unfortunately , all that the principal agent achieved was complicity in a devastating civil war .
The real problems with proxy wars begin , paradoxically , once victory has been achieved .
But I fear that the steps needed to emulate Estonia 's achievements may not be very welcome elsewhere in the EU .
Although Egypt and Tunisia 's pro-democracy movements achieved rapid regime change , uncertainties remain in those countries , too .
Science is a noble pursuit , but genuine progress in scientific research is not easy to achieve .
The question is not whether or not to include monetary analysis in the monetary policy strategy , but how to reconcile the results from the monetary and the economic analyses to achieve a comprehensive and consistent assessment of the risks to price stability .
Instead , the euro achieved what it was meant to achieve : the crisis was contained , because it could not inflict damage on foreign-exchange markets within the euro area .
This achievement contrasts starkly with all the critical voices that warned against the experiment of European Monetary Union and even predicted its early failure .
The main idea is to reduce the risk premia paid by debtors with lower fiscal credibility . But this can be achieved only by implicit or explicit guarantees from EMU countries with sound public finances .
Ending US involvement before the Iraqis can achieve these goals on their own would be disastrous for both US and Iraqi interests .
Whether Iraq achieves stability or is once again ripped apart by sectarian violence now depends , as it always has , on the new political elites .
The Bush administration insisted that Iraq achieve various `` milestones '' -- elections for which the country was not ready and completing a constitution in six weeks , to name two -- simply to create the appearance of substantive achievements ahead of the 2004 presidential election or the 2006 mid-term elections .
The only other way to achieve depreciation in real terms is through massive deflation of domestic prices , coupled with a severe recession .
There is nothing modest about that achievement , given Brazil 's traditional institutional instability and the series of major corruption scandals that engulfed Lula 's government in 2005 and 2006 .
And Lula achieved all this without triggering inflation , which he knows -- perhaps a result of his own impoverished childhood -- wreaks havoc on the poor most of all .
I support my family and have achieved fulfillment in my career .
Zhao 's allies are not out to `` humiliate China . '' Rather , like those around the world who believe China deserves credit for its impressive achievements -- indeed , like Liu Xiaobo himself -- they want their country to develop governing institutions befitting its growing economic stature .
Great achievements - material progress , dizzying new technologies such as the automobile , the telephone , the typewriter - existed back then , but also protests against a world that seemed out of the control of traditional political institutions .
Why was a cow preserved in formaldehyde a great cultural achievement ?
One achievement of the recent application of psychology to economics has been the demonstration of how irrational many human decisions are .
Family capitalism in the continental European model uses relatively little capital to achieve maximum control .
But that requires substantially greater centralization of political accountability and control than Europeans seem able to achieve today .
And there is no longer-term vision of how the fiscal integration needed for the effective operation of a monetary union could be achieved in a practical timeframe .
A government impressed by past national achievement , but fearful of being overtaken and deeply worried about its own legitimacy , is likely to look for an outlet in foreign policy to mobilize domestic support or ward off opposition .
But , in addition to supporting Liu 's achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese government 's reaction .
But even here there is a paradox for the regime . For inevitably , the ordinary men and women who have built modern China will demand to live in a freedom commensurate to their material achievements .
European leaders are wrong if they believe that Greece can achieve a solution through a resumption of normal market lending .
The Next Industrial Revolution NEW YORK -- A new global deal to tackle climate change will not only be good for business , it is crucial to achieve sustainable growth for the global economy .
To create some certainty and achieve the scale of investment necessary to make a major change in our economic direction , it must be clear to business that political leaders , from developed and developing countries alike , are committed to this course .
Can India achieve this ?
In order to achieve this in a true democracy , India must ensure distributive justice .
A powerful lobbying effort included millions of dollars spent to support passage of one of the crowning achievements of Bush 's foreign policy : the United States-India Civil Nuclear Cooperation Agreement .
To achieve these ends , Japan must be endowed with responsibilities equivalent to the country 's national power , while securing the safety , comfort , and prosperity of Japan and preserving the people 's identity as Japanese with pride and honor .
China seeks not only to secure its energy supplies , but to achieve broader security goals .
Nevertheless , the treaty is a considerable achievement .
While the US will probably not achieve all of its goals in Iraq , the war has clearly confirmed and strengthened its global supremacy .
Many countries that achieved independence as a result of the national liberation movements of the 1940 's -1990 's have proved themselves incapable of creating the conditions of normal life within their territories .
Indeed , some analysts argue that former President Bill Clinton 's efforts to achieve a breakthrough with Iran failed because they were addressed to Iran 's presidents .
It is common for competing groups to sacrifice national interests -- such as Iran 's international credibility -- to achieve their own goals .
With a dismissive sneer , President Bush and his advisors are willing to let the world run great risks in order to achieve it .
But the old ideas , the mimicry and symbols Putin employs to achieve his goals , no longer correspond to today 's realities or Russia 's present capabilities .
He simply ignored him while reversing his achievements in building a free Russia .
To achieve this goal he sought to restore high culture to a position of primacy in Russian life , and to put mass media in its -LRB- politically -RRB- subservient place .
Upon assuming the presidency in 2008 , Medvedev proclaimed : `` We must achieve a true respect for law , and overcome the legal nihilism that is hampering modern development . '' And , in a much discussed newspaper article entitled `` Russia Forward , '' he declared , `` Should we continue to drag into the future our primitive raw-materials economy , endemic corruption , and inveterate habit of relying on the state to solve our problems ?
I am convinced that no development of a country , no success or ambitions , can be achieved through human grief and losses .
In December 2009 in Copenhagen , world leaders talked far into the night , and emerged , according to the conventional wisdom , with virtually nothing . In fact , though we did not get a comprehensive , legally binding treaty that would usher in an era of sustainable , low-carbon prosperity , as we had hoped , there were significant achievements in Copenhagen .
Much of this progress was achieved during the Cold War , proving that it is possible to create global legal norms even in times of deep political division .
This year was one of signature achievements in restoring and securing peace -- in Côte d'Ivoire , Darfur , Egypt , and elsewhere . But hatred and bloodshed still stand in the way of our vision for peace .
Yet we have achieved enough to know that the goals are within reach .
In 2000 , the world 's leaders committed to achieve major reductions in poverty , hunger , and disease by 2015 .
The Millennium Village Project , a partnership of academia , business , and UN agencies , aims to show how these goals can be achieved in even the poorest communities in the world .
Many efforts are underway worldwide to achieve this goal . Earlier this year , the 65-member Conference on Disarmament -- the forum that produces multilateral disarmament treaties -- broke a deadlock and agreed to negotiations on a fissile material treaty . Other issues it will discuss include nuclear disarmament and security assurances for non-nuclear-weapon states .
My own five-point plan to achieve this goal begins with a call for the NPT Parties to pursue negotiations in good faith -- as required by the treaty -- on nuclear disarmament , either through a new convention or through a series of mutually reinforcing instruments backed by a credible system of verification . Disarmament must be reliably verified .
Yet , of all the Millennium Development Goals , maternal health is the slowest to be achieved .
Instead of dealing with these concrete threats to Japan , Hatoyama continues to act like an opposition politician by attacking the LDP and undermining one of the proudest achievements of LDP rule , the deep and trusting alliance with the US .
Speaking at the United Nations plenary meeting this September , Kan said that his government seeks to achieve a `` society in which human suffering is reduced a minimum . '' National security is treated as a low-grade issue .
To stop the country 's fiscal rot , Japan must achieve a consensus on the type of social services that national and local governments should offer , for how long , and at what cost .
The Chinese navy , it is now believed , is trying to achieve that very aim .
And Europe can not hope to achieve its aims with technical programs alone .
But an overarching collective commitment is needed to take advantage of this opportunity , and to achieve inclusive development .
Only then can Argentina achieve greater social equality and boost economic competitiveness .
This hampers the optimization process , and is one of the main reasons why several large projects investigating energy production using more abundant Uranium-238 or Thorium -LRB- fast breeder reactors -RRB- were closed in Europe and the United States before they achieved the expected level of performance .
It rejects Medvedev 's appeals for a new security architecture , Russia 's attempt to renegotiate the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe -LRB- CFE -RRB- and the OSCE 's mandate and agenda on the grounds that this would constitute a retreat from the achievements of the 1990 's .
Unless the ECB picks up the pace of interest-rate increases now , the goal of interest-rate neutrality may not be politically feasible , jeopardizing achievement of the bank 's price stability goals .
Indeed , even before the sudden downturn in the US economy , a growing number of members of the ECB 's Governing Council already had come to the conclusion that accelerating the pace of interest-rate increases was needed if its goal of monetary neutrality was to be achieved .
Alas , there has been only persistent talk of failure -- to achieve political union , to adopt a constitution , to exercise global leadership and vision , to implement economic reforms , and the list of laments goes on .
Several frustrated hawks on the Governing Council are dead set against cutting interest rates precisely because they believe that , at 4 % , rates already have been `` cut '' from the 5 % or so levels they had expected to achieve .
These threats may be proving counter-productive to the achievement of price stability in the euro-zone economy , the central bank 's primary objective .
Notwithstanding the ECB 's significant achievements during the Duisenberg years , important problems remain for the new president , Jean-Claude Trichet of France .
During the presidential elections Mr. Andrzej Olechowski ran as an independent candidate . He had no party support , no big money , but he somehow managed to place second with 17 % of the votes , more than what the governing party achieved .
A formal , mutually acceptable partition of Kosovo -- a territorial exchange of the type that almost everyone concedes is the only viable solution to the Israel-Palestine conflict -- could achieve a full and final settlement .
This will test the resolve of Israel and the international community to achieve tangible progress on re-starting negotiations .
However , when deterrence becomes indistinguishable from collective punishment -- barred under international law by Article 33 of the Fourth Geneva Convention -- it is far less likely to achieve its intended result .
Benjamin Netanyahu 's right-wing Likud Party and the even harder right Avigdor Lieberman and his Yisrael Beiteinu -LRB- Israel is Our Home -RRB- party achieved a dominant result that saw Labor , the dominant party throughout Israel 's history , consigned to a lowly fourth place .
Some Israeli right-wing leaders like Menachem Begin , Shamir , and Netanyahu trumpet their settlement achievements .
Instead , the Americans have their own ideas about how to achieve a breakthrough , especially with Israel , which the Obama administration believes is now the major obstacle .
It called for the `` achievement of a just solution to the Palestinian refugee problem to be agreed upon in accordance with UN General Assembly Resolution 194 . ''
RAMALLAH -- Direct talks between Palestinian and Israeli leaders are the most obvious way to achieve peace in the Middle East conflict .
Doing so might be the best way to achieve peace -- a paradox that reflects the huge gap between a peace process and achieving genuine peace .
Peace between the conflicting parties east of the Mediterranean and west of the Jordan river can and must be achieved through negotiations .
Contrary to territorial withdrawal , cessation of violence can be achieved only bilaterally .
The unilateralism that Israelis overwhelmingly voted for in their recent election is based on the idea that security can somehow be achieved by erecting physical walls and barriers .
Arguably , the best legacy Anwar might eventually leave Malaysia would not be what he can achieve for the UMNO and the National Front , but what role he might play in entrenching a contest of ideas into Malaysian politics -- a project he has shown himself keen to promote .
But , despite these achievements , European integration is far from complete , and it will remain so until all European countries can follow the same development path .
Three weeks ago , I joined a group of five Nobel laureates and three distinguished economists to undermine one of those excuses , by providing information about where money can achieve the most good .
To guide our thinking , we asked ourselves : if we had , say , an extra $ 75 billion to spend , where could we achieve the most good ?
It might be fashionable to talk about just a couple of the globe 's challenges , but we could achieve a lot more if we focused first on where our spending would be most rational .
Throughout the 20 ` th century Estonia tried to achieve a similar goal but , alas , with practically no beneficial results .
No price is too high to achieve that end , so traditional threats about dividing Ukraine have been used .
Whereas representation in democratic countries is based on people 's confidence that they can achieve a better future under their elected leaders , in countries like Venezuela and Bolivia nowadays , representation is based on a simple identification with the leader : `` He 's one of us . ''
A decline in extreme poverty and inequality , and the creation of trustworthy institutions , can be achieved in the country 's beguiled by caudillismo only if the caudillo loses control of the wealth that sustains his rule .
The other parties made it easier for him by discrediting each other , failing even to defend their own achievements over the previous 20 years .
Efforts to eradicate coca plantations have achieved the bare minimum , and increasingly frequent seizures of cocaine and coca paste originating in Peru indicate that trafficking activities are relocating to Bolivia , thus bringing more illicit money and more organized -- and violent -- criminal groups .
Even with a weak health system , it is possible to achieve measurable mortality reduction .
To achieve this , the Global Change Council of Germany -LRB- WGBU -RRB- suggests that a budget formula be adopted .
In order to achieve this , the Central Climate Bank must have the power to do its job .
They trumpeted France 's invasion by `` Polish plumbers , '' calling into question Europe 's two principal achievements : the introduction of a single market , which has undeniably boosted the French economy , and EU enlargement , which has done so much to foster democratic transition in new member states .
It relies on competition , rather than bureaucratic heavy-handedness , to achieve its goals .
But there are obvious limits to what can be achieved .
Solidarity can not be achieved when our most important institutions are excluded .
Monetary-policy initiatives that emphasize increased collaboration among central banks to achieve financial stability and sustainable growth in global liquidity thus would be particularly welcome .
China 's Evolving Economic System It is generally agreed that China 's impressive economic achievements during the last three decades are largely the result of the radical reform of its economic system .
But success presents Uribe with a new set of challenges that risk undoing most of his achievements .
In fact , should events turn out badly , critically-minded and well-informed urban achievers would be most likely to embrace the ultimate form of non-participation : emigration .
If SARS is brought under control worldwide in the next few months , public health authorities will have achieved a great triumph .
The first response can be described as realist : no matter who governs in America , concrete results need to be achieved .
However , the reverse sometimes is achieved , as another study in Paraguay shows .
Communication between users and government services is vital to achieve any real improvement .
Evidence from this and smaller-scale programs show significant increases in household consumption , reducing poverty in the short run , and that such programs improve school enrollment and attendance rates , although they do less for achievement levels .
If we could only find the political will , establishing free trade could be achieved at a very low cost , with benefits of up to $ 2.4 trillion a year .
In fact , the target is not scientifically backed , and the suggestion that we could achieve it is entirely implausible .
This could be achieved if all countries committed to spending 0.05 % of GDP on research and development of non-carbon-emitting energy technologies .
Deciding what level of temperature change we should aim for -- and how to achieve it -- is a discussion that should engage all of us .
Both would achieve these ambitious cuts by the same method : a cap-and-trade system that imposes limits on industry emissions and forces businesses to buy rights to any additional emissions .
This is a very expensive , unwieldy way to achieve a very small reduction in temperatures .
We can achieve this by spending dramatically more researching and developing low-carbon energy .
This is a respectable sum , and certainly a benefit that the international community should try to achieve .
And the benefits would increasingly accrue to the developing world , which would achieve the biggest boosts to growth rates .
Moreover , if we could stop global warming -LRB- which we ca n't -RRB- , the benefit for future generations would be one-tenth or less of the benefit of freer trade -LRB- which we certainly can achieve -RRB- .
Of course , carbon cuts are not designed only to tackle malaria . But , for every problem that global warming will exacerbate -- hurricanes , hunger , flooding -- we could achieve tremendously more through cheaper , direct policies today .
To achieve that , the European Union has made the inevitable , almost ridiculous proposal of bribing developing nations to take part -- at a cost of ¤ 175 billion annually by 2020 .
There is an alternative to spending so much to achieve so little .
We could prioritize our spending to achieve the greatest benefit for our money .
At the other end of the scale , responses to climate change like the Kyoto Protocol would cost more than they would achieve , so the economists crossed them off the list of things to do right now .
It will produce a `` to do '' list that will demonstrate how to achieve the most that we can for humanity , which could lead , in turn , to more transparent decision-making .
Measures that consistently over-promise and under-achieve at vast cost do not win hearts and minds in the best of times .
What could be achieved by planting more trees , cutting methane , or reducing black soot emissions ?
The best solution to climate change achieves the most good for the lowest cost .
Importantly , the new research shows that adaptation would achieve a lot more than cuts in carbon emissions .
For every dollar spent on adaptation , we would achieve about $ 1.70 worth of positive changes for the planet .
Little or no consideration will be given to whether the means of cutting emissions are sufficient to achieve the goals .
Compare this to other analyses showing that strong and immediate carbon cuts would be expensive , yet achieve as little as $ 0.02 of avoided climate damage .
If we continue implementing policies to reduce emissions in the short term without any focus on developing the technology to achieve this , there is only one possible outcome : virtually no climate impact , but a significant dent in global economic growth , with more people in poverty , and the planet in a worse place than it could be .
But our current approach to combating global warming -- focusing primarily on how much carbon to try to cut through taxes , rather than on how to achieve this technologically -- puts the cart before the horse .
When Nobel Laureate economists weighed up how to achieve the most good for the world in a recent project called the Copenhagen Consensus , they found that focusing on HIV\/AIDS , malaria , malnutrition , and trade barriers should all be tackled long before we commit to any dramatic action on climate change .
Developments that are fundamental to European competitiveness , like an EU-wide patent , have proved impossible to achieve .
While Russia is not as politically or economically appealing as the EU , it can fall back on reliance on its natural resources to achieve its political objectives in adjacent territories .
Moreover , it could be argued that if more knowledge is not added to exports , it will be hard to achieve sustainable economic development based on natural resources .
Singh stood his ground and achieved victory .
The achievements and aspirations of that liberal experiment today unite Egyptians who favor reform .
The dominant National Democratic Party -LRB- NDP -RRB- takes a different view , arguing that political change can be achieved without constitutional reform .
The political sentiments of many of the hundreds of thousands of people who gathered in Cairo 's Tahrir Square over the last three weeks leave little doubt that they do want democracy , and are willing to work and even to sacrifice for it . Whether they are numerous enough , resourceful enough , patient enough , wise enough , and brave enough -- and whether they will be lucky enough -- to achieve it is a question that only the people of Egypt can answer .
This is too small a pool of money from which to achieve deficit reduction on the scale that the US will need in the years ahead .
More than for any other `` alien '' in his country , language is for a writer not only an achievement , but a spiritual home .
Magris 's novel is not only an important literary achievement ; it also has a deep connection to the dangers that we face now , particularly the wave of fanaticism , from Mumbai to Oslo , in the name of a holy war against the `` other . '' Are all the extremists searching for a new coherence , for a lost illusion of togetherness and a new hope of resurrection ?
It is also a rich and original literary achievement that challenges today 's consumerist ethic .
With international collaboration and sound policies , we can achieve that success by launching a new era of low-carbon economic growth while adapting to the climate change that is on the way .
The Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis , and Malaria has shown how much can be achieved through adopting a results-oriented approach to financial support .
But , looking forward , as these headwinds fade , faster growth and poverty alleviation are becoming easier to achieve .
Since 2000 , sub-Saharan African countries have achieved economic growth of 5-7 % .
If a few NGOs have achieved great results fighting the ills of Africa 's poor , the vast majority are perceived as either a `` fifth column '' of the West or a refuge for fringe members of the elite who use widespread poverty as another source of lucre .
The seven member countries of ASEAN decided to implement economic `` roadmaps '' defining integration priorities , a testimony to their determination to achieve a single economic community .
Indeed , Africa is at a turning point . Since 2000 , its sub-Saharan countries have achieved average economic growth of 5-7 % .
The Egyptians , with a historical civilization second to none in terms of achievements in all walks of life , want desperately to associate with the Arabs , with whom they have no kinship other than colonization . Likewise , the other people of North African countries are Berbers who , less than half a century ago , were given cash incentives to learn Arabic .
As long ago as 1975 , Gafaar al-Nimeiry , Sudan 's military head of state , stated with great prescience what Sudan and Africa needed to do to achieve peace and stability . `` Unity based on diversity has become the essence and the raison d'être of the political and national entity of many an emerging African country today .
Moreover , it was achieved without a shot being fired .
Many of the important steps taken to stabilize the global financial system and economy , as well as to address the root causes of this crisis , will be achieved through the G-20 .
This is an important achievement , but it should not be taken as a signal to relax .
We can not continue to commit ourselves to delivering a more competitive Europe while denying ourselves the means to achieve it .
The single market is one of the European Union 's greatest achievements .
After 50 years , many elements of the original vision have been achieved , some have failed , and there have been more than a few surprises .
In those respects , the original vision was achieved .
I am a social democrat who was never a Communist party member , though I achieved success as a lawyer in Soviet times .
They see a time of hardship , yes , but also of great achievements -- in economic development , science , culture , education , and defense of the motherland during the war .
What victories has Russia 's army achieved in these years ?
But female students ' academic achievements have not increased women 's presence in top jobs .
The Organ Crisis LONDON -- Organ transplantation is one of the most impressive achievements of modern medicine .
The result is that Europe 's achievements in recent years -- its expansion to create a single economic market of 500 million people and its creation of the euro as a currency that challenges the dollar -- are not accompanied by a significantly greater global standing .
Recently , there have been efforts to revive the strategy by renaming it the Union for the Mediterranean , but still with little concrete achievement .
Officials ' preoccupation with commanding respect and not losing face leads them to focus almost exclusively on China 's achievements .
The other four posts will probably be decided as part of a package deal , owing to the need to achieve some sort of balance .
However , it is sometimes repressed that the massive use of force had been necessary to achieve that result .
To achieve that , the country must promote itself as a motor of serious European reform , without neglecting the debate on the member states ' role in the EU 's economic choices .
The prospect of a truly global community of nations working together to achieve the greater good for all is indeed exciting .
Given increasing public wariness about Afghanistan in the US and elsewhere , and the countries ' overwhelming reliance on international largesse , it would be tempting to follow the usual route by developing internationally-generated goals and then engaging with Afghan leaders to explore how best to achieve them .
The losers refused to admit that the achievement of freedom was Poland 's greatest success in 300 years .
Bronek was proud of Poland 's stubborn will to freedom , its achievements , the democratic transformation which , thanks to the compromise reached at the Round Table negotiations , allowed for a bloodless end to dictatorship . He was proud of Poland 's membership in NATO and the European Union , of Polish economic successes .
These studies have received wide attention , but an equally momentous achievement of genetic modification has been largely ignored for almost a decade .
During the past half-century , genetic engineers , using increasingly powerful and precise tools and resources , have achieved breakthroughs that are opening up new opportunities in a broad array of fields .
The Venter lab 's achievement builds on similar work that began decades ago . In 1967 , a research group from Stanford Medical School and Caltech demonstrated the infectiousness of the genome of a bacterial virus called ??174 , whose DNA had been synthesized with an enzyme using the intact viral DNA as a template , or blueprint .
On the other hand , Swiss bioengineer Martin Fussenegger correctly observed that the Venter achievement `` is a technical advance , not a conceptual one . '' Other scientists noted that the organism is really only `` semi-synthetic , '' because the synthetic DNA -LRB- which comprises only about 1 % of the dry weight of the cell -RRB- was introduced into a normal , or non-synthetic , bacterium .
Thus , for all its awe-inspiring economic achievement , China has made remarkably little progress in political liberalization .
But low-income countries are still far from meeting the goal of ensuring that all children complete primary school : only 63 % of children in those countries achieve that milestone .
To achieve her goal , she prefers to emphasize her `` essence , '' thereby countering Sarkozy 's stress on his record as a `` doer . ''
China and Russia in the New World Disorder Can Kosovo achieve independence without the tacit consent of Russia , and can there be a humanitarian and political solution to the tragedy in Darfur without the active goodwill of China ?
Whatever the huge political , social , and economic tensions may exist , there is a `` feel good '' factor in China , a sense of progress , with the 2008 Olympics in Beijing figuring as the symbolic moment that will proclaim to the world the scale of the country 's achievements .
They see in the West a mixture of respect for their achievements and apprehension for the challenge they now pose , and that fills them with pride .
America is once more paving the way for what Europeans should be able to achieve one day with their own minorities : a land of dreams made possible .
For decades , `` reconciliation '' and its most remarkable achievement -- the Franco-German rapprochement -- was the trademark of the project to create an ever closer union in Europe .
It is with the French of Algerian descent , not to mention Algeria itself , that reconciliation seems most difficult to achieve .
We intend to achieve results through clear priorities and strong cooperation with all of our partners .
As France 's Robert Schuman , one of the EU 's founding fathers , said in 1950 , `` Europe will neither happen in one go , nor as a whole construct : it will happen through concrete achievements , first by creating a de facto solidarity . ''
Many thought that this solidarity had been achieved in October 2004 , with the signing of the Nice treaty , which outlined an EU constitution .
It is now up to the EU 's political leadership to move quickly and take firm grasp of the achievements that initially gave birth to the Lisbon treaty . A charter of fundamental rights has , for example , been integrated into the treaty ; but , unless the member states bring it to life , it will certainly fail to yield concrete results .
And yet China 's reliance on economic policies that require the heavy hand of the state to achieve officially decreed targets had been fading .
The way to achieve this is to decouple the question of who pays for most efforts to mitigate climate change from the question of where , geographically , these efforts take place .
If a country exceeds its level of emissions , it must buy additional credits from other countries that achieve emissions lower than their permitted levels .
Given the structure of the problem -- sequential decision-making with uncertainty about all the relevant parameters -LRB- including costs , the efficient pattern of mitigation , and technology -RRB- -- it would be wiser to adopt a more flexible strategy that provides incentives and regulations to achieve measurable intermediate progress , while generating a lot of useful information along the way .
But the collective action problem is no less daunting , and it requires urgent attention if the world 's growth aspirations are to be achieved .
The problem is all the more pressing because countries can achieve gains in market share not only through higher private-sector competitiveness , but also by means of protectionist measures .
He achieved an enviable rate of economic development for a country starved of natural resources , helped to eradicate poverty , and deepened Tunisia 's ties with Europe through tourism , trade , and cultural relations .
Such an achievement would offer the world a needed alternative to the increasingly questionable model of economic globalization .
Finally , one would hope that the concept of belonging to the same Mediterranean family could bring about new solutions to old conflicts -- for example , offering Palestinians and Israelis alike the healing that both peoples desire , but which the dying old Arab order failed to achieve .
Critics of the spreading practice of citizenship testing certainly think so ; in fact , they go so far as to lament the rise of a new `` repressive liberalism '' -- Western states ' efforts to achieve democratic and liberal ends with increasingly illiberal means .
There are a number of ways to account for Jews ' disproportionate achievement .
Yet stability was achieved .
To achieve this goal , the agricultural economy must be revived in order to revive this industry , providing jobs and food for people .
Essential here , is to attract expatriate Afghans with skills and professional achievements to help in rebuilding the country by establishing small firms that will suck up the unemployed .
In order to attract the FDI needed to achieve this , southern African countries have enacted laws aimed at encouraging greater private sector participation , with special emphasis on foreign investment .
That is their only guarantee to live in peace and to achieve prosperity .
Yet there is already a persistent theme in criticism of such tribunals : in their effort to do justice , they are obstructing achievement of a more important goal , peace .
We can not rule out the possibility that doing justice in Darfur will make it more difficult to achieve peace there .
These achievements are not stopping war , but they are reducing the number of terrible human rights violations that accompany armed conflict .
The fact that the movement continues to secure advances even in difficult times is an indication of the enduring significance of what was achieved in 1948 when the world 's governments declared that rights are universal .
It thus sometimes achieved indirectly what could not be done directly : the leveraging of American influence to promote human rights .
If the criterion of effectiveness is the ability to achieve all of a society 's goals , we will probably never find such a thing .
Compared to these failures , Vladimir Putin 's achievements in Chechnya look like the height of success .
When dogmatic faith enters politics , compromises on controversial issues , which are indispensable in a democracy , become difficult to achieve .
But a framework constructed to achieve what ?
How can innovation , which is never only technological , but social as well , be achieved and fully used ?
In relation to Russia and China , the European Union 's member states generally recognize that a more united European stance , however difficult to achieve in practice , would be desirable .
But I do know that that goal is far more likely to be achieved if newspapers take their readers seriously and train them as documentarians of their own communities and of their own moments .
The dollars invested by the Marshall Plan helped achieve US objectives in reconstructing Europe , but so did the ideas transmitted by American popular culture .
The only way to achieve the type of transformation in the Middle East that the Bush administration seeks is by working with others and avoiding the backlash that arises when America acts as a unilateral , imperial power .
To achieve this will require policies that open up economies , reduce bureaucratic controls , speed economic growth , improve educational systems , and encourage the types of gradual political changes now seen in small countries like Bahrain , Oman , Jordan , Kuwait , and Morocco .
Bush not only chose to visit Brussels , the capital of the European Union , on his February trip to Europe , but stated that what `` we seek to achieve in the world requires that America and Europe remain close partners . ''
This means that Bush has only a relatively short time to achieve his goals in Iraq .
But other goals , such as promoting democracy and human rights , are better achieved by soft power .
In Taiwan itself , there is a growing sense of national identity , but a sharp division between pragmatists of the `` pan-blue alliance , '' who realize that geography will require them to find a compromise with the mainland , and the ruling `` pan-green alliance , '' which aspires in varying degrees to achieve independence .
Indeed , psychologists have found that too much assertiveness by a leader worsens relationships , just as too little limits achievement .
The problem of American power in the wake of the financial crisis is not one of decline , but of a realization that even the most powerful country can not achieve its aims without the help of others .
The paradox of American power is that the strongest country since the days of Rome can not achieve its objectives acting alone .
Unfortunately , that historic achievement is now being called into question .
In other words , the network provides power to achieve preferred outcomes with other players rather than over them .
Japan 's single-minded focus on economic growth achieved its goal , but the country developed only modest military and soft power .
China 's authoritarian political system has thus far shown an impressive capacity to achieve specific targets , for example , staging a successful Olympic Games , building high-speed rail projects , or even stimulating the economy to recover from the global financial crisis .
Existing platforms , such as the G-8 summits , are unsuitable to achieve this course of action , mainly because key players from the developing world are not included .
Coordination will surely deliver more satisfactory outcomes than what any one country can achieve on its own .
The implication here is that relying on free movement of capital to achieve exchange-rate appreciation and current-account deficits may generate a myriad of problems , including slower economic growth and the threat of asset bubbles and financial crises of their own .
Such a reform would also serve as a mechanism of coordination at the international level , since coordinated capital-account regulations by recipient countries would be difficult to achieve .
This proposal , while limited in scope , could play an important role in initiating discussion of deeper reforms while helping to restore the fragile world economy to health and achieve the aim expressed in the G-20 's Pittsburgh declaration : strong , sustainable , and balanced growth .
Biafra 's attempted secession in 1967 , and the subsequent civil war in which millions died , was triggered by rigged elections , massive official corruption , and the cynical use of ethnicity to achieve political ends .
Even in the turbulent 1990 's , when Nigeria was temporarily suspended from the British Commonwealth following the execution of minority rights campaigner Ken Saro-Wiwa by General Sani Abacha 's regime , the governing elite sought to achieve Nigeria 's `` rightful '' place in global affairs .
That the elections were held at all -- and without violent conflict between the country 's north and south -- is a remarkable achievement .
As Konstantin Kosachev , chairman of the Russian Duma 's foreign relations committee , put it , `` In Germany , Italy , France , we can achieve much more . ''
If we are to achieve the necessary levels of energy , land , water , and carbon productivity , we must develop an integrated global framework that recognizes resource inter-dependencies .
Lukashenko hopes that dramatic economic reforms will win Western support , disarm foreign and domestic critics , and achieve economic modernization under authoritarian rule .
Once a satisfactory level of price stability is achieved , euro candidates might apply a more flexible variant of inflation targeting that also targets exchange-rate stability .
Only if populism is put at the service of liberal reform will the government achieve lasting benefits .
Only by doing so can the Union achieve a more credible foreign and security policy and become a serious partner for the United States , its neighbors , and the rest of the world .
If as some argue Iran is being disingenuous , then once it achieves this first phase -- uranium enrichment for industrial purposes -- it can easily slide into weapons-grade enrichment , leaving the international community out in the cold , with no channels of communication , no observation teams in place , and no monitors ready to sound the whistle .
Otherwise , it will appear that no amount of negotiation can help set the Caucasus straight -- powerfully undermining a key restraint preventing the two sides from trying again to achieve a military solution .
If , in Astana , a high-level group reinforces the idea of a referendum and sets a mutually acceptable date , this would be a significant achievement .
Turkey 's achievements form a case study in successful economic development .
The under-valued renminbi has also made China a major recipient of foreign direct investment , even leading the world in 2002 -- a staggering achievement for a developing country .
As negotiations proceed in the years ahead , it is in the international community 's interest to support Turkey 's European future , while making a constructive contribution to end the division of Cyprus , so that the progress we have achieved is not lost .
The nature of capitalist growth requires us to take a more holistic view and work out how we can achieve sustainable development .
I realized that I would have to fight to communicate what I wanted to achieve .
We should celebrate these achievements even as we recognize that serious problems remain to be resolved .
As a result , fiscal consolidation becomes increasingly difficult to achieve , inviting renewed speculative attacks .
This year 's task may be to reach a global understanding in Copenhagen that is not too prescriptive , but which is more than aspirational and into which an American domestic political agreement can be incorporated once Obama achieves it .
But I have begun to wonder whether it will really be possible to achieve peace on this basis .
In a way , it underlines the importance of what has been achieved in Northern Ireland .
But that ambitious outcome is easier described than achieved .
His greatest achievement was the peace deal in Northern Ireland . That historic triumph depended on bringing in Sinn Fein politicians -- leaders of the Irish Republican movement who in many cases could not be distinguished from the IRA , which bombed , shot , and maimed civilians in pursuit of its political goals .
Maybe Blair has hit on how this can be achieved .
Jung Chang 's famous biography of Mao , published in 2005 , recounts those awful events in the sort of bleak detail that makes Communist propagandists nervous -- and some academic Sinologists critical that Mao 's achievements go too little recognized .
It is not as though Africa lacked resources or the ability to govern itself well . Peaceful Botswana is a good example of what can be achieved .
It is not that they have given up on government ; they are just realistic about what it can achieve .
Europe 's problem is part of what it believes to be its greatest achievement .
We wo n't thrive and prosper in the future by resting on past achievements .
It will not achieve this through its appalling Gaza policy .
They want less government , lower taxes , and a smaller deficit , a combination to be achieved seemingly without pain .
India is a glorious democracy with an economically literate government and pockets of real economic achievement .
But if the Mediterranean Union is to achieve more than was managed in its first manifestation , a number of things will need to happen .
It has long since been time to move on , making a sustained drive for the sort of settlement that was almost achieved in the Clinton years .
The agreements we have achieved thus far are like signposts showing progress along the road to mutual economic prosperity .
There are , of course , other amusing anecdotes . What is not amusing is the end result : the poppy eradication program achieved the opposite to what was intended .
Israel wants -- indeed , desperately needs -- peace and stability in the Middle East , and we will continue to do everything in our power to achieve it .
Syria 's behavior is closely related to its prospects for recovering its own occupied territory -- the Golan Heights -- and is clearly interested in a new peace process with Israel to achieve this national goal .
This should not , of course , be taken to mean that the patriots gushing over Lugovoi 's achievement concede the justice of the British allegations .
The social awareness of Homo Putinicus , meticulously burnished by television propagandists , is such that pride in Lugovoi 's achievement and indignation at the infamous campaign unleashed against him by those who hate Russia can jangle within the breast of ordinary Russians without the slightest dissonance .
The Kremlin 's achievements in securing the help of Americans willing to offer their influence are equally impressive .
In a recent study from the Brussels-based think tank Bruegel , Stéphane Rottier and Nicolas Véron provide a comprehensive scoreboard of the progress achieved in reforming financial regulation over the last two years , starting from the program agreed in November 2008 at the G-20 meeting in Washington .
Recent attempts to remedy this under the Capital Requirements Directive have been disappointing , even though it was plainly the best that could be achieved politically given EU countries ' differing views on prudential supervision .
In the absence of a willingness and ability to use violent repression , regime survival can be achieved only through concessions , accommodation , and periodic reinvention .
Nearly nine years ago , at the Millennium Development Summit in New York , the leaders of 180 countries , including all the major affluent nations , promised that by 2015 they would together achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
`` Dreams and Facts '' concludes with these stirring words : `` No man is liberated from fear who dare not see his place in the world as it is ; no man can achieve the greatness of which he is capable until he has allowed himself to see his own littleness . ''
Before taking office , President Barack Obama had promised a doubling of American foreign assistance , from $ 25 billion to $ 50 billion , but since then Vice-President Joe Biden has warned that this commitment will probably be achieved more slowly because of the downturn .
To throw away that achievement would impose costs not confined to the present episode .
But India 's example also provides a glimpse of what the world could achieve collectively .
But self-reliance will be impossible to achieve as long as the rich countries favor free markets and free trade only when it suits them .
It will be built through the practical achievements that first create a sense of common purpose . ''
Will Pakistan be dragged along the path of Islamic extremism and emergency rule , or finally achieve modernity as a secular nation under civilian leadership ?
Unfortunately , some analysts suggest that a Taiwan-ASEAN Free Trade Agreement of the likes of CAFTA may not yet be possible , so , in the interim , President Ma 's administration is striving to achieve separate free-trade agreements with various ASEAN members .
Only in this way will Asia achieve a higher quality of life and greater security for all its peoples .
At the Summit in Brussels in October , we decided to support these two countries in their efforts to achieve EU membership in 2007 .
Much has already been achieved in the negotiations , and an agreement of significant value is within reach .
With a neat twist of logic , our cognitive imperfections are turned on their heads , and made to work to achieve System-II choices .
But , through a policy of terror extending from Oaxaca in the south , through Acapulco on the Pacific coast , and up to the great border cities of Tijuana and Juarez -LRB- Mexico 's sixth and seventh most populous cities , respectively -RRB- , they have made it abundantly clear that they are trying to achieve impunity .
Much has already been achieved over the past six months to transform the political message of Rome into practical cooperation .
Private incentives always need to be aligned with social costs and benefits if productive efficiency is to be achieved .
For example , the principle that property rights should be protected implies very little about the best way to achieve this under a society 's existing institutional preconditions .
In agriculture and industry , price efficiency was achieved not by abolishing quotas and planned allocations , but by allowing producers to trade at market prices at the margin .
In international trade , openness was achieved not by reducing import barriers , but by creating special economic zones with different rules than those applied to domestic production .
But the initial spurt in growth can be achieved with minimal changes in institutional arrangements .
But how these ends are achieved differs .
For example , greater integration with world markets can be achieved via export subsidies -LRB- South Korea -RRB- , export-processing zones -LRB- Malaysia -RRB- , investment incentives for multinational enterprises -LRB- Singapore -RRB- , special economic zones -LRB- China -RRB- , regional free trade agreements -LRB- Mexico -RRB- , or import liberalization -LRB- Chile -RRB- .
Placing emphasis on governance also has the apparent virtue of helping to shift the focus of reform toward inherently desirable objectives . Traditional recommendations like free trade , competitive exchange rates , and sound fiscal policy are worthwhile only to the extent that they achieve other desirable objectives , such as faster economic growth , lower poverty , and improved equity .
But there is no universal rulebook ; different countries achieve these ends differently .
It is quite a feat to have achieved the degree of consensus he has around a set of ideas that departs in places so markedly from the traditional approach .
The crisis is an opportunity to achieve greater transparency on all fronts , including banking practices in rich countries that facilitate tax evasion in developing nations .
This `` mixed-economy '' model was the crowning achievement of the twentieth century .
Their professional expertise is validated by the quality of their advanced degrees , rather than by their achievements in practical policymaking .
Even if true , evading the controls requires incurring additional costs to move funds in and out of a country -- which is precisely what the controls aim to achieve .
The HDI is a measure of development that captures achievements in health and education alongside economic growth .
Macroeconomic stability can be achieved under a variety of fiscal institutions .
To understand Hamilton 's achievement -- and thus to appreciate its significance for our own times -- we need to understand the scale of the Revolutionary War debt crisis .
After all , many Asian countries have achieved impressive export-led growth under the current system .
But Mexico 's real obstacle is a political system unable to achieve any consensus on essential economic reforms .
With Latin America 's two largest economies in a holding pattern on reform , it is that much more difficult for even the region 's high flyers , such as Chile , to achieve escape velocity into a sustained high growth orbit .
The Germans tried to use their leadership in the G8 to achieve greater transparency in hedge funds , but they were beaten back by the US and Great Britain .
I beg to differ ; my reading of the evidence suggests that donors really do need to take extreme care not to make things worse , and that this is far more difficult to achieve in corrupt countries than the UN suggests .
Will policymakers find a way to achieve the necessary international coordination ?
Of course , given the ongoing recession , it may not be so easy for central banks to achieve any inflation at all right now .
For years , the US achieved fast growth by deferring attention to a variety of issues , ranging from the environment to infrastructure to health care .
So far , China has looked to external markets so that exporters can achieve the economies of scale needed to improve quality and move up the value chain .
Saudi Arabia 's national oil company has achieved homegrown expertise in oil drilling that is widely admired in the West .
Their most telling complaint is that too little is known about how quantitative easing works , and that the Fed is therefore taking undue risks with the global financial system to achieve a modest juicing of the US economy .
There is general agreement on the aims to be achieved in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict : the end of violence and a peaceful solution based on the concept of two sovereign states .
While the US tries to achieve this through hard power , regime change , sanctions , and threats of pre-emptive military intervention , Europe uses soft power , diplomacy , inclusion , and partnership .
Where they often diverge is in the means to achieve them .
Thus , the opposition achieved its objective : a beachhead in Venezuelan politics with real and significant popular support .
Brazilian officials know that they can achieve this goal only by acting independently -- but without diverging too far from the positions of the current permanent members .
It further rightly suggests that NATO 's strategic political and military objectives could be achieved jointly with Russia through greater stability , mutual transparency , predictability , and arms reduction verified by non-proliferation and arms control agreements .
But that is precisely why a credible IMF program that ties financial support to the progressive achievement of fiscal and structural reform goals is the right way to teach Greece and the other PIIGS how to fly .
But deflation is associated with persistent recession -LRB- see Argentina again -RRB- , and no country 's society and political system can accept years of recession and fiscal austerity to achieve real depreciation . Default and an exit from the euro would occur well before that .
But it took a decade for Germany to reduce its unit labor costs that way ; if Greece or Spain were to start today , the short run costs of resource reallocation would be large , while the benefits in terms of higher growth would take too many years to achieve .
The old model of private partnerships -- in which partners had an incentive to monitor each other to avoid reckless investments -- gave way to one of public companies aggressively competing with each other and with commercial banks to achieve ever-rising profitability , which was achievable only with reckless levels of leverage .
In principle , there is little difference between monetary easing -- lower policy rates or more QE -- that leads to currency weakening and direct intervention in currency markets to achieve the same goal .
If China , emerging markets , and other surplus countries prevent nominal currency appreciation via intervention -- and prevent real appreciation via sterilization of such intervention -- the only way deficit countries can achieve real depreciation is via deflation .
Markets do n't care that front-loaded fiscal consolidation is exacerbating recession and thus making the goal of reducing debt and deficits as a share of GDP near-impossible to achieve .
The last option -- deflation of wages and prices -- to reduce costs , achieve a real depreciation , and restore competitiveness is associated with ever-deepening recession .
But how can debt relief be achieved for the sovereign without imposing massive losses on Greek banks and foreign banks holding Greek bonds ?
Instruments to achieve those objectives were developed , and food security was achieved .
Indeed , the Court sought to leave no doubt about this : `` The question is narrow and specific ... it does not ask whether or not Kosovo has achieved statehood . '' The judges contrasted their opinion with that handed down by the Supreme Court of Canada when it was asked to rule on Quebec 's right to secede unilaterally .
By trying to do too much -- or believing that one can achieve more than is possible -- the result can be failure and certainly will be disappointment .
And , indeed , Turkey achieved great success -- arguably more than any other Muslim-majority state in the world -- in building democracy , maintaining stability , and moving forward economically .
History gave Yasir Arafat far more time than most leaders to achieve his mission .
And , in Israel , fulfilling it will be no small achievement .
Great achievements are possible when the Atlantic community is united .
Consider Russia , a nation with vast natural resources , an educated population , and a rich heritage of scientific and cultural achievements .
On hunger , the key is to help Africa achieve its own Green Revolution .
Poor countries achieve lower levels of corruption when civil rights are protected .
But realism in international economic affairs requires accepting that official development assistance can help achieve the broad political objectives of stability and democracy only in the long run .
They have also achieved high standards of governance .
In my work throughout the world , as an economist and development practitioner , I find that the vast majority of individuals and political leaders of all religions , races , and creeds are ready to work together to achieve the shared goals of prosperity and wellbeing for their children .
The overthrow of Saddam was the longstanding pet idea of the neoconservative Project for a New American Century , which was already arguing in the 1990 's that Saddam was likely to achieve a stranglehold over `` a significant proportion of the world 's oil supplies . ''
Peace can be achieved only with a withdrawal of foreign troops , and the arrival of jobs , productive farms and factories , tourism , health care , and schools .
Spending on the Iraq war , which achieves nothing but violence , is more than $ 100 billion per year .
These investments could be increased systematically during the period from now until 2015 , in order to enable these countries to achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
While international diplomacy focused on peacekeeping and on humanitarian efforts to save the lives of displaced and desperate people , peace in Darfur can be neither achieved nor sustained until the underlying crises of poverty , environmental degradation , declining access to water , and chronic hunger are addressed .
Only with improved access to food , water , health care , schools , and income-generating livelihoods can peace be achieved .
Success is being achieved in even the most remote and difficult places , such as the poverty-stricken states of northern India .
By training community health workers , the NRHM has achieved a marked reduction in newborn deaths in Indian villages .
The great question , of course , is whether stabilization of greenhouse gases , continued economic development , and adaptation to climate change can be achieved simultaneously .
Now it 's time to role up our sleeves and achieve what we 've promised .
We will need to embrace global goals and then establish scientific , engineering , and political processes to support their achievement .
But many poor countries , most famously China and India , have achieved extraordinary economic growth in recent years by harnessing cutting-edge technologies .
With greater investments , it will be possible to raise farm yields , lower energy use to heat and cool buildings , achieve greater fuel efficiency for cars , and more .
With new investments in research and development , still further improvements in technologies can be achieved .
But if the world cooperates on the research , development , demonstration , and diffusion of resource-saving technologies and renewable energy sources , we will be able to continue to achieve rapid economic progress .
To achieve these goals , the G-8 should set clear timetables for action , and transparent agreements on how to fund it .
Spain , under the leadership of Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero , has given a major stimulus to helping the poorest countries to achieve the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDGs -RRB- .
The plans are detailed , thoughtful , credible , and based on proven successes that the government has already achieved .
Small-scale demonstration projects prove how success can be achieved ; the challenge then becomes taking the solutions `` to scale '' in nationwide or even worldwide programs .
The result is a grain yield -LRB- for example , maize -RRB- that is roughly one-third less than what could be achieved with better farm inputs .
Global Macroeconomic Cooperation NEW YORK -- The world has yet to achieve the macroeconomic policy coordination that will be needed to restore economic growth following the Great Crash of 2008 .
By directing resources away from rich countries ' consumption to developing countries ' investment needs , the world can achieve a `` triple '' victory .
Each country asks itself , `` How do I do the least and get the other countries to do the most ? , '' when they should be asking instead , `` How do we cooperate to achieve our shared goals at minimum cost and maximum benefit ? ''
Achieving a new generation of electric vehicles will require a decade of public and private partnership to achieve basic technological development -LRB- such as improved batteries -RRB- , a more robust electric grid , new infrastructure for re-charging the automobiles , and much more .
Countries are being pressed to cut emissions by 2020 by certain percentage targets , without much serious discussion about how the cuts can be achieved .
During 2002-2006 , I led the United Nations Millennium Project , which aimed to achieve the Millennium Development Goals , for then-UN Secretary General Kofi Annan .
We need to rethink the climate challenge as an opportunity for global brainstorming and cooperation on a series of technological breakthroughs to achieve sustainable development .
During 2010 , high-income countries are expected to achieve modest annual GDP growth of around 2.7 % , while the G-20 's emerging economies , together with the rest of the developing world , are expected to grow at a robust 7.1 % rate .
At the start of the third millennium , Ban 's predecessor , Kofi Annan , brought the world 's leaders together to adopt the Millennium Development Goals , which established ambitious targets to be achieved in the fight against poverty , hunger , and disease by 2015 .
The question we examined is how to achieve happiness in a world that is characterized by rapid urbanization , mass media , global capitalism , and environmental degradation .
Third , happiness is achieved through a balanced approach to life by both individuals and societies .
That level of penetration took decades longer to achieve elsewhere , and the poorest countries are still not there .
Argentina achieved per capita economic growth of just 0.5 % during 1980-1998 , while Korea grew at a rate of 6.2 % per year , fueled by its high-technology exports .
In the past countries could achieve high living standards by exploiting natural resources .
For purposes of our report , we define competitiveness in a precise way : as a country 's capacity to achieve sustained economic growth in the medium term -- ie , five-years time .
With better policies all countries in the world could simultaneously achieve higher growth .
Even so , it does make sense to rank countries regarding their capacity to achieve growth .
Each country is interested in knowing whether its policies and institutions stack up against those of other nations in the capacity to achieve and sustain economic growth .
Some countries , like the US , Japan , Korea , Israel , and Sweden , invest heavily in research and development , and so achieve high rates of innovation .
Other countries , like Argentina and Brazil , invest less in research and development , and therefore achieve little in the way of new products and processes .
Countries with well-functioning public institutions achieve higher rates of economic growth than do countries plagued by corruption and rotten judges .
Still , our best guess is that this cyclical downturn will prove temporary , and that on a five-year perspective , the US will continue to demonstrate a strong capacity to achieve economic growth .
While these seem to be a grab-bag of achievements , they point to a single message : the world community is finding new ways to cooperate , even against a backdrop of terrorism and global recession .
At the UN Millennium Summit in September 2000 , 180 world leaders pledged to achieve significant advances in the well-being of the world 's poor by 2015 .
To further the Summit 's goals , Dr. Gro Harlem Brundtland asked me to head a Commission on Macroeconomics and Health with the aim of charting a path for the world to achieve those MDGs in health and poverty reduction .
India achieved notable successes more recently , though much remains to be accomplished .
Many studies , including those that I did for the World Health Organization , show that for a modest amount of money worldwide , perhaps an extra $ 50 - $ 100 billion per year in aid from rich countries , the Millennium Development Goals can be achieved .
Can a more balanced globalization be achieved ?
The truth , as usual , is more complicated , and understanding it helps us to comprehend what will be needed if real peace is to be achieved .
But all factions lose , because violence continues and none of them achieves its goals .
Although sanctions clearly create suffering in many places , how often have they achieved the desired goal ?
Indeed , Iraq is reportedly pumping 1-2 million barrels of oil a day rather than the 2-3 million barrels that the country could quickly achieve in peaceful circumstances .
This implies that if Iraq increased its oil exports by one million barrels a day -- which it could quickly achieve with a cessation of attacks on its infrastructure -- it would have around $ 10 billion per year in additional revenues to begin reconstruction .
That would represent an extra 3-4 million barrels per day on top of today 's production , or roughly $ 30-40 billion per year -- enough not only to restore basic services , but to achieve big improvements in living standards and economic growth in the medium term .
Setting goals was the easy part . When they return next fall , world leaders must decide on how to achieve them .
By financing a much higher level of investment in the next few years , rich countries would give poor countries the chance to achieve economic growth - promising an eventual end to further aid .
The idea of the IFF is to guarantee that donor countries double their aid levels during the next decade , so that well-governed poor countries can make the investments they need to achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
The Project , which I direct on behalf of the Secretary General , represents an effort by more than 250 scientists and development experts to identify practical means to achieve the Millennium Development Goals to cut extreme poverty , disease , and hunger by the year 2015 . Our new report , entitled Investing in Development : A Practical Plan to Achieve the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- available for download at
If more financial aid is combined with good governance in poor countries , then the Millennium Development Goals can be achieved on time .
To implement these commitments , world leaders , including US President George W. Bush , met again in Monterrey , Mexico , to adopt the Monterrey Consensus on how to achieve the breakthrough from poverty .
But they should learn from Iran 's revolution that their means of agitating for political reform are relevant to the political ends they hope to achieve .
But it has largely achieved its aims .
Much of this has been achieved through regional and international assistance , but on June 7 the Lebanese people , through the ballot box , proved that they hold ultimate decision-making power over the country 's precarious but potentially promising future .
With the crisis of the 1990 's brought on by the collapse of our Soviet patron , many Cubans returned to what Che said about economics , and admit the value of what is achieved with effort .
To achieve this , viable instruments are needed .
Today 's EU was built on concrete achievements , combining vision and the instruments needed to implement it .
It is also one of a handful of countries that have achieved significant results in recovering from the deep damage of prolonged conflict by rebuilding government and establishing the rule of law .
Although debt relief and the related policy reforms are a major political and economic achievement , they are not a panacea for Liberia 's considerable challenges .
The EU was founded in recognition that certain goals could only be achieved through cooperation .
The NATO Response Force will soon achieve its initial operational capability , and our new Multinational Defense Battalion to deal with chemical , biological , radiological and nuclear threats is already fully operational - all ideas proposed by the United States , and implemented rapidly by the alliance .
Common funding , with all members paying a share according to their GDP , is one instrument that can be used to achieve more equitable burden-sharing .
If it is to be achieved , US officials must restrain themselves from exacerbating old fears by viewing China as a threat .
While China 's achievement is worthy of genuine esteem , its efforts to gain a full measure of international respect and real `` great power '' status will not succeed until it matches its new economic and military power with a certain essential moral force .
But to achieve these results , and thereby convince our citizens of the EU 's value , Europe 's decision-making capacity must be strengthened and democratized .
There are good reasons to believe that the level of stability achieved in Iraq can be maintained even without a large-scale US presence .
First , the international community seems to be suffering from schizophrenia : whereas all countries solemnly affirmed their commitment to the MDGs , few have provided the means to achieve them .
While more action is needed to accelerate progress , a failure to achieve the MDGs by 2015 would not mean that they are worthless , or that aid is inefficient .
Why then ca n't a similar sisterhood be achieved in the realm of politics ?
That revelation has undermined much of the good Putin has achieved in office , for it has made foreign investors wary once again of doing business in Russia .
One early Palestinian achievement has been a ceasefire agreement among all factions , including Hamas and Islamic Jihad -LRB- although both groups claim the right to retaliate for Israel 's `` targeted killings '' of their leaders -RRB- .
This is because the second phase , which still has to be achieved , calls for a Palestinian state with contiguous but provisional borders .
The roadmap , with its promise of fast achievements in the form of an Israeli settlement freeze and early Palestinian statehood , provides incentives for the Palestinian Authority to deliver security for Israelis on a sustained basis .
But despite its achievements , many people believe that the welfare state comes at too high a price in terms of dampening economic dynamism .
But if there is no market that impersonally values and rewards scientific achievement , how are good scientific projects to be selected and rewarded without the great waste that often accompanies non-market , bureaucratic solutions to the problems of provision of public goods ?
If they succeed in devising policies , laws , and incentives that achieve this , a byproduct would likely be a reduction in inequality , which one hopes would reinforce the improved sense of trustworthiness .
Exuberant Brazil Brazil 's stock market , as measured by the inflation-corrected Bovespa index , has more than quadrupled in value since President Luis Inácio Lula da Silva 's first election victory in October 2002 , and is now at almost twice the peak achieved in 2000 .
But if Obama presses Hu to revalue the Chinese currency as the best way to achieve recalibration , Hu is likely to push back , asking Obama what he intends to do to stem the massive US deficits that will cause inflation and reduce the value of investments by Chinese and others in American securities .
This might seem strange to the Western mind , for which the great Soviet space achievements and the USSR existed as separate entities : while everyone praised Soviet science , very few admired the totalitarian USSR .
But for Tereshkova and other women of her generation , the great Soviet state and the daring achievements of Soviet science were inseparable .
In fact , the allusion to space exploration has another dimension : the achievements of any great are not bound to one 's time or place of origin and can be transmitted to other cultures and generations .
At the same time , Zakaev maintained rather friendly relations with Kadyrov , whose achievements -- making Chechnya practically independent -- he implicitly acknowledged .
An important way to achieve both objectives is by expanding carbon markets . Carbon finance is an effective vehicle for channeling funds for climate-friendly investments , including to the developing world .
In the 1990 's , we in the development community made a serious and costly blunder by pressuring national governments in developing countries to impose school fees in order to help achieve balanced budgets .
In fact , de-politicization is seen to be advisable because it allows for the easy achievement of balances .
Do such adoptions achieve anything more than helping the individual children adopted ?
Because of these ideals , he proclaimed , the United States `` remains a beacon of hope for all who dream of liberty and a shining example to the world of what a free people can achieve . ''
They may strive to improve their performance , but often they do so for its own sake , for the sense of achievement .
I am pleased when I swim fast , but I would get no sense of achievement from improving my time if the improvement came out of a bottle .
There you will find a set of thoughtful proposals ranging from raising the minimum wage to establishing model `` Promise Neighborhoods '' that will attempt to turn around areas with high levels of poverty and low levels of educational achievement by providing services such as early childhood education and crime prevention .
Obama 's achievement raises the stakes for his first term in office .
But , in assessing the benefits achieved by economic growth , it is a mistake to focus on whether the income gap between rich and poor widened or narrowed .
· Give yourself a small reward each time you achieve one of the steps towards your goal ;
That achievement appeared to take us significantly closer to a world in which patients could be given cell or tissue transplants that their bodies would not reject , because the biological materials , cloned from the patients themselves , would be a perfect match .
But it is precisely this reasoning that is threatened by what Hwang and his team claimed to have achieved .
Well-known University of Pennsylvania bioethicist Art Caplan says that the achievement ranks as a discovery of historic significance , because it `` would seem to extinguish the argument that life requires a special force or power to exist . ''
The UN press release called the document a `` global action plan '' to achieve the MDGs , but it is more an expression of aspirations than a plan .
That meant that progress already made could contribute to the achievement of the goal .
Dean Karlan , a professor of economics at Yale University , examined ways to help some of the Philippines ' poorest people achieve their goals .
Using the account that penalized early withdrawals helped them achieve their goals .
In a randomized trial , 30 % of those who risked a penalty for failure achieved their goal , compared to only 5 % in the control group .
How , they asked themselves , can we give people stronger incentives to keep their resolutions and achieve their personal goals ?
Chua would reply that reaching a high level of achievement brings great satisfaction , and that the only way to do it is through hard work .
It is because copyright lasts so long that as many as three-quarters of all library books are `` orphaned . '' This vast collection of knowledge , culture , and literary achievement is inaccessible to most people .
Sadly , today 's EU labor markets are too inflexible to achieve this result .
It allows for fine-tuning and self-selection of migration flows , yielding far better results than even the most well-meaning bureaucrats could ever achieve .
And German Chancellor Angela Merkel achieved a substantial diplomatic success .
The wording may sound vague , but , given the positions the countries held at the outset , the outcome was an important achievement .
If the GDL gets a higher wage settlement than achieved in the general wage agreement for all railway workers , the general agreement will become invalid -- an outcome that the railway management can not accept under any conditions .
As a comprehensive monopoly , an industry-wide union achieves higher wages than would be possible under conditions of competition , i. e. without any unions , and consequently increases unemployment .
But unions based on trades , which operate largely independently of one another , achieve even higher wages and create even more unemployment -- so much so that employees as a whole are much worse off than they would be if an industry-wide union represented them .
To achieve this leadership position , it needs less than a quarter of US per capita GDP , because its population is more than four times larger .
Nevertheless , China helped the US to achieve a higher standard of living by making money available to government authorities that would otherwise have had to come from American taxpayers .
The Europeans wanted to achieve their goal through , among other means , further environmental protection and more social cohesion -- desirable aims , but certainly not growth strategies .
This is true , but the same result can be achieved by paying off foreign debt , which is a better policy , especially at the outset , when the fund is trying to build up credibility .
We are told by its apostles that the wholesale impairment of most of what gave meaning to life is necessary to achieve an `` efficient allocation of capital '' and a `` reduction in transaction costs . ''
This was the main achievement of mathematical economics . Whereas guarding against uncertainty had traditionally been a moral issue , hedging against risk is a purely technical question .
The development discussion today is essentially about how such preconditions of poverty reduction and economic growth can be achieved without colonialism .
Nevertheless , Russia may be able to develop , out of its own spiritual and cultural resources , an attractive alternative to both the American and European models , provided it achieves long run economic success .
On the stimulus , though , Krugman achieves a knock-out punch .
It is likely that Keynes 's `` target '' of $ 66,000 will be achieved for most western countries by 2030 .
But it is equally unlikely that this achievement will end the insatiable hunt for more money . Let 's assume , cautiously , that we are two-thirds of the way towards Keynes 's target .
After all , human nature is not only inherently gainful , but also takes satisfaction in gain cunningly achieved -- for example , by finding ways round regulations .
Monetarists hail the low-inflation era as their great achievement .
In other words , neither major party can afford to blurt out the awkward truth : how much deficit reduction any government can achieve will depend on what happens to the economy over the next five years , and no one can say anything for certain about that .
`` Getting to that realization , '' says Krugman , `` was an awesome intellectual achievement . '' Yet Say 's Law is alive and well among new classical macroeconomists like John Cochrane and Eugene Fama .
The attempt to achieve them is bound to lead to competitive currency depreciation and protectionism .
The point of departure for Western students -- freedom of speech and assembly , ideological pluralism , and a democratic political system -- was , for their Eastern colleagues , a distant objective that they were unlikely to achieve .
Within a year , Polish workers were striking for the right to establish independent trade unions , staging two weeks of sit-ins at state-owned factories to achieve their goal .
In American domestic politics , these kinds of commands from the US Congress to states are known as `` unfunded mandates ; '' ordering results without providing the resources necessary to achieve them .
In her report to the annual session of the People 's Consultative Assembly , delivered on November 1 , Megawati admitted that her government had achieved little .
The Security Council 's composition would n't be substantially different if an `` ideal '' distribution of seats were to be achieved .
Despite our growing interconnectedness , the UN Security Council has not yet been unable to achieve sufficient consensus to resolve pressing matters such as Syria .
Thanks to our achievements , we are receiving more and more calls to help in a crisis or after a war .
As we know from bitter experience , waiting only makes a peace settlement harder to achieve .
As political reform achieves results , Israel will no longer be able to claim that it is the only democracy in the Middle East ; with conditions changing on the ground , it will be increasingly difficult to ignore Palestinians ' demand for independence .
In the end , an uprising against poor governance presents an opening to achieve not only democracy , but also stability and peace .
To achieve this rebalancing , southern European ports need improved support infrastructure , specifically rail links connecting them to the main European rail network .
Obviously , there is another , geopolitical condition that must be met to achieve this rebalancing : the Suez Canal must continue to be a safe and reliable shipping route .
Since the G-20 's promise last year to move towards concluding the Doha Round of global trade negotiations , the EU has done nothing practical to achieve this goal .
The Greening of Work MONACO -- When environment ministers from some 100 countries meet here on February 20-22 for UNEP 's Governing Council and Environmental Forum , talks will focus on environmentally friendly `` green growth '' and ways and means by which the world can achieve a low-carbon economy .
My proposal would achieve what the recently announced package failed to achieve , and at no higher a price .
America can not do whatever it wants , as the Iraqi debacle has demonstrated ; but , at the same time , nothing much can be achieved in the way of international cooperation without US leadership , or at least active participation .
To achieve the reforms of the budget process that it wants , the US will need to lead the way in persuading the other permanent members of the Council to give the General Assembly a greater role in the process .
These professionals take pride in their accomplishments , and may even enjoy the respect of an American public that admires success no matter how it is achieved .
Thus , Fox News calls itself `` fair and balanced , '' and Karl Rove and his acolytes turn their opponents ' strongest traits into their Achilles ' heels , using insinuations and lies to portray the opponents ' achievements as phony .
While international cooperation on regulatory reform is difficult to achieve on a piecemeal basis , it may be attainable in a grand bargain that rearranges the entire financial order .
A group of farsighted statesmen , inspired by the vision of a United States of Europe , recognized that this ideal could be approached only gradually , by setting limited objectives , mobilizing the political will needed to achieve them , and concluding treaties that required states to surrender only as much sovereignty as they could bear politically .
After a slow start , rapid progress has been achieved , with 36 measures formally adopted , including important directives on market abuse , prospectuses , financial collateral , distance marketing , collective investment schemes , and a common set of International Accounting Standards for the consolidated accounts of all listed companies .
Most importantly , is completion of the FSAP sufficient to achieve the single financial market ?
As for what has already been achieved , some measures deserve unqualified praise .
Adoption of a common set of advanced accounting principles will remove a key obstacle to meaningful comparison of European listed companies ' profitability , although more needs to be done to achieve common standards of enforcement , as recent corporate scandals show .
There were high expectations , both at home and abroad , that South Africa could and would punch above its weight in international affairs , capitalizing on the extraordinary and unexpected constitutional settlement achieved by Nelson Mandela and F. W. de Klerk in 1994 .
There was also recognition of limits to what the government could achieve on the international stage , despite some important accomplishments such as its helpful role in the renegotiation of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1995 .
But any agreement at , say , the G-8 Summit in July to disperse such aid in the massive proportions advocated by the recent Report by the Blair Commission on Africa may be difficult to achieve .
The challenge now is to achieve a combination of discipline and flexibility that protects the collective interest .
We need a pragmatic willingness to adapt incentives and outcomes to achieve distributional results that allow the major players , with their domestic political constraints , to keep the system open .
In The Growth Report , published in May , we tried to understand why most developing countries fell far short of this achievement , and explored how they might emulate the fast growers .
Economies can learn faster than they can invent , so less developed countries can achieve much faster growth than was experienced by today 's industrialized countries when they were becoming wealthy .
It creates skepticism about whether the net benefits of openness are positive , and uncertainty about what adaptations are needed in the regulation of free markets to achieve a reasonable balance between their benefits and risks .
Of course , no one currently knows how to achieve sustainability at three -LRB- or more -RRB- times the size of the current global economy .
While a relatively high and sustainable growth pattern can be achieved , it will take time .
Europe 's states have been able to achieve this discipline primarily because they are democracies .
Europe 's peoples have sanctioned limiting their own governments powers so as to achieve peace across Europe .
De-politicization of surveillance is best achieved by creating an independent body , whether formal or informal , while stricter and more binding rules must include a stronger link between deficit and debt criteria .
Swayed by this logic , the US has pushed to accelerate delivery of aid -- a task it knows well how to achieve , having provided nine-tenths of all emergency relief money to Afghanistan even during the Taliban years .
It fails to recognize that neither expanded peacekeeping nor efficiently delivered aid will achieve their desired ends until the Afghan public accepts the Karzai government as fairly representing its interests . Today it does not .
By the same token , the new Asian players must take into account the progress achieved in this regard in the latter half of the twentieth century .
Thus , SSA countries have only enjoyed independence for a short period in comparison with , say , South America , where countries had their wars of independence around 1810-1820 and achieved some type of constitutional government by 1850-1880 .
Only Botswana and Namibia achieved respectable scores , while the worst offenders were Cameroon , Uganda , Kenya , Angola , Madagascar , and Nigeria .
Strikingly , seven of them are clear `` overachievers , '' because they also have low per capita GDP levels .
Indeed , five of the nine qualify as `` great overachievers '' - significant political rights despite annual per capita income of less than $ 1,500 .
By contrast , none of the 16 Arab Muslim-majority countries is an overachiever .
These states are electoral `` underachievers '' - weak political rights despite relative affluence .
NEW YORK -- The visit by `` Barry Obama , '' the Indonesian nickname for the former resident and current United States president , to Jakarta is intended , as much as anything , to celebrate the achievements of the largest Muslim-majority country in the world .
Even if the US had achieved stability in Iraq , this would not have assured victory in the `` war on terrorism , '' let alone success in achieving broader strategic objectives .
But what is clear is that the Obama strategy 's current and future costs are very high -- and so far , it has not achieved its limited objective of restarting lending .
The real failure was that there was no agreement about how to achieve the lofty goal of saving the planet , no agreement about reductions in carbon emissions , no agreement on how to share the burden , and no agreement on help for developing countries .
The bailout packages are , in this light , impressive achievements .
Its people have acted with purpose and thoughtfulness in setting up an interim government , as Tunisians of talent and achievement have , on a moment 's notice , volunteered to serve their country at this critical juncture .
Indeed , so dismal were its prospects as it approached independence from Britain , which came in 1968 , that the Nobel Prize-winning economist James Meade wrote in 1961 : `` It is going to be a great achievement if -LRB- the country -RRB- can find productive employment for its population without a serious reduction in the existing standard of living ... -LRB- T -RRB- he outlook for peaceful development is weak . ''
Where the IMF 's next managing director will come down on this issue -- and on whether fiscal salvation is to be achieved through austerity , with costs borne by ordinary citizens , even as bankers get only a mild slap on the wrist -- is critically important , but hard to predict .
Europe 's leaders recognized that distressed countries ' debts would become unmanageable unless their economies could grow , and that growth could not be achieved without assistance .
Indeed , one positive achievement by European leaders at the recent Brussels summit was to begin the process of reining in both the ECB and the power of the American ratings agencies .
The scale of theft achieved by those who ransacked Enron , Worldcom , and other corporations is in the billions of dollars , greater than the GDP of many countries .
I want to debunk the idea that it is possible both to achieve the war 's ends and benefit the economy .
This was a remarkable confession : these officials evidently believed that their policies had wrecked nearly half of Russia 's economic capacity in the space of just a few years -- a level of destruction not even Hitler 's Nazi armies had achieved .
That Russia 's transition did not achieve this is no a surprise .
What they achieved was undiluted decline .
One would have thought that the developing countries would look forward to the meeting as a chance to achieve a fairer global trading system .
Regrettably , it set standards and procedures such that few countries achieve the debt relief they need .
Among the most appalled were those who had recently struggled to achieve democracy , and were continuing to fight for human rights .
As statements of shared values and principles , the UN Charter , the Declaration of Human Rights , and the Geneva conventions are great achievements .
Though much remains to be accomplished and consolidated , his achievements as leader of the international development community are noteworthy and provide a strong foundation upon which to build .
But these policies proved neither necessary nor sufficient for growth ; the countries of East Asia , which followed different policies , achieved faster growth and were far more successful in poverty reduction .
Changing the relationship between the Bank and the countries seeking its help was no less of an achievement .
With President Bush at the table , the `` spin masters '' who put a victorious gloss on all his actions had little need to lower expectations concerning the outcome of the G-8 meeting in Scotland . Any agreement would be seen as a major achievement .
Founded at the end of World War II to prevent another major disaster of that kind , the UN has now vastly expanded its mandate beyond peacekeeping , as important as that is . For instance , the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDG -RRB- , adopted at the UN Millennium summit five years ago , proclaimed the international community 's resolve to reduce poverty in all of its manifestations and set concrete goals to be achieved by 2015 .
In this area , too , Europe has taken the lead , especially concerning global warming , showing that petty selfishness can be put aside to achieve a common good .
While economic integration helped achieve a broader set of goals in Europe , elsewhere , economic globalization has contributed to widening the divide between rich and poor within countries and between rich and poor countries .
Malaysia 's success thus should be studied both by those looking for economic prosperity and those seeking to understand how our world can live together , not just with toleration , but also with respect , sharing their common humanity and working together to achieve common goals .
The Kyoto Protocol was a major achievement , yet it left out 75 % of the sources of emissions : the US , the largest polluter , refused to sign . -LRB- With Australia 's new government now having signed the Protocol , America is now the sole holdout among the advanced industrial countries . -RRB-
Consequently , fully `` science-based decisions '' are not just difficult to achieve ; they are a contradiction in terms .
The priority for Africa and the international community must be to ensure that the continent weathers the global financial storm , preserves the significant achievements of the past decade , and continues to make decisive progress in combating poverty .
This is not the time to take a break from efforts to achieve the United Nations ' Millennium Development Goals .
Some observers have dubbed the new facility `` EZ loan , '' though few countries meeting the qualifying criteria would consider their policy achievements -- and their commitment to maintaining that record -- anything but `` easy . ''
This approach lies at the heart of the G-20 's efforts to achieve strong , stable , and balanced global growth .
Much has already been achieved since the crisis , through more resources for the IMF and new financing instruments .
The report shows that in their desire to remain or become more competitive , governments and employers around the world have taken many steps to increase labor market flexibility . But this has merely contributed to greater economic insecurity and greater inequality , while failing to achieve either full or productive employment , as promised .
Austerity-based fiscal consolidation is likely to fail , because sustainable public budgets are best achieved on the basis of strong economic growth .
Many observers consider QE2 a blunt instrument that is unlikely to achieve its objectives , although it may weaken the dollar , which many think will redress recurrent US trade deficits .
In Georgia , Moldova , Tajikistan and Ukraine , for example , per capita GDP is now less than half of the dire levels achieved under communism .
Why has the government achieved so little , despite a large majority in Parliament , widespread backing among the population , and supportive media ?
Under the current system , Italian governments achieve little , but at least they last longer .
Countries that become democracies do not , on average , achieve faster economic growth after their political transition ; and , vice versa , democracies that fail and relapse into autocracy do not , on average , do worse than before .
The first change concerns China 's pattern of economic growth , which so far has been achieved mostly by rapidly increasing factor inputs -- labor , capital , and energy .
Japan 's economy , once the region 's leader , was `` lost '' after its asset bubble burst , whereas China overcame the economic stagnation that followed the Tiananmen Square crisis of 1989 to achieve its current path of strong growth .
The first concerns the pattern of Chinese economic growth , which so far has been achieved mainly by rapid increases in factor inputs -- labor , capital , and energy .
To achieve this , the United States and China must reconcile their very different views of how a market economy should operate .
What the EU achieves through integrating markets -- or even eliminating passport controls -- underscores the benefits of its `` delegated democracy . ''
This could be built up to include other open Southeast Asian economies -- Malaysia and Thailand -- with the eventual aim being an APEC-wide agreement , which would be an impressive achievement if realized by the end of 2011 , when it will be Obama 's turn to play host to all the leaders .
If he achieves this , Obama 's long trip will be valuable for Americans , and Asians will realize that it was worth waiting for him .
This effort stemmed from a conviction that peace could be achieved only by accommodating all parties ' concerns .
For its part , the Obama administration should take a number of steps to reaffirm its support for India 's rise , its democratic achievements , and its struggle for security .
Moreover , by subjecting India 's civilian nuclear installations to international inspections , it achieves an important US foreign policy objective by bringing India into the worldwide non-proliferation fold .
As they dominated the world 's media for three gruesome days , the killers achieved a startling success for their cause , one that must have shaken anti-terrorist experts around the world , who now realize how easy it would be for ten men unafraid of death to hold any city in the world hostage .
India 's achievement is all the more striking given that the Pakistani terrorist attacks on Mumbai -- India 's financial nerve center and commercial capital -- in late November 2008 came in the midst of the crisis .
But to achieve this , the countries and the international community need to act .
A dogmatic target of budgetary balance four years hence , irrespective of a country 's position in the economic cycle , would achieve little : targets are meaningless if they are impossible to implement .
To achieve this end , Vallenilla argued that , at least in the case of Venezuela , a charismatic leader , confirmed in power through regular elections , would be best placed to concentrate political power successfully and guarantee institutional order .
Hugo Chávez first achieved this in Venezuela , and there are other specters of potentially perpetual re-elections .
Latin America 's Military Factor BUENOS AIRES -- In 2009 , Latin America scored an unrecognized achievement : the global economic crisis did not affect the continent as dramatically as it did other regions .
The military question -- believed to have been resolved after the region 's transition to democracy which came with the Cold War 's end , the effort to achieve regional integration , and the push toward globalization -- has reappeared .
This is what his modernization policy aims to achieve .
So the Kremlin should strive for voluntary recognition of its leadership based on economic and social achievements .
When this is achieved , the next steps are a permanent normal trade status for Russia in the US , and practical moves toward a pan-European free-trade area between the EU , Russia , Ukraine , and other countries .
So who will be Russia 's next president is now a certainty ; less obvious is what he hopes to achieve .
The power to achieve democratic change is in our hands .
But most accession countries have already achieved substantial progress in lowering inflation and nominal interest rates .
Interests and ideology often interact in ways so subtle that is difficult to disentangle them , the influence of interests being achieved through an unconsciously accepted ideology .
There is therefore a danger that excessive focus on `` too big to fail '' could become a new form of the belief that if only we could identify and correct some crucial market failure , we would , at last , achieve a stable and self-equilibrating system .
They will work to achieve a world in which such weapons are no more -- where the rule of law , not the rule of force , reigns supreme , and cooperation is seen as the best guarantor of international peace .
Though we may take a step back now and then , as we have recently , only by adhering to this higher law can Ukraine achieve freedom and prosperity for all .
But Europe 's greatest postwar leaders understood that keeping the wider view of Europe in mind is the best way to achieve this goal .
So far , the Union 's actions have achieved the opposite .
At GAIN , we are convinced that there is an urgent need to fight malnutrition if the world wants to achieve the United Nations ' Millennium Development Goals , which commit the world to halving global poverty and hunger by 2015 .
This is what the Israeli government tried to achieve in Lebanon by `` smashing Hezbollah '' in 2006 .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Obama will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for he considers it to be a strategic concern .
In the early-to-mid 1990s budget deficits turned into surpluses , bank and financial supervision tightened and labor market reform was repeatedly attempted -LRB- if never achieved -RRB- .
There may be disputes in some cases , but the system has brought a degree of legal certainty across the single market that the EU 's member states could not have achieved on their own .
He has achieved prominence in a foreign country , inventing something outstanding .
Nothing worked , because the kolkhoz system was incompatible with high achievement in the long run .
Similarly , in a country where the concepts of democracy and freedom are balanced by `` but , '' achievements in science , technology , and economy are not possible .
Although China is not the only country to enjoy such long-term growth -LRB- post-WWII Japan and South Korea are other cases -RRB- , it is something of a miracle that a once-poor country with one-fifth of the world 's population could achieve such sustained development .
Indeed , at the time Ceylon -LRB- now Sri Lanka -RRB- achieved independence , it was far more committed to democracy and the common-law legal system than Malaya .
But the past few years have underscored NATO 's inability to achieve sustained political , economic , and security improvements in Afghanistan without more effective international collaboration , particularly with China and Russia .
Yes , the UN has achieved much under Secretary General Annan 's leadership .
But the idea of the United Nations as a uniter of nations remains , in many parts of the world and for many of the world 's most complex problems , more an ideal still to be achieved than a living reality .
Such strengthening can only be achieved by a fundamental reform of the UN 's internal structure .
Moreover , the FSB 's achievements are significant .
A cheaper and more successful approach in South Asia mobilizes communities to achieve environments that are free of open defecation by raising awareness of disease transmission , health costs , and the social benefits of sanitation .
The results of this research , and the dramatically improved gains in learning and interest achieved in associated teaching experiments , show that there are tremendous opportunities to improve university science education .
With continued research and effective implementation of new findings about science education , it will be possible to achieve far more meaningful science learning for all university students .
The main innovations were based on the perception that urban development is a collective task in which local government should orient and induce private investments to achieve more livable cities .
Five years later , the 2000 Review Conference finally adopted a Final Document , which contained concrete measures , including `` 13 practical steps '' for systematic and progressive efforts to achieve nuclear disarmament .
Europe will be united by the Chinese . '' Only collectively can Europeans be effective contributors to global security , or achieve a robust transatlantic security partnership .
Breaking Burma 's Isolation NEW YORK -- The Obama administration 's decision to seek a new way forward in United States-Burma relations recognizes that decades of trying to isolate Burma -LRB- Myanmar -RRB- in order to change the behavior of its government have achieved little .
In adjusting its policy toward Burma , the US must face reality with a clear vision of what its foreign policy can achieve .
If you look for a relationship between children 's performance on international surveys of achievement , and their countries ' growth rates twenty years on , you will look in vain .
At the same time , carbon dioxide emissions are rising : the European Union 's target is to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 8 % by 2010 ; but with current policies , only 0.5 % will be achieved .
If that growth is not achieved in an environmentally sustainable way , its effects on poverty and human well-being will be disastrous .
The `` zero bound '' on short_term rates does represent an important constraint on what monetary stabilization can achieve , but it is a more modest barrier than deflation pessimists insist .
How did dogs achieve such an intimate position in our lives ?
With membership achieved and EU money starting to pour in , leaders feel secure enough to let economic policy slip .
Having promptly achieved depreciation , it may have succeeded .
To achieve such objectives , China has adopted a series of effective policies and measures , achieving remarkable progress .
Rulers who rely mostly on military or economic might divorced from morality , he argued , can not achieve long-term success on the international stage .
The US has achieved relative successes in the province through alliances with Sunni tribes .
That such a meeting took place is a sign that both Pope and King believed that there was something to achieve .
But aggressive follow-up therapy will be required to prevent the remaining Al Qaeda cells from metastasizing by acquiring more adherents who believe in violence to achieve the ` purification ' and empowerment of Islam .
The fact is that before the US operation to kill Bin Laden , Al Qaeda 's symbolic head , the emerging democratic Arab revolutions had already , in just a few short months , done as much to marginalize and weaken his terrorist movement in the Islamic world as the war on terror had achieved in a decade .
More importantly , their way will ultimately achieve the type of dignity that people really want , as opposed to the unending wars of terror to rebuild the caliphate that Bin Laden promised .
After all , the protesters of the Arab Spring did not need to use -- and abuse -- Islam to achieve their ends .
My longstanding skepticism about this promise has now hardened into certainty : the Yukos affair will make it impossible to sustain the growth rate required to achieve this goal because the arrest of Mikhail Khodorkovsky and the seizure of his assets has dealt a devastating blow to business confidence .
Israel achieved remarkable results in the wars fought against far more populous Arab countries in 1948 , 1967 , and 1973 .
The 70 or so prisoners who will return to the West Bank could also be influenced by the positive atmosphere created by the Palestinian Authority as it awaits the resumption of negotiations to achieve a two-state -LRB- and two-population -RRB- solution .
If the threshold spread is set reasonably high in order to achieve a significant discount , the stock of debt retired by the buyback would be marginal .
After all , they achieved what they wanted in defiance of enormous international pressure , and even succeeded in transferring nuclear technology to Syria several years ago without being punished .
A more fundamental , long-term strategy is needed to face the new reality and achieve lasting peace on the Korean Peninsula .
Then , every state looked inward , squandering valuable opportunities to achieve common prosperity through international policy coordination .
The meeting of G-20 finance ministers and central bankers in the South Korean city of Kyeongju on October 22 produced some noteworthy achievements , such as shifting 6 % of the IMF 's voting quota from overrepresented Europe to underrepresented emerging countries , doubling members ' quotas , and reducing Europe 's representation on the Fund 's executive board by two seats .
Can East Asians Cooperate ? SEOUL -- As China continues its unremitting rise , people throughout East Asia are wondering whether their states will ever be able to achieve the peaceful , stable relations that now characterize Europe .
Whether America can achieve decent growth while keeping its current-account deficit in check depends on whether it can reinvigorate its ability to innovate and create , thereby restoring competitiveness and creating demand at the same time .
China 's rapid growth has been achieved at extremely high cost . Only future generations will know the true price .
A lesson we have learned from both the climate change debate on the way to the December summit in Copenhagen and from the economic crisis is that only by working together can we achieve genuine change .
Yet his African roots give him a unique capacity to transform American relations with Africa , elevating the importance of African self-reliance and achievement , while striving to make American aid more intelligent and effective .
He is part of the proud generation that defeated apartheid -- and then peacefully engineered a transition to durable black-majority rule . Their achievement remains one of the greatest in recent history .
Once the lodestar for American optimism and achievement , California now illustrates the difficulties confronting the United States -- and how much more can still go wrong domestically .
Pressure for revaluation comes at a stage when per capita national income is merely $ 1,000 , not $ 10,000 or $ 15,000 , so China still needs a rather long period of rapid economic growth to reach anything like the stage that Japan had achieved when it allowed the yen to be revalued .
Indeed , the controversy in Chinese eyes is not really about Korean reunification -- few in Beijing speculate that the endgame will be otherwise -- but to what extent reunification can be achieved without damaging China 's security concerns .
