Palestinian and Israeli children deserve to grow up in peace . And leaders on both sides , supported by the international community , must join in the kind of honest dialogue that is the only viable path toward achieving it .
Neither track of Palestinian politics -- resistance or negotiation -- offers hope of achieving independence .
Has an overly forgiving nature prevented Filipinos from achieving closure in so many painful chapters of their history , or are the ravages of impunity to blame ?
Time is running out , however , for them to satisfy their supporters and silence their critics by achieving it .
Without food security , individuals can have no chance of achieving social mobility .
Russia 's President Vladimir Putin was incredibly successful in achieving his goals during his first term .
Such investments could generate an estimated five million `` green-collar '' jobs , provide a shot in the arm for the construction and engineering industries , and get America back into the equally serious business of combating climate change and achieving energy security .
And , while Mitchell 's successful track record in achieving reconciliation in Northern Ireland seemed like an excellent credential for his current job , it may have hindered him in the Middle East .
JERUSALEM -- During the turmoil of the French Revolution , a popular saying arose : `` How beautiful was the republic -- under the monarchy . '' The Revolution aimed at achieving Liberty , Equality , and Fraternity .
So far , these shortcomings have not prevented the TNC from achieving widespread support in the rebel-controlled east .
For both Israelis and Palestinians , achieving internal peace might prove as formidable a challenge as establishing peace with each other .
Even milestone documents such as the Single European Act and the Treaties of Maastricht , Amsterdam , and Nice , were never envisaged as achieving the kind of permanence -LRB- or even semi-permanence -RRB- that we normally associate with a constitution .
The credible threat of war has been essential to achieving this extraordinary feat .
Indeed , some policies aimed at achieving cohesion may well reduce it .
Some of the problems are political , including slow progress in achieving a comprehensive and consistent solution to Europe 's sovereign-debt crisis , and stalemate over restoring fiscal sustainability in the US .
Sadly , however , the reality of its failure to come anywhere close to achieving its stated goals has not dented the minds of national governments : not one state has voiced its opposition to current strategies .
But achieving such a compromise wo n't be a smooth or predictable process .
Not a few enriched their adopted homelands by achieving great things , or producing children who did .
As were all previous administrations since the founding of Israel , US government leaders must be in the forefront of achieving this long-delayed goal .
LONDON -- Ahead of the United Nations ' summit to review progress toward achieving the Millennium Development Goals , much of the focus has rightly been on those areas where gains have been most disappointing .
The World Bank , UNICEF , and UNESCO have estimated that achieving UPE by 2015 will entail annual expenditures of between $ 6.5 billion and $ 35 billion , on top of the approximately $ 82 billion that developing countries spend each year on primary education .
Once we know that , we will be able to share and apply that knowledge with the aim of achieving optimal health for all .
But Lula can and should follow Kok 's example and use his trade union connections , as well as his rapport with the working class , to achieve a social pact aimed at achieving sustained improvement in Brazil 's overall economic performance and realizing its potential to become Latin America 's economic powerhouse .
Vocational education and training development can make a powerful contribution towards achieving this goal . It can offer radical change in the lives of millions of people by helping them find work and thus providing hope of a better life for their families and children .
Weakening the Tigers militarily has thus always been a necessary condition for achieving a political settlement with Sri Lanka 's Tamils .
The problem is that much of the so-called `` blind '' and `` redundant '' investment that Beijing would like to eliminate has the strong support of local governments , whose primary concern is with generating GDP growth in their jurisdictions , regardless of whether the means of achieving it make any economic sense .
So should we despair of achieving the MDGs , not just by the original deadline of 2015 but even by the end of the century ?
This drive for peace remained , quietly , the key motivation behind further steps toward Europe 's economic integration , which was regarded as the vehicle for achieving political integration .
The EU 's leaders are convinced that achieving the so-called four freedoms -- i.e. , freedom of movement of goods , services , capital , and people -- will optimize the well-being of Europe 's population .
Because the ECB was given the sole task of achieving and maintaining price stability in the euro area , inflation rates seem the most logical starting point for comparison .
This is why mobility is so important to achieving greater social equality .
This is one reason why , after Mao Zedong 's communists triumphed in China in 1949 and other Asian nations gained independence , most Asian countries adopted protectionist inward-looking economic policies aimed at building domestic strength , keeping the `` imperialists '' out , and achieving self-reliance .
While the fiscal stimulus packages enacted in the past two years have been helpful in achieving the current rise in economic activity , the path of future deficits can do substantial damage to long-run growth .
Quite apart from the political difficulty of achieving this would be the very serious adverse effect on aggregate domestic demand , and therefore on production and employment .
Yet Europe seems bent on achieving the impossible , to the Continent 's detriment .
Indeed , as studies continue to identify and characterize CNVs , we anticipate achieving a better understanding of the relationship between these genetic variations , complex diseases , and human adaptability .
However fierce the global competition , they should concentrate on safeguarding quality and achieving excellence in research and education .
First , empirical evidence shows that convergence of per capita income between lagging and leading regions is neither a necessary nor a sufficient condition for achieving poverty reduction and social convergence .
Monitoring of monetary -LRB- and credit -RRB- targets would still be important in achieving the inflation objective .
This means that the US is about to repeat its `` Kyoto experience . '' Twenty years ago , in 1990 , the US participated -LRB- at least initially -RRB- in the first global talks aimed at achieving a global accord to reduce CO2 emissions .
Avoiding failure is sometimes a better objective than achieving great success .
Given that this risks renewed violence , it is critical that Israel 's regional partners and international actors understand that Palestinians will not be diverted from their strategic objective of achieving an independent state .
If we are to have a good chance of achieving that target , the concentration of CO2 must not be allowed to exceed 450 parts per million -LRB- it is now nearly 390 ppm -RRB- .
As the US Treasury 's recent semiannual report to America 's Congress noted , for China these plans are to `` rebalance its economy : boosting domestic demand and consumption-led growth ; reforming its financial system ; and achieving greater flexibility in its exchange-rate regime .
For Gandhi , the spinning wheel symbolized the need to assume personal responsibility for consumption as a first step toward achieving justice and freedom for all .
Collective action has never been easy , but it has never been more necessary than in achieving the UN 's Millennium Development Goals -- the world 's blueprint for ending extreme poverty .
There may be some losses from electing women because they tend to have less political experience than men , but the record in India suggests that if it took 20 years to establish a 30 % share of women in local positions in other countries , the benefits would be at least double the costs of achieving this .
We feel an especially strong sense of urgency as we approach the deadline of 2015 for achieving the Millennium Development Goals , which aim to reduce extreme poverty , hunger , and child mortality .
They themselves are divided , with preferences ranging from Sharia rule in one form or another to a `` Turkish model '' involving mild Islamism capable of achieving mass support through the ballot box .
Doing so might be the best way to achieve peace -- a paradox that reflects the huge gap between a peace process and achieving genuine peace .
For Israel , an occupying power whose people enjoy democratic civilian authority and a GDP tens times that of the people it is denying basic rights of freedom and independence , photo opportunities provided by meeting and greeting Palestinian leaders has replaced achieving peace .
Soldiers are the first to recognize that military power is of limited value in achieving long-term peace .
An honest politician is someone who regards politics as a tool for achieving the common good .
Today 's version of that question is : why will richer nations spend obscene amounts of money on climate change , achieving next to nothing in 100 years , when we could do so much good for mankind today for much less money ?
But the United Nations and national governments spend billions of dollars each year trying to help those in need without explicitly considering whether they are achieving the most that they can .
At a cabinet meeting after the vote , he openly suggested that his officials might have been just a little too `` proactive '' in achieving such overwhelming results .
Still , if competitiveness underpins the sustainability of trade deficits , there is in principle no good economic reason to impose short-run measures -- price and cost adjustments -- for the purpose of achieving a long-term objective , unless the purpose of price and cost adjustment is indeed to dampen demand .
So it is not surprising that it has also been a revolution that -- unlike that which divided Czechoslovakia 14 years ago -- falls well short of achieving full statehood for Scotland .
But it looks as if Sarkozy , once obsessed with gaining power , has progressively lost touch with reality since achieving his goal .
If the international community is serious about alleviating poverty and achieving development goals , tackling the diseases so directly associated with economic misery should be a fundamental objective .
Hard and soft power are related , because they are both approaches to achieving one 's objectives by affecting the behavior of others .
Although the US does well on the traditional measures of power , those measures increasingly fail to capture much of what defines world politics , which , owing to the information revolution and globalization , is changing in a way that prevents Americans from achieving all their international goals by acting alone .
Yar ` Adua and his Peoples Democratic Party -LRB- PDP -RRB- are struggling to stamp their authority on an unwieldy and restive country of 140 million people , and the government views rapid growth as a means to achieving that aim .
Privatizing Africa 's Development Lagos -- There has been considerable progress on achieving the Millennium Development Goals since their inception in 2000 .
This comes at a bad time , just after world governments committed themselves to achieving the development goals , such as reducing poverty and infant mortality , agreed last September at the United Nations ' Millennium Summit .
Even if she persists , she may break her teeth on the same bones of contention that kept her predecessors from achieving security and peace .
As a result , from 1997 to 2007 , Swedish exports nearly doubled and industrial production grew by 36 % , with manufacturing companies achieving record-high productivity growth .
The SED has made substantial progress in achieving these goals .
That status matters , because achieving it will make it more difficult for Chinese firms to be found guilty of dumping goods on overseas markets .
Few now challenge the importance of central bank independence for achieving monetary stability .
But political divisions among the Council 's permanent members make achieving this goal unlikely .
From the early 1990 's on , many analysts viewed America 's weak unionization , at-will employment , limited legal job protection , and high job turnover as major factors in achieving a lower unemployment rate than most EU countries .
This illustrates a broader point : there is no unique , non-context specific way of achieving desirable institutional outcomes .
Before it joined the World Trade Organization in 2001 , China had a wider range of policy instruments for achieving this end .
The Chinese leadership 's gamble is that a rapid increase in living standards and employment opportunities will keep the lid on simmering social and political tensions . That is why it is so intent on achieving annual economic growth of 8 % or higher -- the magic number that it believes will contain social strife .
Many developing countries , however , are well on their way to achieving these preconditions .
But achieving these laudable goals will be expensive , coming on top of the giant budget deficits the US is running to counter the financial crisis .
There is no way around the need for Dubai to restructure and prune its excesses before it can resume a more sustainable growth trajectory , though achieving this will take time .
Given the huge financial stakes involved , achieving global consensus will be difficult , as the Copenhagen climate-change fiasco proved .
In fact , as I argued at the outset of the crisis , it would be far better to have two or three years of mildly elevated inflation , deflating debts across the board , especially if the political , legal , and regulatory systems remain somewhat paralyzed in achieving the necessary write-downs .
Unfortunately , much as FTTs are the darling of leading liberal economic commentators and Robin Hood NGOs , they are an extremely misguided approach to achieving such worthy ends .
In Iraq , Europeans fully share the American objectives of preserving the country 's unity and achieving at least some modicum of democracy .
IMF support , on the other hand , is paid out in tranches and is conditional on achieving various policy targets over time .
If GDP falls , achieving a certain deficit and debt target -LRB- as a share of GDP -RRB- becomes impossible .
To restore growth , these countries must also regain competitiveness by achieving a real depreciation of their currency , thus turning trade deficits into surpluses .
Moreover , from a diplomatic standpoint , the territories were regarded as bargaining chips -LRB- `` land for peace '' -RRB- to be used in achieving a negotiated solution .
Instead , the new US administration should help to create a broad multilateral framework for the region , one aimed at building a genuine consensus on the goal of achieving Afghan stability by addressing the legitimate sources of Pakistan 's insecurity while strengthening opposition to disruptive Pakistani behavior .
But let 's see the positive message instead : 190 countries agreed on a sensible plan , and the underlying science and technology gives us realistic hopes for achieving it .
Indeed , the new initiative , combined with others in health , education , and infrastructure , could be the greatest step so far toward achieving the Millennium Development Goals , the internationally agreed effort
The Allies affirmed unambiguously that a stable Iraq is in their common interest and that NATO is part of achieving this .
In the wake of the global financial crisis , which is about to hit the developing world , it is time to ask the right questions about the international community 's commitment to achieving these goals .
The use of anonymous peer review to assess proposals and allocate financial support for scientific research is increasingly achieving recognition around the world .
China has undertaken a nationwide campaign to reduce energy consumption per unit of GDP by 20 % by 2010 , and will hold local officials accountable for achieving the targets .
In addition , the Human Development Report notes that 24 countries around the world are making insufficient or no progress -- if not actually backsliding -- in achieving the Millennium Development Goal of universal primary education .
The treaty is less detailed in other areas , particularly in achieving an economic union equivalent to the currency union , because it was simply not possible to reach agreement .
As investment advisers , they would never recommend investing in a company without detailed information about how well it was achieving its goals .
No one knows how effective that vast sum is in achieving the goals that donors intend to support .
· Regularly remind yourself of the benefits of achieving your goal ;
There is better news on achieving gender parity in education , a key to reaching other goals , including lower infant mortality , which often comes about because educated women have fewer children .
In Bosnia-Herzegovina , EU-Turkey cooperation is fundamental to achieving a durable solution .
Enforcement of agreed upon rules is also not appropriate for achieving social goals because many countries lack the resources to meet international standards .
Moreover , because of the Fund 's broad and deeply embedded multinational expertise , its activities are central to achieving globally cooperative solutions to economic and financial problems .
· Building the institutions necessary for achieving inclusiveness and equal opportunity ;
Designing that system will be an important part of achieving the high-return investment and expanded consumption that Chinese leaders want -- and that China 's economy needs .
This marks a sea change in the global structure of incentives with respect to achieving sustainability .
Quite the contrary . But achieving that goal has more to do with restoring the underpinnings of global growth over three to five years than it does with a short-term restoration of balance and employment in the advanced economies , especially the US .
Indeed , the availability of a highly qualified bureaucracy in both South Korea and Taiwan -- and before that in their model country , Japan -- was a necessary precondition for achieving rapid economic growth .
Perhaps religious and political leaders in electorally overachieving states such as Senegal , Mali , Bangladesh , and Indonesia draw upon some of these concepts .
Even if the US had achieved stability in Iraq , this would not have assured victory in the `` war on terrorism , '' let alone success in achieving broader strategic objectives .
But controlling inflation is not an end in itself : it is merely a means of achieving faster , more stable growth , with lower unemployment .
But it is up to Europe to take the lead in achieving it .
Let me spell out what this means for three policy objectives : building a stronger and safer financial sector , achieving more balanced and more stable growth , and managing large and volatile capital flows .
ASEAN , as the organization of neighboring states , is important to achieving that goal , but US involvement is key , as is inclusion of China and India .
Basically , it all boiled down to a grand bargain : while developing countries would obviously have primary responsibility for achieving the MDGs , developed countries would be obliged to finance and support their efforts for development .
But , with the policy instruments for achieving these goals largely national and the arguments for applying them simultaneously in several member states weak , the EES has created unrealistic public expectations and triggered only limited action by governments .
Colombia may be on the cusp of achieving a long-cherished but oft-postponed dream : domestic peace and diminishing tension with its neighbors .
And achieving that goal is more important than ever , because it will be some time before the US can re-assume the role of locomotive for the world economy .
In particular , they shared the neo-cons ' conviction that military intervention is a legitimate and effective way of achieving political change .
But achieving success in Afghanistan -- defined as achieving a sustainable democratic regime able to contain political violence , prevent the reconstruction of a terrorist base with global reach , and dampen a narcotics-funded insurgency that threatens neighboring countries -- requires greater policy harmonization among the world powers that have a stake in the outcome .
Although Obama has endorsed the goal of abolishing nuclear weapons , he has described this as a long-term effort , and offered no concrete time-line for achieving it . No date has been set when Obama will ask the Senate to reconsider the CTBT .
Russian officials have expressed some interest in these projects -LRB- some of which were originally proposed by the Kremlin -RRB- , but they have insisted on first achieving consensus with the US on underlying strategic principles .
Governments see their main job as delivering economic prosperity , and they view education as a necessary and reliable tool for achieving that end .
To achieve such objectives , China has adopted a series of effective policies and measures , achieving remarkable progress .
Those revolutions , whatever their ultimate outcome , have exposed the philosophy and behavior of Bin Laden and his followers as not only illegitimate and inhumane , but actually inept at achieving better conditions for ordinary Muslims .
What millions of Arabs were saying as they stood united in peaceful protest was that their way of achieving Arab and Islamic dignity is far less costly in human terms .
A leadership mismatch has , moreover , been a central obstacle in resolving the problem of North Korea 's weapons of mass destruction and the ultimate question of achieving a unified Korea .
In Uruguay , what the authorities presented as a voluntary transaction produced no nominal haircuts and only minor debt relief ; in Argentina , a four-year debt moratorium was essential to achieving nominal haircuts above 50 % .
But , with nationalism and military budgets rising sharply , achieving consensual stability has become imperative for the region .
But RMB appreciation is not the preferred instrument for achieving this goal .
For both China and America , the RMB-dollar exchange rate is important for achieving growth and a more balanced current account .
In Ghana last month , I met ministers who shared with me impressive figures on how much progress the country has made in achieving the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDGs -RRB- .
It needs to draw its strength -- and legitimacy -- from both broader participation and by achieving results .
