Although the US viewed Musharraf as an agent of change , he has never achieved domestic political legitimacy , and his policies were seen as rife with contradictions .
Victory achieved , Hamas will take on the responsibility for the Palestinian side in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
Recent successes in Brazil against AIDS , in Mozambique against malaria , and in China against TB , show what can be achieved on a global scale with more resources .
There is a developing consensus that ` representativeness ' and legitimacy can be achieved by including nationals of all member states in the next two Commissions , with a move thereafter to a fixed smaller number based on strictly equal rotation .
In the 19th century , the non-Muslim peoples of the empire also achieved the rights of equal citizenship with Muslims .
Thanks to the fiscal rules of the Stability and Growth Pact , the euro area achieved its soundest budgetary position in 2007 , bringing deficits to their lowest levels in 25 years .
Gazprom 's co-optation of Europe has been achieved mainly through Germany , where its partnerships with energy companies and banks have helped align the authorities with Russian aims .
Meanwhile , those segments of Brazil 's population that are newly arrived to the market , while enthusiastic about their social betterment , need lasting support to lock in the gains that have been achieved in their standard of living .
Ironically , this was what the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces -LRB- SCAF -RRB- wanted , and it was achieved at no cost in violence or military tribunals .
By 1998 , Russia already had achieved a critical mass of markets and private enterprise , while the financial crash of that year worked like a catharsis , forcing the government to abolish enterprise subsidies that underpinned a devastating budget deficit of some 9 % of GDP .
He is isolating his country among the world 's pariahs ; worse yet , he has achieved little .
Peaceful change in Syria can nonetheless be achieved , and the international community can influence that process by recognizing that its continued focus on the country 's `` complexity '' does nothing for its people .
Consider what the Greek Cypriot community has achieved - a thriving economy , no one living under conditions of misery and humiliation in camps , membership in the European Union - compared to the catastrophe the Palestinian choice has brought to their own people . Perhaps on the level of public relations , the Palestinian leadership - sacrificing their own people on the altar of propaganda - can bask in their achievement : yet it is their own people who suffer .
Well , most candidate countries have already achieved a high degree of structural convergence with the EU .
The architects of European integration - Monnet , Schuman , Adenauer , De Gasperi , and others - understood that these ideals could be achieved only by combining and interweaving the practical interests of Europe 's countries .
We have achieved a united Europe without uniting Europeans .
Feeling sympathy for Norway is hard . Thanks to its massive North Sea oil reserves , the country has achieved a level of wealth unimaginable only a generation ago - and which has allowed it to cold-shoulder the European Union since 1994 .
There is only one main way that the necessary productivity and outcome gains can be achieved : excess demand in the public sector must be shifted elsewhere .
Countries that have protected their agricultural development from the threats posed by international markets -- such as India or Vietnam -- have achieved substantial reductions in agricultural poverty .
Sadat gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment he fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
In 2005 , the 17 countries of the Arab world together produced 13,444 scientific publications , fewer than the 15,455 achieved by Harvard University alone .
But the security that this scheme was supposed to produce could never really be achieved ; the centrality of the Arab-Israeli conflict could not be attenuated .
But the objectives of the use of force need to be linked to the recognition that in today 's asymmetric conflicts , victory is no longer achieved on the battlefield .
But this might not be achieved without involving the major regional stakeholders , including Pakistan , China , and possibly Iran .
The assumption -- dear to the architects of the current process -- that peace can be achieved by driving a wedge between `` moderates ' and `` extremists '' is a fatal misconception .
But this could not be achieved before Serbia was militarily humbled .
By contrast , Eritrea , East Timor , and parts of the former Yugoslavia achieved independence by exhausting their occupiers and\/or their internal rivals .
This would not be achieved , however , through an inevitably imperfect sanctions regime , or by America 's resort to Cold War logic aimed at breaking Iran 's backbone by drawing it into a ruinous arms race .
Of course , this could very well reverse much of what has been achieved in terms of financial integration .
Thus , while the global recession plunged the transition region into crisis , at the same time it demonstrated the resilience of the reforms and economic integration achieved over the last 15 to 20 years .
Much has been achieved since then : balance sheets have been strengthened and funding models adjusted .
Perhaps the most interesting fact to emerge is that fully 70 % of the reductions needed by 2020 can be achieved by investing in three areas : increasing energy efficiency , reducing deforestation , and use of lower-carbon energy sources , including nuclear and renewables .
One piece of good news is that deregulation of product markets has been largely achieved , so there is less need to play the Brussels blame game .
But seven years later , what has the US achieved ?
Nothing prevents us from hoping that a fair and just peace can be achieved by then .
In Afghanistan , that so-called war has essentially been based on eradication campaigns and alternative livelihood projects , which have achieved only scant results .
Some analysts believe that oil has helped Chávez produce better socioeconomic results than Nicaragua and Bolivia have achieved .
An ambitious goal , which may or may not be achieved .
Balance was achieved partly by a system of weighting of votes in the Council of Ministers , where most decisions are taken .
But , while the election did not usher in a leadership eager for peace with Israel and a Palestinian state achieved by compromise , nor was it a prelude to a renewal of violence .
To be sure , Solidarity achieved a stunning political success .
With his stunning victory in Sunday 's second round of Brazil 's presidential elections , Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva -LRB- `` Lula '' -RRB- has finally achieved his goal after four attempts .
Previous SAARC summits achieved little in the way of regional cooperation .
More was expected from the SAARC summit than was achieved , owing in large part to the unmet expectations for the meeting between the Indian and Pakistani prime ministers on the sidelines of the main event .
For many in the field of public health , the greatest triumph achieved by medicine in this century was the eradication of smallpox .
Above all , however , he has achieved a 6.3 % effective reduction of poverty , after taking over a country whose vast majority - 80 % - was perched between poverty and squalor .
The highest growth achieved in the Chavez years is lower than Venezuela 's average during the second half of the 1990 's , when oil was the exclusive domain of the private sector .
Direct engagement with the Palestine Liberation Organization or the Palestinian Authority and the government in Damascus will be necessary if secure negotiated settlements are to be achieved .
More fundamentally , Chávez represents ideas that have long stifled Latin America 's political and economic growth . This includes the notion that social justice can be achieved only by abandoning the path of reform and rejecting `` bourgeois '' democratic forms in favor of `` real '' democracy , born of revolutionary purity and the leader 's millenarian dreams .
There were no major , unfortunate incidents ; the constant protests were strident but not especially violent or well-attended ; no significant slights or mishaps took place ; and President Bush achieved what he probably was most interested in : sending a message back to the United States that he actually is interested in more than Iraq .
The European Union thinks differently ; in its economic cooperation and free trade agreement with Mexico , for example , it insisted on -- and achieved -- the inclusion of a `` democracy clause '' that made its economic benefits conditional on ongoing respect for democratic rule and human rights .
The European Union thinks differently ; in its economic cooperation and free trade agreement with Mexico , for example , it insisted on -- and achieved -- the inclusion of a `` democracy clause '' that made its economic benefits conditional on ongoing respect for democratic rule and human rights .
They achieved only three successes : Cuba , in 1959 ; Nicaragua , in 1979 ; and El Salvador , where , by 1992 , they fought the US and the local army to a stalemate , bringing peace and growing prosperity to their country .
The Revolution Reborn MEXICO CITY -- In El Salvador , for the first time ever in Latin America , a former political-military organization that tried to gain power through the barrel of a gun has achieved its aims through the ballot box .
Poland is a recent example of a country that achieved this feat .
Western Germany 's occupation forces not only set an example of how this vision could be achieved , but found the right people and the right institutions to bring about reconstruction and progress .
However , where differences can not easily be blurred - those of religion , ethnic and cultural origin , color - common citizenship has not achieved the unity of diversity so many have dreamed about .
Both were to be achieved within a liberal order .
Such incidents make one wonder whether the terrorists have , in the end , achieved their aim of destroying the West and what it stands for .
To this must be added another feature that Young described : meritocracy means only that another ruling group closes the gates behind it once it has achieved its status .
Some say that it is achieved only once a country has passed the `` two-turnover test , '' that is , two changes of government without violence .
This can be done by opinion polls and the use of focus groups ; it can also be achieved by referenda and plebiscites .
But , even without such a vow , he would find it difficult after nine years in office to combine a program of reform with a sense of what can be achieved given the mood of his party and of the country .
Tony Blair has achieved a remarkable third successive electoral victory .
As soon as the Fed had achieved its inflation-fighting goal , however , it would end the liquidity squeeze .
The Party restored unity on the platform of globally integrated , market-driven growth , to be achieved without the intercession of the students ' `` Goddess of Democracy , '' but bringing tangible material benefit to city residents .
In her classic study On Revolution , Hannah Arendt observed darkly that `` whatever brotherhood human beings may be capable of has grown out of fratricide , whatever political organization men may have achieved has its origin in crime . ''
For Latin American policymakers , assuring food security can really be achieved only if a new international regime of genuinely free trade for agricultural commodities is built .
The diversity of Europe is indeed innate , but its unity is yet to be achieved .
· Address the question of political Islam . None of these tasks can be achieved without serious reflection about political Islam .
For the 30 years since the beginning of China 's economic reforms , Chinese industry has achieved impressive efficiency gains by adopting new technologies and realizing economies of scale , leading to a huge expansion in locally made products suitable for export .
As this is constantly evolving in unpredictable ways , there is no reason to expect that the assumptions underlying any particular macroeconomic model will ever remain valid long enough for its steady-state solution to be achieved in practice .
Philanthropic approaches to the problem have achieved little systemic change .
Ko¨tunica has made a career more by the absence of negative characteristics than by what he has achieved .
Widespread coverage has been achieved through UNITAID 's influence on the price of life-saving drugs : it guarantees a market through long-term commitments to purchase high volumes of medicines and diagnostics -- a commitment made possible by the sustainable and predictable funding of the `` air tax . ''
China represents a massive challenge even for countries , such as Brazil , that have achieved a significant trade surplus up to now .
Traditionally , Muslim scholars achieved status by mastering socially useful knowledge , which was Islamic law . Today , however , applied science is also useful knowledge for the modern world .
A sustainable economic growth rate that helps reduce poverty and inequality can be achieved only with a skilled and innovative labor force .
Finally , they need to attain a rapid rate of productivity growth , which can be achieved only by ensuring a high-quality , broadly accessible educational system .
Now , we are told , ASEAN +3 has achieved another great breakthrough , the so-called Chiang Mai Initiative Multilateralization -LRB- CMIM -RRB- , aimed at turning its bilateral swaps and credits into a regional reserve pool .
Such a grand project can be achieved if the political will exists and asserts itself .
With sex-reassignment surgery , writes Jan Morris , `` I achieved Identity at last . ''
The problem for Putin is that this success was achieved not by the Russian state , but by private enterprises .
So bringing the savings rate down is necessary if domestic and external balances are to be achieved .
When that is achieved , rural immigrants will eagerly settle as permanent urban residents , and Chinese society will become more equal in terms of access to public services .
That uniform individual cost incentive allows total CO2 to be reduced at a lower total cost than would be achieved by a variety of administrative requirements , such as automobile mileage standards , production technology standards -LRB- e.g. , minimum renewable fuel inputs in electricity generation -RRB- , etc. .
But , even if that could be achieved , it would close the trade gap only for as long as Greek prices remained competitive .
So , in two years , we can expect a debate about whether budget balance has then been achieved on a cyclically adjusted basis .
Local militias achieved prominence and power in the Netherlands , beginning in 1568 during the long struggle against the Spanish Habsburgs , though they were again sidelined when the threat passed in the late seventeenth century .
Still , German Chancellor Angela Merkel can be proud of what was achieved .
The recalcitrant states achieved a Pyrrhic victory because it will quickly become clear to them that , even if the EU is getting a new institutional framework , the avantgarde countries will decide among themselves what the concrete arrangements will look like .
Instead , it has helped Iran to gain a regional ascendancy that the country could never have achieved on its own .
But the progress achieved so far is again under threat .
The United States ' enemies have been strengthened , and Iran -- despite being branded as a member of the so-called `` axis of evil '' -- has been catapulted into regional hegemony . Iran could never have achieved this on its own , certainly not in such a short time .
The rules of the game would be changed and a whole variety of strategic goals could be achieved -- European security , neighborhood conflicts , energy security , arms reduction , anti-proliferation , etc. . Yes , such a bold step would transform NATO .
At that moment , peace between Palestinians and Israelis could have been achieved , and thus a new beginning made in the Middle East .
When the Ankara Protocol was agreed , the government of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an achieved something that , until then , had been considered impossible : he shattered the decades-old opposition of Turkish Cypriots to a compromise between the two parts of the divided island .
Obama and the Middle East BERLIN -- With the successful enactment of his health reform , Barack Obama has achieved his biggest domestic success so far -- which , surprisingly , had greater consequences abroad than at home .
The belief that stability can be achieved with technocratic rules , regulations , and sanctioning mechanisms alone in a eurozone whose economies are diverging will prove to be misguided .
How can these far-reaching aims be achieved within the eurozone -LRB- together with non-eurozone EU members that want to join in -RRB- ?
The abolition of border controls was anything but a minor detail , and yet it was achieved on the basis of intergovernmental agreements .
This can be achieved through a program for subsistence farmers that not only improves productivity , but also reduces weather dependency and provides simple financing instruments to encourage investment in new technologies and equipment , increased land ownership , and easier access to local markets .
But it 's a program that can be achieved only if international organizations like the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization -LRB- FAO -RRB- work hand-in-hand with national governments and with private donors and partners .
Singapore achieved rich-country status with a unique development strategy .
American objectives could not be achieved in Vietnam . The outcome in Iraq will not be determined until the last American troops have been withdrawn .
Our Virtual Middle Ages Wikipedia , the online encyclopedia , is the most impressive collective intellectual project ever attempted -- and perhaps achieved .
Russia can then forget about attaining the fast , sustainable growth that China has achieved .
But it may be time to temper our quest for magic bullets and recognize the cold reality of Darwin 's evolutionary dynamics . Medicine 's goal of a glorious victory over cancer may need to yield to our recognizing that an uneasy stalemate may be the best that can be achieved .
The first , preventing a global depression , was achieved .
Democracy has undoubtedly achieved success around the world .
Even in a number of European countries with old democratic traditions , a wave of populist , radical political parties opposed to minorities and immigrants has achieved success , sometimes even winning elections .
In December 's parliamentary election in Serbia , the extreme nationalist Radical Party achieved the greatest success , and people being tried before the International War Crimes Tribunal in The Hague , such as Vojislav Seslj , the Radicals ' founder and long-time leader , and Slobodan Milosevic , were elected to parliament .
While South Asia is far more developed than Sub-Saharan Africa , and India -LRB- the largest country in the region -RRB- has achieved lower middle-income status , South Asia has many more poor people than Sub-Saharan Africa .
By demanding quantifiable results , donors may force program managers to choose easily achieved targets over less measurable actions that accord with sound humanitarian principles .
To avoid both the global hangover of no deal and the self-deception of a weak deal , a breakthrough is needed -- and can still be achieved in Copenhagen .
But the RCB 's lack of resolve in adopting a framework where low inflation is clearly stated as the priority now threatens to undermine what has been achieved .
Without any significant commitment from the US , the Copenhagen Accord , so laboriously achieved last year , has become meaningless .
This requisite independence of the IMF staff can be achieved by stipulating that the Board oversees only the work of the Fund 's analytical functions and , more importantly , that its composition and decision-making mode are overhauled in the following ways :
In South Africa , Blacks achieved political dominance over the descendants of British and Afrikaner settlers , large numbers of whom remain as a tolerated minority .
But suppose a two-state solution were achieved in the not-too-remote future .
As soon as this goal comes close to being achieved , elements of the opposition begin to position themselves for the second phase of the struggle and the coming competition for power .
I believe that a stability pact for the region could help to match what was achieved a decade ago in the Balkans .
Although he achieved important victories over the Ottomans , Corvinus took him prisoner , and he was killed in 1477 in renewed fighting with Ottoman troops .
The IEA also points out that the targets can be achieved without unacceptable economic damage .
The reality is that the OSCE has achieved its goals .
When local elders and delegates wanted to assemble in Mogadishu for a reconciliation conference , security conditions forced them to postpone the conference for several months -LRB- though when they did meet , in big numbers and for a long time , they achieved no breakthrough -RRB- .
Unfortunately , all that the principal agent achieved was complicity in a devastating civil war .
The real problems with proxy wars begin , paradoxically , once victory has been achieved .
Although Egypt and Tunisia 's pro-democracy movements achieved rapid regime change , uncertainties remain in those countries , too .
Instead , the euro achieved what it was meant to achieve : the crisis was contained , because it could not inflict damage on foreign-exchange markets within the euro area .
The main idea is to reduce the risk premia paid by debtors with lower fiscal credibility . But this can be achieved only by implicit or explicit guarantees from EMU countries with sound public finances .
And Lula achieved all this without triggering inflation , which he knows -- perhaps a result of his own impoverished childhood -- wreaks havoc on the poor most of all .
I support my family and have achieved fulfillment in my career .
And there is no longer-term vision of how the fiscal integration needed for the effective operation of a monetary union could be achieved in a practical timeframe .
Many countries that achieved independence as a result of the national liberation movements of the 1940 's -1990 's have proved themselves incapable of creating the conditions of normal life within their territories .
I am convinced that no development of a country , no success or ambitions , can be achieved through human grief and losses .
Much of this progress was achieved during the Cold War , proving that it is possible to create global legal norms even in times of deep political division .
Yet we have achieved enough to know that the goals are within reach .
The Millennium Village Project , a partnership of academia , business , and UN agencies , aims to show how these goals can be achieved in even the poorest communities in the world .
Yet , of all the Millennium Development Goals , maternal health is the slowest to be achieved .
This hampers the optimization process , and is one of the main reasons why several large projects investigating energy production using more abundant Uranium-238 or Thorium -LRB- fast breeder reactors -RRB- were closed in Europe and the United States before they achieved the expected level of performance .
Indeed , even before the sudden downturn in the US economy , a growing number of members of the ECB 's Governing Council already had come to the conclusion that accelerating the pace of interest-rate increases was needed if its goal of monetary neutrality was to be achieved .
During the presidential elections Mr. Andrzej Olechowski ran as an independent candidate . He had no party support , no big money , but he somehow managed to place second with 17 % of the votes , more than what the governing party achieved .
Benjamin Netanyahu 's right-wing Likud Party and the even harder right Avigdor Lieberman and his Yisrael Beiteinu -LRB- Israel is Our Home -RRB- party achieved a dominant result that saw Labor , the dominant party throughout Israel 's history , consigned to a lowly fourth place .
Peace between the conflicting parties east of the Mediterranean and west of the Jordan river can and must be achieved through negotiations .
Contrary to territorial withdrawal , cessation of violence can be achieved only bilaterally .
The unilateralism that Israelis overwhelmingly voted for in their recent election is based on the idea that security can somehow be achieved by erecting physical walls and barriers .
A decline in extreme poverty and inequality , and the creation of trustworthy institutions , can be achieved in the country 's beguiled by caudillismo only if the caudillo loses control of the wealth that sustains his rule .
Efforts to eradicate coca plantations have achieved the bare minimum , and increasingly frequent seizures of cocaine and coca paste originating in Peru indicate that trafficking activities are relocating to Bolivia , thus bringing more illicit money and more organized -- and violent -- criminal groups .
But there are obvious limits to what can be achieved .
Solidarity can not be achieved when our most important institutions are excluded .
If SARS is brought under control worldwide in the next few months , public health authorities will have achieved a great triumph .
The first response can be described as realist : no matter who governs in America , concrete results need to be achieved .
However , the reverse sometimes is achieved , as another study in Paraguay shows .
If we could only find the political will , establishing free trade could be achieved at a very low cost , with benefits of up to $ 2.4 trillion a year .
This could be achieved if all countries committed to spending 0.05 % of GDP on research and development of non-carbon-emitting energy technologies .
What could be achieved by planting more trees , cutting methane , or reducing black soot emissions ?
Singh stood his ground and achieved victory .
The dominant National Democratic Party -LRB- NDP -RRB- takes a different view , arguing that political change can be achieved without constitutional reform .
The Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis , and Malaria has shown how much can be achieved through adopting a results-oriented approach to financial support .
Since 2000 , sub-Saharan African countries have achieved economic growth of 5-7 % .
If a few NGOs have achieved great results fighting the ills of Africa 's poor , the vast majority are perceived as either a `` fifth column '' of the West or a refuge for fringe members of the elite who use widespread poverty as another source of lucre .
Indeed , Africa is at a turning point . Since 2000 , its sub-Saharan countries have achieved average economic growth of 5-7 % .
Moreover , it was achieved without a shot being fired .
Many of the important steps taken to stabilize the global financial system and economy , as well as to address the root causes of this crisis , will be achieved through the G-20 .
After 50 years , many elements of the original vision have been achieved , some have failed , and there have been more than a few surprises .
In those respects , the original vision was achieved .
I am a social democrat who was never a Communist party member , though I achieved success as a lawyer in Soviet times .
What victories has Russia 's army achieved in these years ?
During the past half-century , genetic engineers , using increasingly powerful and precise tools and resources , have achieved breakthroughs that are opening up new opportunities in a broad array of fields .
Many thought that this solidarity had been achieved in October 2004 , with the signing of the Nice treaty , which outlined an EU constitution .
But the collective action problem is no less daunting , and it requires urgent attention if the world 's growth aspirations are to be achieved .
He achieved an enviable rate of economic development for a country starved of natural resources , helped to eradicate poverty , and deepened Tunisia 's ties with Europe through tourism , trade , and cultural relations .
Yet stability was achieved .
The fact that the movement continues to secure advances even in difficult times is an indication of the enduring significance of what was achieved in 1948 when the world 's governments declared that rights are universal .
It thus sometimes achieved indirectly what could not be done directly : the leveraging of American influence to promote human rights .
How can innovation , which is never only technological , but social as well , be achieved and fully used ?
But I do know that that goal is far more likely to be achieved if newspapers take their readers seriously and train them as documentarians of their own communities and of their own moments .
But other goals , such as promoting democracy and human rights , are better achieved by soft power .
Japan 's single-minded focus on economic growth achieved its goal , but the country developed only modest military and soft power .
Once a satisfactory level of price stability is achieved , euro candidates might apply a more flexible variant of inflation targeting that also targets exchange-rate stability .
As negotiations proceed in the years ahead , it is in the international community 's interest to support Turkey 's European future , while making a constructive contribution to end the division of Cyprus , so that the progress we have achieved is not lost .
In a way , it underlines the importance of what has been achieved in Northern Ireland .
But that ambitious outcome is easier described than achieved .
Maybe Blair has hit on how this can be achieved .
It is not as though Africa lacked resources or the ability to govern itself well . Peaceful Botswana is a good example of what can be achieved .
They want less government , lower taxes , and a smaller deficit , a combination to be achieved seemingly without pain .
It has long since been time to move on , making a sustained drive for the sort of settlement that was almost achieved in the Clinton years .
The agreements we have achieved thus far are like signposts showing progress along the road to mutual economic prosperity .
There are , of course , other amusing anecdotes . What is not amusing is the end result : the poppy eradication program achieved the opposite to what was intended .
In a recent study from the Brussels-based think tank Bruegel , Stéphane Rottier and Nicolas Véron provide a comprehensive scoreboard of the progress achieved in reforming financial regulation over the last two years , starting from the program agreed in November 2008 at the G-20 meeting in Washington .
Recent attempts to remedy this under the Capital Requirements Directive have been disappointing , even though it was plainly the best that could be achieved politically given EU countries ' differing views on prudential supervision .
In the absence of a willingness and ability to use violent repression , regime survival can be achieved only through concessions , accommodation , and periodic reinvention .
Before taking office , President Barack Obama had promised a doubling of American foreign assistance , from $ 25 billion to $ 50 billion , but since then Vice-President Joe Biden has warned that this commitment will probably be achieved more slowly because of the downturn .
Much has already been achieved in the negotiations , and an agreement of significant value is within reach .
Much has already been achieved over the past six months to transform the political message of Rome into practical cooperation .
Private incentives always need to be aligned with social costs and benefits if productive efficiency is to be achieved .
In agriculture and industry , price efficiency was achieved not by abolishing quotas and planned allocations , but by allowing producers to trade at market prices at the margin .
In international trade , openness was achieved not by reducing import barriers , but by creating special economic zones with different rules than those applied to domestic production .
But the initial spurt in growth can be achieved with minimal changes in institutional arrangements .
But how these ends are achieved differs .
For example , greater integration with world markets can be achieved via export subsidies -LRB- South Korea -RRB- , export-processing zones -LRB- Malaysia -RRB- , investment incentives for multinational enterprises -LRB- Singapore -RRB- , special economic zones -LRB- China -RRB- , regional free trade agreements -LRB- Mexico -RRB- , or import liberalization -LRB- Chile -RRB- .
It is quite a feat to have achieved the degree of consensus he has around a set of ideas that departs in places so markedly from the traditional approach .
Macroeconomic stability can be achieved under a variety of fiscal institutions .
After all , many Asian countries have achieved impressive export-led growth under the current system .
For years , the US achieved fast growth by deferring attention to a variety of issues , ranging from the environment to infrastructure to health care .
Saudi Arabia 's national oil company has achieved homegrown expertise in oil drilling that is widely admired in the West .
There is general agreement on the aims to be achieved in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict : the end of violence and a peaceful solution based on the concept of two sovereign states .
Thus , the opposition achieved its objective : a beachhead in Venezuelan politics with real and significant popular support .
It further rightly suggests that NATO 's strategic political and military objectives could be achieved jointly with Russia through greater stability , mutual transparency , predictability , and arms reduction verified by non-proliferation and arms control agreements .
But how can debt relief be achieved for the sovereign without imposing massive losses on Greek banks and foreign banks holding Greek bonds ?
Instruments to achieve those objectives were developed , and food security was achieved .
Indeed , the Court sought to leave no doubt about this : `` The question is narrow and specific ... it does not ask whether or not Kosovo has achieved statehood . '' The judges contrasted their opinion with that handed down by the Supreme Court of Canada when it was asked to rule on Quebec 's right to secede unilaterally .
And , indeed , Turkey achieved great success -- arguably more than any other Muslim-majority state in the world -- in building democracy , maintaining stability , and moving forward economically .
They have also achieved high standards of governance .
Peace can be achieved only with a withdrawal of foreign troops , and the arrival of jobs , productive farms and factories , tourism , health care , and schools .
While international diplomacy focused on peacekeeping and on humanitarian efforts to save the lives of displaced and desperate people , peace in Darfur can be neither achieved nor sustained until the underlying crises of poverty , environmental degradation , declining access to water , and chronic hunger are addressed .
Only with improved access to food , water , health care , schools , and income-generating livelihoods can peace be achieved .
Success is being achieved in even the most remote and difficult places , such as the poverty-stricken states of northern India .
By training community health workers , the NRHM has achieved a marked reduction in newborn deaths in Indian villages .
The great question , of course , is whether stabilization of greenhouse gases , continued economic development , and adaptation to climate change can be achieved simultaneously .
But many poor countries , most famously China and India , have achieved extraordinary economic growth in recent years by harnessing cutting-edge technologies .
With new investments in research and development , still further improvements in technologies can be achieved .
The plans are detailed , thoughtful , credible , and based on proven successes that the government has already achieved .
Small-scale demonstration projects prove how success can be achieved ; the challenge then becomes taking the solutions `` to scale '' in nationwide or even worldwide programs .
The result is a grain yield -LRB- for example , maize -RRB- that is roughly one-third less than what could be achieved with better farm inputs .
Countries are being pressed to cut emissions by 2020 by certain percentage targets , without much serious discussion about how the cuts can be achieved .
At the start of the third millennium , Ban 's predecessor , Kofi Annan , brought the world 's leaders together to adopt the Millennium Development Goals , which established ambitious targets to be achieved in the fight against poverty , hunger , and disease by 2015 .
Third , happiness is achieved through a balanced approach to life by both individuals and societies .
Argentina achieved per capita economic growth of just 0.5 % during 1980-1998 , while Korea grew at a rate of 6.2 % per year , fueled by its high-technology exports .
India achieved notable successes more recently , though much remains to be accomplished .
Many studies , including those that I did for the World Health Organization , show that for a modest amount of money worldwide , perhaps an extra $ 50 - $ 100 billion per year in aid from rich countries , the Millennium Development Goals can be achieved .
Can a more balanced globalization be achieved ?
The truth , as usual , is more complicated , and understanding it helps us to comprehend what will be needed if real peace is to be achieved .
Although sanctions clearly create suffering in many places , how often have they achieved the desired goal ?
If more financial aid is combined with good governance in poor countries , then the Millennium Development Goals can be achieved on time .
But it has largely achieved its aims .
Much of this has been achieved through regional and international assistance , but on June 7 the Lebanese people , through the ballot box , proved that they hold ultimate decision-making power over the country 's precarious but potentially promising future .
With the crisis of the 1990 's brought on by the collapse of our Soviet patron , many Cubans returned to what Che said about economics , and admit the value of what is achieved with effort .
It is also one of a handful of countries that have achieved significant results in recovering from the deep damage of prolonged conflict by rebuilding government and establishing the rule of law .
The EU was founded in recognition that certain goals could only be achieved through cooperation .
If it is to be achieved , US officials must restrain themselves from exacerbating old fears by viewing China as a threat .
There are good reasons to believe that the level of stability achieved in Iraq can be maintained even without a large-scale US presence .
Why then ca n't a similar sisterhood be achieved in the realm of politics ?
That revelation has undermined much of the good Putin has achieved in office , for it has made foreign investors wary once again of doing business in Russia .
This is because the second phase , which still has to be achieved , calls for a Palestinian state with contiguous but provisional borders .
Exuberant Brazil Brazil 's stock market , as measured by the inflation-corrected Bovespa index , has more than quadrupled in value since President Luis Inácio Lula da Silva 's first election victory in October 2002 , and is now at almost twice the peak achieved in 2000 .
But , in assessing the benefits achieved by economic growth , it is a mistake to focus on whether the income gap between rich and poor widened or narrowed .
But it is precisely this reasoning that is threatened by what Hwang and his team claimed to have achieved .
In a randomized trial , 30 % of those who risked a penalty for failure achieved their goal , compared to only 5 % in the control group .
And German Chancellor Angela Merkel achieved a substantial diplomatic success .
If the GDL gets a higher wage settlement than achieved in the general wage agreement for all railway workers , the general agreement will become invalid -- an outcome that the railway management can not accept under any conditions .
This is true , but the same result can be achieved by paying off foreign debt , which is a better policy , especially at the outset , when the fund is trying to build up credibility .
The development discussion today is essentially about how such preconditions of poverty reduction and economic growth can be achieved without colonialism .
It is likely that Keynes 's `` target '' of $ 66,000 will be achieved for most western countries by 2030 .
After all , human nature is not only inherently gainful , but also takes satisfaction in gain cunningly achieved -- for example , by finding ways round regulations .
In her report to the annual session of the People 's Consultative Assembly , delivered on November 1 , Megawati admitted that her government had achieved little .
The Security Council 's composition would n't be substantially different if an `` ideal '' distribution of seats were to be achieved .
America can not do whatever it wants , as the Iraqi debacle has demonstrated ; but , at the same time , nothing much can be achieved in the way of international cooperation without US leadership , or at least active participation .
These professionals take pride in their accomplishments , and may even enjoy the respect of an American public that admires success no matter how it is achieved .
After a slow start , rapid progress has been achieved , with 36 measures formally adopted , including important directives on market abuse , prospectuses , financial collateral , distance marketing , collective investment schemes , and a common set of International Accounting Standards for the consolidated accounts of all listed companies .
As for what has already been achieved , some measures deserve unqualified praise .
There were high expectations , both at home and abroad , that South Africa could and would punch above its weight in international affairs , capitalizing on the extraordinary and unexpected constitutional settlement achieved by Nelson Mandela and F. W. de Klerk in 1994 .
While a relatively high and sustainable growth pattern can be achieved , it will take time .
De-politicization of surveillance is best achieved by creating an independent body , whether formal or informal , while stricter and more binding rules must include a stronger link between deficit and debt criteria .
By the same token , the new Asian players must take into account the progress achieved in this regard in the latter half of the twentieth century .
Thus , SSA countries have only enjoyed independence for a short period in comparison with , say , South America , where countries had their wars of independence around 1810-1820 and achieved some type of constitutional government by 1850-1880 .
Only Botswana and Namibia achieved respectable scores , while the worst offenders were Cameroon , Uganda , Kenya , Angola , Madagascar , and Nigeria .
Even if the US had achieved stability in Iraq , this would not have assured victory in the `` war on terrorism , '' let alone success in achieving broader strategic objectives .
But what is clear is that the Obama strategy 's current and future costs are very high -- and so far , it has not achieved its limited objective of restarting lending .
Where the IMF 's next managing director will come down on this issue -- and on whether fiscal salvation is to be achieved through austerity , with costs borne by ordinary citizens , even as bankers get only a mild slap on the wrist -- is critically important , but hard to predict .
Europe 's leaders recognized that distressed countries ' debts would become unmanageable unless their economies could grow , and that growth could not be achieved without assistance .
The scale of theft achieved by those who ransacked Enron , Worldcom , and other corporations is in the billions of dollars , greater than the GDP of many countries .
This was a remarkable confession : these officials evidently believed that their policies had wrecked nearly half of Russia 's economic capacity in the space of just a few years -- a level of destruction not even Hitler 's Nazi armies had achieved .
What they achieved was undiluted decline .
But these policies proved neither necessary nor sufficient for growth ; the countries of East Asia , which followed different policies , achieved faster growth and were far more successful in poverty reduction .
Founded at the end of World War II to prevent another major disaster of that kind , the UN has now vastly expanded its mandate beyond peacekeeping , as important as that is . For instance , the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDG -RRB- , adopted at the UN Millennium summit five years ago , proclaimed the international community 's resolve to reduce poverty in all of its manifestations and set concrete goals to be achieved by 2015 .
Much has already been achieved since the crisis , through more resources for the IMF and new financing instruments .
Austerity-based fiscal consolidation is likely to fail , because sustainable public budgets are best achieved on the basis of strong economic growth .
In Georgia , Moldova , Tajikistan and Ukraine , for example , per capita GDP is now less than half of the dire levels achieved under communism .
Why has the government achieved so little , despite a large majority in Parliament , widespread backing among the population , and supportive media ?
The first change concerns China 's pattern of economic growth , which so far has been achieved mostly by rapidly increasing factor inputs -- labor , capital , and energy .
The first concerns the pattern of Chinese economic growth , which so far has been achieved mainly by rapid increases in factor inputs -- labor , capital , and energy .
This effort stemmed from a conviction that peace could be achieved only by accommodating all parties ' concerns .
As they dominated the world 's media for three gruesome days , the killers achieved a startling success for their cause , one that must have shaken anti-terrorist experts around the world , who now realize how easy it would be for ten men unafraid of death to hold any city in the world hostage .
Hugo Chávez first achieved this in Venezuela , and there are other specters of potentially perpetual re-elections .
When this is achieved , the next steps are a permanent normal trade status for Russia in the US , and practical moves toward a pan-European free-trade area between the EU , Russia , Ukraine , and other countries .
But most accession countries have already achieved substantial progress in lowering inflation and nominal interest rates .
Interests and ideology often interact in ways so subtle that is difficult to disentangle them , the influence of interests being achieved through an unconsciously accepted ideology .
So far , the Union 's actions have achieved the opposite .
In the early-to-mid 1990s budget deficits turned into surpluses , bank and financial supervision tightened and labor market reform was repeatedly attempted -LRB- if never achieved -RRB- .
There may be disputes in some cases , but the system has brought a degree of legal certainty across the single market that the EU 's member states could not have achieved on their own .
He has achieved prominence in a foreign country , inventing something outstanding .
Indeed , at the time Ceylon -LRB- now Sri Lanka -RRB- achieved independence , it was far more committed to democracy and the common-law legal system than Malaya .
Yes , the UN has achieved much under Secretary General Annan 's leadership .
But the idea of the United Nations as a uniter of nations remains , in many parts of the world and for many of the world 's most complex problems , more an ideal still to be achieved than a living reality .
Such strengthening can only be achieved by a fundamental reform of the UN 's internal structure .
The results of this research , and the dramatically improved gains in learning and interest achieved in associated teaching experiments , show that there are tremendous opportunities to improve university science education .
Breaking Burma 's Isolation NEW YORK -- The Obama administration 's decision to seek a new way forward in United States-Burma relations recognizes that decades of trying to isolate Burma -LRB- Myanmar -RRB- in order to change the behavior of its government have achieved little .
At the same time , carbon dioxide emissions are rising : the European Union 's target is to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 8 % by 2010 ; but with current policies , only 0.5 % will be achieved .
If that growth is not achieved in an environmentally sustainable way , its effects on poverty and human well-being will be disastrous .
With membership achieved and EU money starting to pour in , leaders feel secure enough to let economic policy slip .
Having promptly achieved depreciation , it may have succeeded .
The US has achieved relative successes in the province through alliances with Sunni tribes .
The fact is that before the US operation to kill Bin Laden , Al Qaeda 's symbolic head , the emerging democratic Arab revolutions had already , in just a few short months , done as much to marginalize and weaken his terrorist movement in the Islamic world as the war on terror had achieved in a decade .
Israel achieved remarkable results in the wars fought against far more populous Arab countries in 1948 , 1967 , and 1973 .
After all , they achieved what they wanted in defiance of enormous international pressure , and even succeeded in transferring nuclear technology to Syria several years ago without being punished .
China 's rapid growth has been achieved at extremely high cost . Only future generations will know the true price .
Pressure for revaluation comes at a stage when per capita national income is merely $ 1,000 , not $ 10,000 or $ 15,000 , so China still needs a rather long period of rapid economic growth to reach anything like the stage that Japan had achieved when it allowed the yen to be revalued .
Indeed , the controversy in Chinese eyes is not really about Korean reunification -- few in Beijing speculate that the endgame will be otherwise -- but to what extent reunification can be achieved without damaging China 's security concerns .
