The Orthodox Church has acquired enormous political clout in recent years , and few politicians risk offending it .
Leveraging a mixture of administrative guidance and monetary incentives , the city government plans to reduce the share of garments in the output of textiles products by 25 % in three years and to increase the industrial applications of chemical fibers , which promise much higher returns than apparel production . Already , according to local officials , the city 's factories have acquired the ability to mass-produce super-thin fibers first designed in Japan .
The government likewise subjects officials to lifestyle checks and vets their statements of assets and liabilities to find out if what they have acquired is commensurate with their declared income .
The end of the conflict , like the requirement that Israel be recognized as a Jewish state , is a concept that has unnecessarily acquired mythical meaning .
Sharing prey with pre-existing carnivores , they acquired tapeworms that originally inhabited only hyenas , large cats , and African hunting dogs .
As a result , the European liberal left lost its sympathy for Israel , and the country acquired a new set of friends among the right -- even the far right .
Brazil has acquired an international stature worthy of its size and success , though perhaps not of its ambitions .
With its defense spending having grown almost twice as fast as its GDP , China is now beginning to take the gloves off , confident that it has acquired the necessary muscle .
Now calls are growing for the government to surrender the special powers that it acquired during the war and end the control of information as an instrument of state policy . Fonseka has promised to curtail the almost unchecked powers that the president now enjoys and free thousands of young Tamil men suspected of rebel links .
Having earlier preached the gospel of its `` peaceful rise , '' China is now beginning to take the gloves off , convinced that it has acquired the necessary muscle .
Before Deng launched his `` four modernizations , '' China had acquired global military reach by testing its first intercontinental ballistic missile , the DF-5 , with a range of 12,000 kilometers -LRB- 7,500 miles -RRB- , and developing a thermonuclear warhead .
All governments have acquired the habit of using secondary legislation by orders and regulations without parliamentary control .
It is highly likely that the Greek debt that the ECB has acquired is not worth what it has paid .
Because the required skills acquired through formal education have become relatively scarcer , the education premium has risen , underpinning a more uneven distribution of income and wealth .
What we know about the mindset of terrorists tells us that they are mostly not deranged or insane , but have acquired a different set of beliefs and been exposed to social conditions very different from our own .
The dollar originally acquired international currency status in the 1920 's , when the newly established Federal Reserve started buying and selling dollar acceptances , backstopping the market and enhancing its liquidity .
Less visibly , it has acquired many times the current volume in so-called `` repo operations , '' through which the ECB provides euros to struggling banks in a `` temporary and reversible '' exchange for the government bonds on their balance sheets .
Twenty-Five Years of HIV\/AIDS It is now a quarter-century since the acquired immune deficiency syndrome -LRB- AIDS -RRB- was recognized .
This underscores the need for a determined regimen to treat TB today , as well as a more complex strategy to control the disease , one which cures as many cases as possible , prevents acquired drug resistance and decreases the transmission of infection .
By this point , Phelps had already acquired an international reputation through his work on the golden rule of capital accumulation -LRB- he was 28 -RRB- .
By submitting to a common regime of speaking , writing , reading , observing , and calculating , the `` upright ape '' acquired the capacity to reason in public . This enabled first him and then her to command authority regardless of birth , resulting in the forging of networks and even institutions whose benefits cut deeply across bloodlines .
Whereas China is a formidable exporter of manufactured goods , India has acquired a global reputation for exporting modern services . Indeed , India has leapfrogged over the manufacturing sector , going straight from agriculture into services .
To improve the economy we will direct lending to manufacturing and entrepreneurial activity , protect the right to honestly earned and legally acquired property , rebuild savings , and stimulate scientific-technical innovation and investment .
Nationalization certainly seems to appeal to the powerful faction comprising Putin 's former KGB colleagues and associates from his native St. Petersburg , one of whom last year became the chairman of Rosneft , the wholly state-owned oil company which acquired Yuganskneftegaz .
If , in the meantime , the political system has not acquired more institutional cushioning , and the presidency 's unique legitimacy remains -- like today -- based merely on the public 's approval of an incumbent surrounded by shady and bickering Kremlin factions , there would be a high risk of chronic destabilisation .
It is possible that highly metastasized breast tumors might have acquired additional genetic changes causing resistance to treatment with PARP inhibitors .
However , unlike fully developed tumors , they are not likely to have acquired many genetic changes and are therefore unlikely to have gained resistance to PARP inhibitors .
But there are many less familiar examples of information that is learned or acquired from parents by non-genetic means , ranging from the feeding techniques of monkeys and rats to the food preferences of rabbits and the song dialects of birds and whales .
In evolutionary studies , because heritable non-genetic variations are often induced by the environment , we have to expand our notion of heredity and variation to include the inheritance of acquired variations , the once disparaged idea that was part of Lamarck 's theory .
Rather , it is how China intends to use its newly acquired economic and military strength in pursuing its domestic and foreign-policy goals -- and how the world 's leading powers can ensure that they do not end up harming each other by accident or misunderstanding .
All this comes from carefully acquired experience -- technical and sociological -- with delivering expert medical advice through teleconference facilities , aided by satellite links .
Our statistical analysis of the entry and exit patterns of entrepreneurs in the Brazilian ethanol industry shows that the more efficient acquired the less efficient .
So far , China 's biggest European investment has been in the Belgian financial company , Fortis N.V. , where Ping An Insurance recently acquired a 4.2 % stake , making it the largest shareholder in the company .
Non-PA groups like Hamas acquired their own weapons mostly by buying them from Israeli soldiers or on the Israeli black market .
In particular , Russians have acquired some organizational and community-building skills .
The pool of fleeing capital includes assets acquired legally at home and legally transferred abroad ; capital acquired legally at home and illegally transferred abroad ; and illegally acquired capital that is funneled abroad illegally .
Private firms that have acquired public assets should be induced , through legislation , to recapitalize these companies .
At long last , they say , German leaders can use the unrestricted sovereignty Germany acquired with reunification in 1990 .
The nihilistic and destructive instincts that some young Germans of the Baader\/Meinhof generation acquired from extreme leftist ideology in the 1970 's , it seems , can be transformed into a `` romanticization '' of al-Qaeda .
But because arrest no longer meant execution but long imprisonment , dissidents acquired a reasonable chance to emerge from prison or labor camps .
With the assistance of foreign donors , The Daily News acquired a new press and managed to keep publishing a first-rate newspaper .
But , over the last decade , major European banks have acquired foreign banks through such mergers as the acquisition by Spain 's Banco Santander of the UK 's Abbey National , Italy 's UniCredito of Austria 's Hypovereinsbank and Holland 's ABN-AMRO .
In 1970 , boosted by the new Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- , the IAEA acquired expanded authority to safeguard nuclear elements against diversion .
Neither technology nor good institutions can be acquired without significant domestic adaptations .
And they certainly do n't want to be pressed to apologize for holding hostage over $ 800 billion in foreign currency reserves , acquired to resist yen appreciation .
I thought again about how on his trip through Latin America , he acquired his revolutionary ideals , clarified certain questions , and added more . I loved how he was brave enough to postpone his life for a while to find his own answers .
The agenda appears straightforward , but `` Paris III '' has acquired a barely concealed political purpose : to bolster the government of Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Siniora in the face of a powerful domestic challenge led by Hezbollah , and by extension to curb the influence of Hezbollah 's regional backers , Syria and Iran .
The Royal Bank of Scotland , founded in 1727 , when laissez-faire philosopher Adam Smith was only four years old , has just become a socialist state-owned-enterprise thanks to the bank 's incompetent leaders , who acquired over-priced banks filled with toxic assets .
Roman Abromovictch , for example , just acquired London 's Chelsea football club -- a witty way to join English society , no doubt , but an investment unlikely to offer the kind of financial returns he could make in Russia if his confidence in the country were undented .
That is `` six times the amount the US government spent to promote rule of law , democratic governance , and respect for fundamental human rights . '' The report concludes that `` the US military has acquired an oversized impact on US foreign policy in Central Asia . ''
President Bush 's readiness to consult with India 's leadership on the missile defense issue at senior levels , and India 's positive -LRB- some would say enthusiastic -RRB- response , indicated the warmth and harmony of interests the new relationship had acquired .
Societies have also differed in how wealthy they allow their elites to become , and in their tolerance of the means by which wealth is acquired and used .
Upwardly mobile MPs from the ruling Labor Party claimed the trappings of their newly-acquired middle-class status : second homes , mock-tudor beams , and plasma screen televisions .
After a chaotic period , Russia is shedding the few attributes of an open society it had acquired .
But by IMF logic , all you see in the accounts is increased expenditure and borrowing , not the value of the acquired asset .
I believe some of the inequities of the past can be addressed without any direct attack on `` property rights , '' no matter how dubiously acquired .
So they imagine the property rights acquired through cronyism , nepotism , and backroom dealing as somehow emerging from a Lockean realm of freedom .
More importantly , through its numerous rescues of sovereign states , the IMF has acquired expertise in debt restructuring , while developing a reputation for toughness and impartiality , which would be very useful in these situations .
