The Orthodox Church has acquired enormous political clout in recent years , and few politicians risk offending it .
Leveraging a mixture of administrative guidance and monetary incentives , the city government plans to reduce the share of garments in the output of textiles products by 25 % in three years and to increase the industrial applications of chemical fibers , which promise much higher returns than apparel production . Already , according to local officials , the city 's factories have acquired the ability to mass-produce super-thin fibers first designed in Japan .
The government likewise subjects officials to lifestyle checks and vets their statements of assets and liabilities to find out if what they have acquired is commensurate with their declared income .
In particular , the Fund should enhance its understanding of the links between supervisory frameworks and macroeconomic conditions , including balance-of-payments and exchange-rate developments , by leveraging the wealth of cross-country information and expertise that it acquires through missions to its 185 members .
Instead , they have insisted that nuclear weapons are essential for their security and continued to modernize their nuclear arsenals . This naturally robs them of the moral authority to persuade others not to acquire nuclear weapons , which continue to be perceived as a source of power and influence , and an insurance policy against attack .
But , by being allowed to acquire popular legitimacy and a high degree of acceptance within the political establishment as the driving force behind the ruling party 's preparations for the post-Mubarak era , Gamal is being positioned strategically to compete effectively for the presidency .
But it was a recent statement to Congress by Secretary of Defense Robert Gates that was especially shocking to Israelis . He expressed understanding for Iran 's desire to acquire nuclear weapons because , as he said , the Iranians are surrounded by nuclear powers such as Pakistan , India , Russia , and Israel .
The end of the conflict , like the requirement that Israel be recognized as a Jewish state , is a concept that has unnecessarily acquired mythical meaning .
Moreover , with the West focused on the formidable challenges posed by the Arab revolts , Iran finds it easier to divert the world 's attention from its nuclear program , and to circumvent the international sanctions regime designed to curtail its efforts to acquire nuclear weapons .
Such obstacles include the absence of an informed and capable workforce , instinctive mistrust and rejection of new ideas and technologies just because they come from the West , lack of respect for those who acquire new knowledge , and endemic discrimination against women .
Under this scheme , job-security provisions , mainly in the form of mandated severance payments , should increase steadily as workers acquire seniority .
Sharing prey with pre-existing carnivores , they acquired tapeworms that originally inhabited only hyenas , large cats , and African hunting dogs .
As a result , the European liberal left lost its sympathy for Israel , and the country acquired a new set of friends among the right -- even the far right .
Kosovo would acquire limited independence , with its status rising from a province of a sovereign state to an international subject capable of entering into certain agreements with other states and even joining the UN .
The right-of-center Party of National Action -LRB- PAN -RRB- , the grouping of current President Vicente Fox and Calderón , needs to acquire a sincere and profound social conscience .
Brazil has acquired an international stature worthy of its size and success , though perhaps not of its ambitions .
Even Chile , after a lengthy process of weighing its options , is still pondering whether to acquire a dozen American-built jet fighters or a joint Swedish-Brazilian alternative .
With its defense spending having grown almost twice as fast as its GDP , China is now beginning to take the gloves off , confident that it has acquired the necessary muscle .
Now calls are growing for the government to surrender the special powers that it acquired during the war and end the control of information as an instrument of state policy . Fonseka has promised to curtail the almost unchecked powers that the president now enjoys and free thousands of young Tamil men suspected of rebel links .
Having earlier preached the gospel of its `` peaceful rise , '' China is now beginning to take the gloves off , convinced that it has acquired the necessary muscle .
Before Deng launched his `` four modernizations , '' China had acquired global military reach by testing its first intercontinental ballistic missile , the DF-5 , with a range of 12,000 kilometers -LRB- 7,500 miles -RRB- , and developing a thermonuclear warhead .
All governments have acquired the habit of using secondary legislation by orders and regulations without parliamentary control .
How , then , will Brown acquire legitimacy as Britain 's new leader ?
It is highly likely that the Greek debt that the ECB has acquired is not worth what it has paid .
Science from this perspective is about natural philosophy , an enterprise that seeks to acquire deep understanding of the world regardless of whether that knowledge can be put to use .
Fourth , channel aid through the central government budget , or through local authorities , so that officials can acquire legitimacy by providing services and infrastructure , and provide subsidies and price-support programs to replace poppies with licit crops such as cotton , which was produced in the past .
Because the required skills acquired through formal education have become relatively scarcer , the education premium has risen , underpinning a more uneven distribution of income and wealth .
One would think that a country like the US , with a current account deficit of roughly $ 800 billion a year , would realize that such a yawning external gap is inevitably financed only by selling off assets , which means that foreigners with money acquire ownership and control of US-based businesses .
With that guarantee broken by Lehman Brothers ' collapse , every financial institution immediately sought to acquire a much greater capital cushion in order to avoid the need to draw on government support , but found it impossible to do so .
But now we see Asian companies beginning to acquire valuable US-owned economic assets -- witness India 's Tata Group 's proposed acquisition of Jaguar and Land Rover from Ford . Do you see foreign investment and acquisitions in America as a positive development or a potential peril ?
What we know about the mindset of terrorists tells us that they are mostly not deranged or insane , but have acquired a different set of beliefs and been exposed to social conditions very different from our own .
The dollar originally acquired international currency status in the 1920 's , when the newly established Federal Reserve started buying and selling dollar acceptances , backstopping the market and enhancing its liquidity .
Less visibly , it has acquired many times the current volume in so-called `` repo operations , '' through which the ECB provides euros to struggling banks in a `` temporary and reversible '' exchange for the government bonds on their balance sheets .
India 's commitment to defense spending , and its desire to acquire advanced military production processes , may provide the kind of energy that Europe has been lacking .
But once a pharmaceutical company develops a treatment for a psychiatric disorder , it acquires a financial interest in making sure that doctors diagnose the disorder as often as possible .
Twenty-Five Years of HIV\/AIDS It is now a quarter-century since the acquired immune deficiency syndrome -LRB- AIDS -RRB- was recognized .
This underscores the need for a determined regimen to treat TB today , as well as a more complex strategy to control the disease , one which cures as many cases as possible , prevents acquired drug resistance and decreases the transmission of infection .
What , then , will a future risk assessment look like if significantly less organized and developed countries begin -- with the active assistance of the nuclear powers -- to acquire civilian nuclear-energy capabilities ?
States are not given roles ; they acquire them by the power assets they can deploy .
By this point , Phelps had already acquired an international reputation through his work on the golden rule of capital accumulation -LRB- he was 28 -RRB- .
By submitting to a common regime of speaking , writing , reading , observing , and calculating , the `` upright ape '' acquired the capacity to reason in public . This enabled first him and then her to command authority regardless of birth , resulting in the forging of networks and even institutions whose benefits cut deeply across bloodlines .
Whereas China is a formidable exporter of manufactured goods , India has acquired a global reputation for exporting modern services . Indeed , India has leapfrogged over the manufacturing sector , going straight from agriculture into services .
To improve the economy we will direct lending to manufacturing and entrepreneurial activity , protect the right to honestly earned and legally acquired property , rebuild savings , and stimulate scientific-technical innovation and investment .
Seizure of a Russian military base in order to acquire weapons is , indeed , likely to become a vital goal of `` extremists . ''
Nationalization certainly seems to appeal to the powerful faction comprising Putin 's former KGB colleagues and associates from his native St. Petersburg , one of whom last year became the chairman of Rosneft , the wholly state-owned oil company which acquired Yuganskneftegaz .
If , in the meantime , the political system has not acquired more institutional cushioning , and the presidency 's unique legitimacy remains -- like today -- based merely on the public 's approval of an incumbent surrounded by shady and bickering Kremlin factions , there would be a high risk of chronic destabilisation .
In return for offering the exchange against a haircut , the EMF would acquire the claims against the defaulting country , which would then receive any additional funds from the EMF only for specific purposes that the EMF approves .
These two simple elements -- orderly default and a financing mechanism -- could resolve the current crisis within the euro zone : by creating a European Monetary Fund along these lines , the euro area would acquire an institution that could support member countries in difficulties , but that would also ensure that market discipline really worked .
Globalization makes it easier for terrorists to acquire the tools of their trade and to move about .
There is also the chance that other countries such as Egypt or Saudi Arabia would develop or acquire nuclear weapons of their own . The United States could take steps to reduce these risks , including providing missile defense and security guarantees to selective countries , but it is far from clear that such efforts would succeed .
The outside world can and should continue to provide assistance to help Pakistan acquire the strength and skills required to tackle modern-day terrorists .
A well-educated citizenry is also essential if young men and women are to acquire the skills needed to perform the sort of jobs today 's global and competitive world demands .
The Royal Bank of Scotland is leading an investment group that will invest $ 3.1 billion more in the Bank of China , while Goldman Sachs and Germany 's Allianz are close to an agreement to acquire a 9.9 % stake in the Industrial and Commercial Bank for a similar sum .
It is possible that highly metastasized breast tumors might have acquired additional genetic changes causing resistance to treatment with PARP inhibitors .
However , unlike fully developed tumors , they are not likely to have acquired many genetic changes and are therefore unlikely to have gained resistance to PARP inhibitors .
But there are many less familiar examples of information that is learned or acquired from parents by non-genetic means , ranging from the feeding techniques of monkeys and rats to the food preferences of rabbits and the song dialects of birds and whales .
In evolutionary studies , because heritable non-genetic variations are often induced by the environment , we have to expand our notion of heredity and variation to include the inheritance of acquired variations , the once disparaged idea that was part of Lamarck 's theory .
It must be hard and require enormous effort to acquire the unique skills that mark the superstar and earn societies ' respect and admiration .
Rather , it is how China intends to use its newly acquired economic and military strength in pursuing its domestic and foreign-policy goals -- and how the world 's leading powers can ensure that they do not end up harming each other by accident or misunderstanding .
The hard work of building facilities for enriching uranium is precisely what the Iranians are now already doing , if not yet in sufficient quantity to make a bomb , which might take them five or ten more years to acquire .
But , once they acquire sufficient capacity , only the easy steps will remain .
Thus , the treaty unfortunately permits any signatory to acquire the most important facilities needed for making atomic bombs .
But , report or no report , the danger that Iran will acquire nuclear weapons is real , and may even have increased .
All this comes from carefully acquired experience -- technical and sociological -- with delivering expert medical advice through teleconference facilities , aided by satellite links .
Our statistical analysis of the entry and exit patterns of entrepreneurs in the Brazilian ethanol industry shows that the more efficient acquired the less efficient .
So far , China 's biggest European investment has been in the Belgian financial company , Fortis N.V. , where Ping An Insurance recently acquired a 4.2 % stake , making it the largest shareholder in the company .
Even if a strike was an operational success , it would only set back Iran 's nuclear program by several years -- while giving the regime a new incentive to acquire a nuclear deterrent and build better hidden and defended nuclear facilities .
Non-PA groups like Hamas acquired their own weapons mostly by buying them from Israeli soldiers or on the Israeli black market .
To acquire an insight into how people from other cultures perceive the world , what is required is knowledge of how they live and experience life .
Moreover , by learning a foreign language , one acquires a new understanding of one 's own .
In particular , Russians have acquired some organizational and community-building skills .
Hence , poverty reduction efforts must seek to provide incentives that will encourage the poor to acquire assets and capabilities that will enable them to escape poverty in the future .
Poverty rates in the region have fallen slightly in the last two decades , but to reduce the drastic levels of inequality , there needs to be a serious commitment to policies that encourage the poor to acquire the means to escape poverty in the future .
The pool of fleeing capital includes assets acquired legally at home and legally transferred abroad ; capital acquired legally at home and illegally transferred abroad ; and illegally acquired capital that is funneled abroad illegally .
Private firms that have acquired public assets should be induced , through legislation , to recapitalize these companies .
For example , Chinese representatives disbursed almost $ 2.3 billion to acquire a 45 % stake in one of Nigeria 's offshore oil fields and promised to invest an additional $ 2.25 billion in develop the reserves .
At long last , they say , German leaders can use the unrestricted sovereignty Germany acquired with reunification in 1990 .
But until Congress forges an attractive political program , and acquires charisma beyond that inherited from the Nehru family , it seems condemned to opposition .
The good news is that the global community has united to help all people acquire these skills -- and with real results .
Over the years , we have learned that the real challenge is not just to enroll children in school , but to help them to acquire the skills necessary for employment , entrepreneurship , family life , and citizenship .
And we need stronger links between schools and employers to ensure that graduates acquire skills that are relevant to a changing job market .
The nihilistic and destructive instincts that some young Germans of the Baader\/Meinhof generation acquired from extreme leftist ideology in the 1970 's , it seems , can be transformed into a `` romanticization '' of al-Qaeda .
We must of course protect ourselves in the most serious and determined manner from the threat that terrorism may pose should , say , extremists acquire nuclear or biological weapons .
You do not need to go to Davos for this , but in the Swiss mountains these ideas acquire an aura of legitimacy -- call it the `` I was told in Davos '' imprimatur -- which explains why political and economic analysts and commentators keep coming back , despite the Forum 's combination of pomposity and intellectual vacuity .
Most people acquire survival skills -- if not more sophisticated forms of savoir-faire -- informally , as a quick glance at the immigration experience in the United States demonstrates .
But because arrest no longer meant execution but long imprisonment , dissidents acquired a reasonable chance to emerge from prison or labor camps .
With the assistance of foreign donors , The Daily News acquired a new press and managed to keep publishing a first-rate newspaper .
It took at least a week for the first new neurons to reach their destination and acquire the looks of an adult neuron .
Russia controlled great force , but it could not acquire power over the US from its arsenal .
Developing countries need to grow , but nowadays it is easier to acquire capacity and grow through FDI than it is to develop domestic mass consumption markets .
The EU needs common defense procurement and harmonization to acquire the helicopters , transport aircraft , battlefield communications equipment , and surveillance drones that are necessary for twenty-first-century operations .
How on earth did they acquire such a statist and conservative mind-set ?
Nevertheless , the stakes are far higher than in the seventeenth century , because Iran represents a threat that combines a fanatic religion with a determination to acquire nuclear weapons .
Tunisia , Egypt , and the other Southern Mediterranean countries have an abundance of young people with degrees and no jobs , who often also need to acquire practical skills .
To create more jobs in the economy , I proposed that governments establish a class of banks that would acquire the lost art of financing investment projects in the business sector -- the type of financing the old `` merchant '' banks did so well a century ago .
But , over the last decade , major European banks have acquired foreign banks through such mergers as the acquisition by Spain 's Banco Santander of the UK 's Abbey National , Italy 's UniCredito of Austria 's Hypovereinsbank and Holland 's ABN-AMRO .
Thus , Arab countries grow water-hungry grain in the desert , and China acquires part ownership of oil companies in Sudan .
In 1970 , boosted by the new Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- , the IAEA acquired expanded authority to safeguard nuclear elements against diversion .
The Treaty 's principles remain bold : the pact 's five acknowledged nuclear weapons states -- the US , Britain , France , Russia , and China -- promise to eliminate their nuclear arsenals , and the remaining parties commit not to acquire nuclear weapons in exchange for the right to develop civil nuclear power , with international assistance , subject to binding safeguards .
During the 1970 's , he approached China , India , and Pakistan . Fortunately , despite the fact that India and Pakistan lay outside the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- -- and thus were not subject to its prohibition on disseminating arsenals -- they , along with China , rebuffed Qadaffi 's requests . Undaunted , he sought to acquire technologies to produce the weapons .
Neither technology nor good institutions can be acquired without significant domestic adaptations .
But if this happens more rapidly than workers can acquire advanced skills , the result can be a dangerous imbalance between an economy 's productive structure and its workforce .
And they certainly do n't want to be pressed to apologize for holding hostage over $ 800 billion in foreign currency reserves , acquired to resist yen appreciation .
I thought again about how on his trip through Latin America , he acquired his revolutionary ideals , clarified certain questions , and added more . I loved how he was brave enough to postpone his life for a while to find his own answers .
Like competitors elsewhere , they need to invest abroad to acquire a portfolio of local assets that give then better access to the markets , skills , technology , and natural resources that they need to protect and strengthen their international competitiveness .
The agenda appears straightforward , but `` Paris III '' has acquired a barely concealed political purpose : to bolster the government of Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Siniora in the face of a powerful domestic challenge led by Hezbollah , and by extension to curb the influence of Hezbollah 's regional backers , Syria and Iran .
The Royal Bank of Scotland , founded in 1727 , when laissez-faire philosopher Adam Smith was only four years old , has just become a socialist state-owned-enterprise thanks to the bank 's incompetent leaders , who acquired over-priced banks filled with toxic assets .
Roman Abromovictch , for example , just acquired London 's Chelsea football club -- a witty way to join English society , no doubt , but an investment unlikely to offer the kind of financial returns he could make in Russia if his confidence in the country were undented .
Low-income people manifestly enjoy lotteries , and they will acquire the habit of looking forward to the lottery dates , which will deter them from cashing in their bonds .
That is `` six times the amount the US government spent to promote rule of law , democratic governance , and respect for fundamental human rights . '' The report concludes that `` the US military has acquired an oversized impact on US foreign policy in Central Asia . ''
The more responsibilities the Brussels bureaucracy acquires , the more independent it will become .
More generally , however the problem of the Irish referendum result is addressed , the EU will gradually acquire its definitive shape on the basis of the ongoing problems that it must address , because as the dimensions of these problems grow , their management will require solid and durable forms of cooperation .
President Bush 's readiness to consult with India 's leadership on the missile defense issue at senior levels , and India 's positive -LRB- some would say enthusiastic -RRB- response , indicated the warmth and harmony of interests the new relationship had acquired .
Societies have also differed in how wealthy they allow their elites to become , and in their tolerance of the means by which wealth is acquired and used .
Upwardly mobile MPs from the ruling Labor Party claimed the trappings of their newly-acquired middle-class status : second homes , mock-tudor beams , and plasma screen televisions .
After a chaotic period , Russia is shedding the few attributes of an open society it had acquired .
But by IMF logic , all you see in the accounts is increased expenditure and borrowing , not the value of the acquired asset .
I believe some of the inequities of the past can be addressed without any direct attack on `` property rights , '' no matter how dubiously acquired .
The trick will be to ensure that migrants are given the chance to acquire the skills that European employers need , and that they have the chance to move in a safe , legal , and orderly fashion .
· The euro was expected to acquire an international role , eventually improving Europe 's resilience in the face of economic shocks .
But at times like these , when issues such as North Korea 's bid to acquire nuclear weapons and a possible US-led war against Iraq provoke heated debate in the international community , the Japanese public is also engaged in frequent , daily exchanges about what Japan should do .
A tradition of conservative banking regulation and a tough-minded Governor of the Reserve Bank -LRB- India 's central bank -RRB- ensured that Indian banks did not acquire the toxic debts flowing from sub-prime loans , credit-default swaps , and over-inflated housing prices that assailed Western banks .
The elephant of Indian democracy will acquire a new set of mahouts before the month 's end .
The need to acquire expertise on diverse issues and to participate in the adoption of roughly 60 resolutions a year -LRB- not to mention Presidential Statements on the same issues , which have less legal force but whose adoption requires unanimity -RRB- will test India 's capacity and negotiating skills .
We know , of course , the broad outline of their all-encompassing fundamentalism , and we have some vague ideas about Al Qaeda as a decentralized network of cells in many countries that seeks to acquire chemical , biological , and perhaps even nuclear weapons .
We must not tolerate a system of nuclear apartheid , in which it is considered legitimate for some states to possess nuclear arms but patently unacceptable for others to seek to acquire them .
So they imagine the property rights acquired through cronyism , nepotism , and backroom dealing as somehow emerging from a Lockean realm of freedom .
Chinese investors would presumably eagerly acquire additional natural resources in Afghanistan if the security situation improved .
But the cause of nuclear non-proliferation is now in deep trouble , as countries are once again tempted to acquire the means of oblivion .
The possibility that non-state actors could acquire nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction poses an especially grave new threat .
There are several reasons for this regulatory failure , including the inability to acquire and process all relevant data , the political difficulty of enforcing strict judgments , and the difficulty of modeling tail risks .
More importantly , through its numerous rescues of sovereign states , the IMF has acquired expertise in debt restructuring , while developing a reputation for toughness and impartiality , which would be very useful in these situations .
