The Volkswagen law also deters private investors from acquiring shares in the company , despite the principle of free capital mobility within the EU .
It is because Netanyahu is driven by an almost Messianic determination to prevent Iran from acquiring the means to destroy Israel , that he might be amenable to a fundamental change in his position on Palestine , provided Obama makes visible headway in his drive to stop Iran 's nuclear program .
Laws criminalizing the transmission of HIV undermine public health because they deter people who are HIV-positive and those at risk of acquiring the virus from seeking testing , counseling , and treatment .
Today , Bolivia is being led by its government toward antagonism between Indians and non-Indians , the eastern and western regions , and city and country , exacerbated by insults and actions that are acquiring an increasingly racist and ethnocentric edge .
Otherwise , China is likely to emerge as the master of Asia 's water taps , thereby acquiring tremendous leverage over its neighbors ' behavior .
After all , central banks seeking to accumulate foreign-currency reserves will have alternatives to acquiring dollars , so foreigners wo n't give America so much rope with which to hang itself .
Third , following from this , there is a clear perception in Iran that acquiring an actual bomb would lead to impossibly stringent economic sanctions .
Israeli newspapers regularly carry stories about why Israel may need to attack Iran to prevent it from acquiring an arsenal of nuclear weapons .
Cristina dreamed and built her project together with her husband from the start , acquiring more visibility every day .
New brands can assert themselves by acquiring symbolic capital .
The doctrine according to which great powers , many of them nuclear-armed , try to stop lesser powers from acquiring nuclear weapons by force and threats of force -- a fiasco in Iraq , nuclear-armed North Korea , and now Iran -- has reached a dead end .
In another measure intended to improve the lives of ordinary Cubans , he has removed restrictions on acquiring computers , microwave ovens , and other appliances .
The continuing existence of large strategic nuclear forces deployed on high alert , and of tactical nuclear weapons deployed in certain NATO states and Russia , creates a risk of accidental , unauthorized , or mistaken use , and of terrorist groups acquiring these assets .
In European eyes , Americans lack such sophisticated understanding , and often have no interest in acquiring it , seeing the land around and beyond Israel as populated largely by greedy oil sheikhs and dangerous religious fanatics .
Russia 's policy toward the post-Soviet countries is based on the doctrine of a `` liberal empire , '' according to which Russia 's major government-owned and private companies should assume control of key economic entities across the territories of the former Soviet republics by acquiring their assets .
Most Europeans who have been dealing with the issue also assume that Iran is aiming at capacities that would eventually make available all options , including quick development of a nuclear weapon , rather than actually acquiring , let alone testing , a weapon and thereby violating the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
As a result , the acquiring country will , if anything , make suboptimal economic decisions .
Indeed , if the euro zone can persuade Great Britain to become a full-fledged member , thereby acquiring one of the world 's two premier financial centers -LRB- London -RRB- , the euro might really start to look like a viable alternative to the dollar .
As a result of acquiring a pan-European defense capacity , the Europeans are likely to play a more independent role than at present in managing intra-European security relations and carrying out global missions .
As I argued last year , in the second edition of my book Irrational Exuberance , the boom is rooted in speculative investment by ordinary homebuyers , fueled substantially by the worldwide perception that capitalism has triumphed , and that all people must look out for themselves by acquiring property .
Surpluses are used to pay off debt , and the deficits are financed by acquiring debt , leaving the debt-GDP ratio constant over the cycle .
South Ossetia , together with Abkhazia -LRB- combined population 300,000 -RRB- , promptly declared their `` independence , '' creating two new fictional sovereignties , and acquiring in the process all the official trappings of statehood : national heroes , colorful uniforms , anthems , flags , frontier posts , military forces , presidents , parliaments , and , most important , new opportunities for smuggling and corruption .
We learned our lesson and organised ourselves , acquiring a set of capabilities coupled with decision-making procedures and a security doctrine .
Faced with a country whose leader is bent on acquiring nuclear weapons , the EU 's leaders are simply dithering , fearing that the fire next door in Iraq could somehow spread .
And , if Iran succeeds in acquiring long-range ballistic missiles , the security threat will become global .
In fact , some city dwellers do n't even bother with acquiring land or gaining distant help . Certain crops can be grown in their own homes .
Protecting Zimbabwe JOHANNESBURG -- Although the Chinese ship that was carrying arms to Zimbabwe , the An Yue Jiang , has reportedly turned back , we do n't know where else President Robert Mugabe 's military and paramilitary forces may be acquiring weapons .
But aggressive follow-up therapy will be required to prevent the remaining Al Qaeda cells from metastasizing by acquiring more adherents who believe in violence to achieve the ` purification ' and empowerment of Islam .
