As a European working in the US , I admit that I do take many more vacations than my American colleagues .
Considering these difficulties , some inside the Party admit that `` there is only one way forward : let someone be in charge , no matter how she or he is chosen , even through an election , provided effective decision-making is restored . ''
Should levels of displacement remain high , as appears likely , the humanitarian crisis may deepen further , especially because strained local resources have led some governorates to begin refusing to admit displaced people .
America 's conquest of Iraq de-stabilized Turkey 's Western orientation more than the US cares to admit .
Nevertheless , government officials admit , off the record , that the impact of an expected US recession will not be insignificant , because Brazil is not fully protected from external events .
The Czech government admitted that some of the special schools ' student bodies comprised 80 % to 90 % Roma children .
From the standpoint of current member states , would admitting Hungary , Latvia , Poland , or Slovakia , sooner rather than later , drag down the euro as many fear ?
For example , the percentage of respondents admitting to paying bribes in 2006 was 5 % in Poland and 17 % in the Czech Republic and Greece .
Those with roots in the western regions are mainly dissidents who have lived abroad for decades . TNC officials admit that some council members are based in western Libya , but have refused to identify them for security reasons .
The Party has so far been following a more conventional strategy : last week it sent a delegation of officials to the US -LRB- the first ever sent , it said , to have been composed solely of Tibetans -- a fact that one might expect them to have been embarrassed to admit -RRB- and had its leader , Shingtsa Tenzin Choedak , tell journalists that Tibetans enjoy freedom of religion .
Europe , as Denis de Rougemont put it in 1946 , is `` la patrie de la memoire , '' a tormenting and tormented memory , one must admit .
Garang fought for a united , secular , and democratic Sudan , a lofty dream that the Islamist regime in Khartoum admittedly has had no intention of implementing .
The insurgents in Iraq , as the British admit , were able in just three years to cope with their enemies ' technological superiority in a way that the IRA in Northern Ireland was unable to do in 30 years .
Netanyahu 's intention was essentially to force the Palestinians into admitting that the right of return of refugees applies only to the Palestinian state , not Israel .
Hamas was definitely deterred by Israel 's merciless offensive , and Israel , whether it admits it or not , is bound to be deterred by the specter of Israeli leaders and army officers becoming the object of arrest warrants in Europe .
Obama has just admitted that in the Israeli-Palestinian peace process , a president can also be one .
`` This is as intractable a problem as you get , '' he admitted after a wasted year of more error than trial .
He was commendably humble to admit that he was wrong `` to have raised expectations so high . ''
As he admitted in a recent interview with the Palestinian newspaper Al Quds , if pressured to concede on sacred Palestinian principles such as refugees , Jerusalem , and borders , he `` would pack his suitcase and go away . ''
Yet the same Dayan , who in 1970 said that `` the only peace negotiations are those where we settle the land and we build , and we settle , and from time to time we go to war , '' was forced by cruel reality to admit that the best security to which Israel can aspire is that based on peace with its neighbors .
Netanyahu could not bring himself to admit the sins of occupation , or even to utter a minimal expression of empathy with the Palestinian tragedy of dispossession and dispersion .
Eager to deliver his elementary history lessons , Netanyahu refuses to admit the validity of one key perspective .
Egypt had to grant Israel only political recognition , but the Palestinians are being asked to recognize Israel 's moral legitimacy by accepting Jewish links to the Holy Land and hence admitting the Jews ' millenarian claim for a state in a land that the Palestinians believe is historically theirs .
Three times in their history -- in 1937,1947 , and 2000 -- the Palestinians were offered a state , and three times their leaders failed to meet the challenge -- admittedly never an easy one for a nation built on such an unwavering ethos of dispossession .
It took Bush six years of wrongheaded policies to finally admit that `` Iraq is not the only pivotal matter in the Middle East . ''
The man , now sitting next to me , explains with a bit of understatement , `` Of course I must continue to have faith in the Chinese legal system , although I must admit that this incident has somewhat dampened my optimism . ''
Today , the most important issue facing Nato concerns whether or not to admit the Baltic states -- Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania -- now , after some delay , or never .
Yet even the most enthusiastic advocates of military action against Iraq have to admit that such steps carry considerable risks , and no expert on the region I know shares the view , popular among arm-chair orientologists , that a change of regime in Baghdad will usher in a period of peace and stability all over the Middle East .
The Green Paper also suggests that , when admitting migrants , member countries `` require proof that no one already part of the domestic labor market can fill the vacancy concerned . ''
Similarly , the Paper proposes that the self-employed should be admitted after an evaluation of their business plans .
Mike McConnell , America 's Director of National Intelligence , recently admitted to a US Senate panel that al-Qaeda is gaining strength and steadily improving its ability to recruit , train , and even attack the US .
In May , he admitted during a live television broadcast that he suffers from a kidney ailment , but sought to quell rumors that he was terminally ill by insisting that fears for his health are greatly exaggerated and politically motivated .
The past three US presidents , furthermore , have all admitted to consuming -- to one extent or another -- illegal psychoactive substances , while seven million Americans , according to the United Nations , are regular cocaine users .
But , according to Yakubov , `` Only thanks to torture , hundreds and thousands of people admit that they are guilty of religious extremism and terrorism .
Police officers resorted to torture to get them to admit that they were members of an Islamist party , Hizb-ut Tahrir .
Indeed , he admitted as much in his speech at the launch of his political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
Yet I have to admit that I still could not suppress a tiny , keenly felt pleasure when Germany lost to Spain .
In Austria , even liberals admit that an endless succession of social democratic and Christian democratic governments has clogged the political system 's arteries , making it difficult for smaller parties to penetrate what is seen as a bastion of political privilege .
The Algerian military coup in 1992 crushed the Islamists , many of whom , admittedly , were neither liberal , nor necessarily committed to democracy .
Michnik admits that all revolutions are incomplete in the sense that not all sinners are punished , and not all virtuous people are rewarded .
Although this gap endangers the future of Latin American democracy , many Latin American leaders consider it apostasy to admit that living standards are little better today than they were during the era of dictators .
But the problem is that the OAS will be holding its annual assembly in June this year in Peru , and several countries - -- Canada , Costa Rica , the US , Colombia , Panama , Peru itself , and probably Chile -- will push to have Honduras re-admitted .
Mexico abstained on partition , though it voted in favor of admitting Israel to the UN a few months later , and subsequently recognized the Jewish state , acknowledging that its national interest was best served by not taking sides in the Middle East imbroglio .
But , as CIA director Leon Panetta admitted , `` We have seen no evidence that -LRB- the Taliban -RRB- are truly interested in reconciliation . ''
Just as some Chinese pharmaceutical firms exported to Africa spurious medicines with `` Made in India '' labels -- a fact admitted by the Chinese government -- some Chinese hackers are known to have routed their cyber intrusion through computers in Russia , Iran , Cuba , and other countries .
This diplomatic strike occurred at roughly the same time that Taiwan was failing - for the thirteenth time - in its bid to re-enter the United Nations , having been expelled when China was admitted in 1971 .
The director of a medium-size textile enterprise in Bangladesh admits without hesitation that 70 % of his employees are between the ages of 13 and 17 .
Moreover , admitting Turkey would demonstrate the EU 's political consistency , while representing a qualitative step forward in the European project .
He admitted that he had been anti-Semitic , but he claimed that God had opened his eyes and that he now loved Jews as much as he used to hate them .
Chancellor Gerhard Schröder had another fifteen months to go before the end of the electoral term , and it seemed that he had no difficulty mobilizing his admittedly slender majority in parliament .
It took Silvio Berlusconi quite a while to admit that he had lost .
Even Britain 's Secretary of State for Education admits that higher education would need 18 billion additional euros in the budget merely to return standards of education to where they were ten years ago in terms of staff-student ratios and the condition of buildings and equipment .
They must be free to admit students of their choice and to charge them what is needed .
Stockholm came one step closer to admitting Europe 's real population problem , when it spoke of `` the demographic challenge of an ageing population of which people of working age constitute an ever-smaller part . ''
But EU leaders have yet to admit what everybody knows : that Europe 's population is not just ageing , it is starting to decline , and is likely to decline steeply in coming decades .
Ten new members , from Central Europe and the Mediterranean , will be admitted in 2004 .
So he did what French Presidents usually do in such circumstances : rather than admit that French voters might be right , he sacked Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin as a scapegoat , replacing him with his protégé Dominique de Villepin , who has never held an elective office .
Rather than admit any such thing , Chirac hurried to meet German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder , so that they could jointly reaffirm their traditional alliance as the spiritual leaders of this European project , in the hope that the Constitutional Treaty might yet be rescued .
If the EU admits Greek Cyprus as a member an indirect Enosis with Greece will be the result .
A majority of public opinion polls taken in the last four years show that the views of Americans about Islam continue to be a casualty of the attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Washington Post\/ABC News polls from 2006 , for example , found that nearly half of Americans regard Islam `` unfavorably , '' while one in four admits to prejudicial feelings against Muslims .
This , however , may result in eviscerating the power of Dr. Ibrahim Rugova , finally confirmed as President earlier this month , while the extremist 's parties transformed from the Kosovo Liberation Army are admitted into government .
Here are judges , they will say , who do not understand that they have no legitimate qualifications to act as agents of American foreign policy , a job committed by the Constitution to the President and -LRB- they may grudgingly admit -RRB- Congress .
It must be admitted , of course , that our access to real-life terrorists is limited , and we still have much to learn about the kind of environments that foster terroristic behavior .
The CIO would consult agencies on their public relations -- but public relations would be redefined , as in the non-government world , to mean listening as well as talking , and to mean admitting faults as a way to correct them .
The compromise reached at Nice four years ago is important because it contains , among other provisions , all the technicalities of voting balances and power sharing among EU institutions that must be firmly in place before the Union can admit new members .
It was not until 1989 that the existence of this protocol was officially admitted , thanks to the Glasnost-policy of Mikhail Gorbachev .
In a public gesture of despair , Cherkesov admitted the failure of Putin 's project to reanimate Russian governance by subordinating it to the security services .
The cap-and-trade system thus imposes a carbon tax without having to admit that it is really a tax .
If he were to admit defeat , his presidency would be destroyed .
The process of enlargement will either be delayed or stopped completely , because the EU can no longer admit new members on the basis of the `` Nice constitution . ''
Paul Samuelson admits that he agreed to do a conference at Amherst with the sole aim of recruiting Phelps to MIT .
Civilized people are loath to admit that they are racist , sexist , or anti-Semitic .
This admittedly has not been an explicit process , but the pattern is undeniable .
His model , which he admitted was `` a simplification and an idealization , '' aimed to highlight the `` features of greatest importance '' in an embryo 's development .
The IRGC prisoners in Iraq were released , but Britain did not apologize or admit wrong-doing in return .
In the `` third culture '' best seller The Blank Slate : The Modern Denial of Human Nature , Steven Pinker says that we may need to admit a natural scientific basis for what humanists have for centuries called `` fate . ''
As European economies grew more dependent on Russian oil and gas , and the US military in Central Asia on Russian acquiescence , reversing the decision to admit Russia to the G8 became politically unthinkable .
It would aim to spread throughout the country the successful model developed in Zulia whereby students from poor backgrounds are admitted to local private universities as a result of schemes drawn up with the regional government .
At the beginning of June , the RCB 's governor , Sergei Ignatyev , admitted not only that this year 's inflation target would be missed , but also that the RCB is not prepared to pursue inflation targets at the expense of a competitive exchange rate .
Even the World Bank admits that aid to countries such as the Democratic Republic of Congo and Zambia has been a disaster .
The US , preoccupied with the supposed specter of a `` clash of civilizations '' between Islam and the West , saw the AKP 's modern , westernized face as an opportunity and urged the EU to admit Turkey .
This illiterate , armed , Wahhabi brand of ideology was imported -- as US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton admitted recently before House Appropriations Committee -- by the US from Saudi Arabia and other Middle Eastern countries in order to undermine the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan in the 1980 's .
Yet , as a citizen of a European postcommunist country , I must admit that when I listen to the mantra-like claims about our Western affiliation , the Western direction of our policies , and the obligation of Western organizations , such as NATO and the EU , to offer us speedy admission , I often feel somewhat uncomfortable . There is an implied tone underlying this rhetoric that I find disturbing .
This persecution will admittedly aggravate their difficult struggle , but they will naturally survive it .
The possibility that the Palestinians are capable of deliberate decisions , that they have adopted policies which may have contributed to the current situation , or that they have exercised their own forms of power and violence , is , in this framework , never admitted .
All NATO allies and EU members want the US to remain committed to Europe 's future , to take the lead elsewhere in meeting security needs on which all agree , and to admit Europe into its strategic confidence .
Most of those lessons were in fact known -- though not publicly admitted -- before the US escalated the war in Vietnam .
General Yasar Buyukanit , the top commander of the Turkish Armed Forces back then , recently admitted that he himself wrote the April 27 memorandum .
Although there had been several unofficial statements by Kim Jong-Il 's regime admitting that North Korea possessions nuclear arsenal , the announcement was the first official confirmation .
Of course , each side considered itself peaceful , and would not admit that it , too , had to be deterred .
But such measures are of no use when the military remains firmly in control , the rule of law is absent , and the government refuses to admit to the systematic sexual violence committed by its soldiers as they terrorize the population .
We freely admit to not knowing everything about how a helicopter flies or a printing press prints , but we are not nearly modest enough about our ignorance .
From the `` People Power '' revolution that toppled Ferdinand Marcos in the Philippines in 1986 to Boris Yeltsin 's defiance of the attempted coup against Mikhail Gorbachev of August 1991 , to the Rose , Orange , and Cedar Revolutions of recent years , dictators have been forced to admit defeat when enough people stand up to them .
After 70 years of denial , Russia 's leadership -LRB- if not yet ordinary Russians -RRB- were ready to admit that Joseph Stalin 's NKVD -LRB- precursor to the KGB -RRB- slaughtered more than 20,000 Polish officers , intellectuals , and clergy in the nearby Katyn forest in 1940 .
Anatoly Chubais , the father of Russian privatization in the 1990 's and the current head of the country 's nano-technology conglomerate RosNano , recently admitted that the prospects for political modernization in Russia are dim .
But European officials -- and not only the ECB &#45; &#45; seem very reluctant to admit that their economy is faltering , fearing that it will further weaken confidence and add to the slowdown pressures .
A disc jockey in his youth , he later worked in some international financial institutions , where he spied for the communists , something he openly admits .
Pressed to clarify , the Palestinians admitted that there is no written promise to this effect .
Securing popular legitimacy requires equal dexterity , which has played an important role in preventing North African leaders and family members from openly admitting their preparations for dynastic successions .
The social history of ancient India , as one scholar admits , `` appears to be a string of conjectures and speculations . ''
The Case for Opening Europe 's Borders It is time for Europe 's politicians to admit to voters that governments can not stop people moving across borders .
Spain has admitted more immigrants in recent years than any other European country , yet its unemployment rate continues to fall ; Britain , Ireland , and Sweden still have low unemployment after opening their labor markets to the Poles and other new EU members in 2004 .
At the very least , France and Germany are demanding that the Bush administration openly admit to its failure and the need for help .
Regardless of whether we agree with the economists , everybody must admit that we can not do everything at once .
A doctor admits that most patients are sent home without testing or treatment : the clinic has run out of medicine .
By not staging terrorist acts , the rebels admitted that they are not what they were in 1995 or 1997 .
The Kremlin refuses to publicly admit that today 's terrorism has its roots predominantly in the Chechen war , which is now metastasizing throughout the Northern Caucasus .
Others admit to having scant regard for religion , but say that Pakistan has come to mean so little to them that their religion supersedes their loyalty to the country .
Non-banking financial institutions such as foreign exchange bureaus , post offices , and micro-finance lenders are not admitted , even when they are financially sound and sustainable .
However sad and painful it is to admit , a fleet of slave ships docking on Africa 's shores today would be overrun by willing would-be deportees .
Many Thai military and police officials now privately admit that the insurgency can not be defeated through security measures .
The widespread prescription of drugs for troubled minds has always ended badly , right back to the days of opiates and cocaine , up through bromides , barbiturates , and tranquilizers : all proved to be highly addictive drugs , but only after years of denial did doctors admit that this was so .
The provincial can not admit his inferiority and refuses to learn from others .
One in five admitted to having raped a woman , while four out of five said that going to prostitutes was an addiction .
Only the other four founding members of what was the European Community -- Italy , Belgium , the Netherlands and Luxembourg -- were admitted into the innermost circle of Europe 's true believers .
The losers refused to admit that the achievement of freedom was Poland 's greatest success in 300 years .
In 2004 , Greece admitted that it had lied about the size of its deficit ever since 2000 -- precisely the years used to assess Greece 's application to join the euro zone .
Like Greece , Italy was admitted to the euro zone despite being light-years away from meeting all the criteria .
It was not readmitted until 1989 , after years of perestroika and the opening of direct access to Western psychiatric delegations by Soviet forensic psychiatric institutions .
Even Chinese liberals admit that Western journalists blundered badly in Tibet , using cropped images and false captions as evidence of China 's heavy-handed rule .
Even the Pentagon 's Defense Science Board admits this , reporting that America 's strategic communication `` lacks Presidential direction , effective interagency coordination , optimal private sector partnerships , and adequate resources . ''
Most Russian participants at the Davos dinner seemed to ignore these criticisms , but it was interesting to hear one important official admit that reform might progress faster if oil prices dropped somewhat , and another accept the point that criticism should be welcomed as long as it is offered in a friendly spirit .
The United Nations can play an important role in helping to legitimize and implement agreements among countries , but even its closest friends admit that its large size , rigid regional blocs , formal diplomatic procedures , and cumbersome bureaucracy often impede consensus As one sage put it , the problem for multilateral organizations is `` how to get everyone into the act and still get action . ''
The NNPC 's executives admit that proper monitoring of the company 's operating costs consistently eludes them and that what keeps Shell and the other western oil companies in business is not the theoretical margin , but the returns they build into their costs .
Chu emphasized this point in his Tsinghua University speech , calling the global climate situation `` very disturbing , '' and stressing that we were `` all in it together . '' `` The developed world did make the problem ... I admit that , '' he acknowledged to his rapt audience .
Throughout his campaign , Toledo insisted that he would do so , but he admitted his paternity only two years later , after the girl 's mother turned to the Supreme Court for help .
However , it fails to engage the deep intellectual divisions regarding economic development , trade , and globalization , because it refuses to admit the legitimacy of such disagreements .
The great challenge is not to admit that there are many recipes , but rather to create space for other perspectives on economic analysis and policy .
While the central government admits to some of the environmental degradation caused by rapid economic growth , the picture it paints is incomplete .
An Italian cardinal , who admittedly spoke intemperately , was accused of using the language of Holocaust denial .
Much as some may hate to admit it , anti-Americanism is a sentiment that has been fed and nurtured during the Bush years .
NEW HAVEN -- I admit that it is an unusual way to see the world , but , when reading the newspaper , I am constantly struck by the extent of human kindness .
Musharraf admitted on television this year , `` Yes , my popularity has been reduced . ''
Many people in the candidate countries have long been convinced that their countries wo n't be admitted to the EU as equals .
They were admitted to the EU only fifteen years after the fall of communism , and not all of them had previous experience with democracy .
Unlike EU members admitted during earlier rounds of enlargement , the Central Europeans suffer from widespread corruption , political nepotism , fragile political parties with unclear identities , and weak civil societies .
It would certainly help if Iran began the talks with a commitment to end its enrichment of uranium to the level of 20 % . Even Iranian officials admit that there is no -LRB- civilian -RRB- purpose for such a program if the 20 % enriched fuel rods for the TRR are actually produced in Russia .
But the EU has so far failed to prepare the Western Balkans for accession , in line with its leaders ' promise at their Thessaloniki summit in 2003 to admit the Western Balkan states when they meet the Union 's standards .
The benchmark for this study is admittedly far from ideal .
Thaksin initially dismissed the violent attacks as the work of bandits . Only late last year did he admit that southern Muslim separatism was the cause .
For them , doing so would be tantamount to admitting that most people in this hospitable , well-endowed kingdom had been kept poor by design all along .
The question of remorse has not arisen , because Megrahi has never admitted guilt , and did not drop an appeal against his conviction until just before his release .
If the Fed were to accept the responsibilities of its de facto role as the world 's central banker , it would have to admit that its policy rates are not conducive to stable world growth .
Obama muddled his message further by admitting that he did not expect to see abolition in his lifetime .
We have to reflect and introduce changes into our discourse and our actions . '' And he admitted to Venezuelan television that a `` lack of efficiency in everyday routine ... has endangered the government 's policies many times . ''
In 1859 , Tyndall described the greenhouse effect in beautifully concise words : `` The atmosphere admits of the entrance of solar heat , but checks its exit ; and the result is a tendency to accumulate heat at the surface of the planet . ''
One fund manager admitted that he pays less tax than his cleaning lady .
That was what activists like Kouchner called for , whether or not they admitted it even to themselves , in Rwanda and Kosovo .
It is admitting , in an underhanded manner , that its repeated assertions about the benefits of globalization do not carry direct implications for how trade policy should be conducted in developing countries .
I admit that the IMF has its faults , and I do n't aim to gloss over them .
I am the first to admit that the US under President George W. Bush has not covered itself with multilateral glory in recent years . But accuse America of sabotaging the trade talks ?
Their admittedly crude analysis shows why , if volatility continues to fall in 2007 , prices of stocks and other assets can still go a lot higher .
Thus , European finance ministers , too , will not be keen to admit any need for major policy changes to deal with risks from financial globalization .
But even if the Fed does not admit it in its forecasts , the price of this `` insurance policy '' will almost certainly be higher inflation down the road , and perhaps for several years .
Prior to the 1950 's , output drops of 15-20 % in a single year were routine -LRB- admittedly , national income accounting was more primitive . -RRB-
Even critics of past US profligacy must admit that the Geithner proposal contains some good ideas .
It is a huge embarrassment for US President Barack Obama that he proposed -- admittedly under pressure from the Republican opposition -- to expand offshore oil drilling greatly just before the BP catastrophe struck .
As any recovering alcoholic could tell them , the first step is admitting , with Merkel , that Europe has a problem .
Several years ago , I heard another leading public figure in Europe explain in a public lecture that Europe is a Christian society and therefore can never admit an Islamic member .
Two-thirds of Iran 's 69 million people are under 30 years old , and officials admit they have no way of accommodating the burgeoning labor force .
With the crisis of the 1990 's brought on by the collapse of our Soviet patron , many Cubans returned to what Che said about economics , and admit the value of what is achieved with effort .
After doing little to pressure Sudanese strongman Omar al-Bashir into admitting UN peacekeepers to stem the killing in Darfur , China suddenly found the promise of an unsullied Olympics at risk .
Only under the most biting international criticism and censure did China grudgingly admit that there were 340 cases in Beijing , with over 400 more suspected cases .
In 1973 , as Sino-US relations were thawing , Mao admitted to Henry Kissinger that , though he did not believe reunification would come peacefully , `` We can do without Taiwan for the time being , and let it come after 100 years ...
Tufano is the first to admit that some of the best ideas for financial innovation are very old , even hundreds of years old .
Economists who adhere to rational-expectations models of the world will never admit it , but a lot of what happens in markets is driven by pure stupidity -- or , rather , inattention , misinformation about fundamentals , and an exaggerated focus on currently circulating stories .
But , of the more than 600 CEOs who signed by the deadline , not a single one admitted major error .
In Britain , Lord John Browne , the chief executive who transformed BP from a second-tier European oil company into a global giant , resigned after admitting he had lied in court about the circumstances in which he had met a gay companion -LRB- apparently , he met him through a male escort agency -RRB- .
So many leading cyclists have tested positive for drugs , or have admitted , from the safety of retirement , that they used them , that one can plausibly doubt that it is possible to be competitive in this event otherwise .
That is precisely what Watson has now admitted he did .
If , however , we insist on believing in divine creation , we are forced to admit that the god who made the world can not be all-powerful and all good .
At the time of this writing , he still defends the validity of his work , while admitting `` human errors '' in the preservation of the stem-cell lines , including contamination by a fungus .
In such circumstances , the admittedly very real risks of synthetic biology seem decisively outweighed by the hope that it may enable us to avert a looming environmental catastrophe .
Twenty years later , he admitted in a BBC interview that he had intentionally acted as if it were a goal , in order to deceive the referee .
But the world as a whole -- and every fair-minded German fan too -- would have had to admit that he had done the right thing .
Greece cheated by manipulating its statistics : while the reported deficits were below the limit , the country had to admit that the true deficit from 2000 to 2004 was 4.3 % on average and never below 3.7 % .
Some economists -- admittedly a diminishing number -- deny that there can ever be an output gap .
Several conclusions can be drawn from what admittedly are back of the envelope calculations .
Rather than defend that theory , Cochrane admits that `` asset prices move more than reasonable expectations of future cash flows . '' Unfortunately , `` no theory is particularly good at that right now . ''
They typically admit that free trade costs jobs , but claim that re-training programs will fit workers into new , `` higher value '' jobs .
In her report to the annual session of the People 's Consultative Assembly , delivered on November 1 , Megawati admitted that her government had achieved little .
The International Energy Agency admits only OECD countries , which excludes China , the largest energy consumer .
In order to guarantee national security , the Strategy is categorical -- without giving in to the temptation of isolationism -- in admitting the strategic value of the example and the importance of doing one 's homework first .
The truth that politicians -LRB- David Cameron 's UK government excluded , at least for now -RRB- are reluctant to admit is that Western Europe 's current morass is distinct from the global US-made downturn . Old Europe has entered into a severe and intractable crisis of the welfare state as ordinary Europeans have come to know it .
Will the second Edo be able to resist Chinese ambitions ? `` The New Edo era needs a strong Japanese army , '' admits Inose .
Indeed , even now , when it is widely admitted that the invasion of Iraq was a blunder , the â ¤ oewar on terror '' remains the frame into which American policy has to fit .
It is painful to admit that our predicaments are brought about by our own misconceptions .
But not admitting it is bound to prove even more painful in the long run .
There is also trouble brewing in some of the newly admitted member countries , such as Hungary and Poland , where the EU could play a more proactive role in promoting democratic stability .
Issing admits that he was among those who believed that `` starting monetary union without having established a political union was putting the cart before the horse . ''
First , they were competitive . The official registration of ten parties , including opposition groups , surpassed any previous election , and the OSCE admitted that voters had `` a real choice . ''
A look at the eight postcommunist countries just admitted to the European Union is instructive .
Defenders of markets sometimes admit that they do fail , even disastrously , but they claim that markets are `` self-correcting . ''
America exported its deregulatory free market philosophy , which even its high priest , Alan Greenspan , now admits was a mistake .
- Governments do not like to admit the full costs of the problem , so they give the banking system just enough to survive , but not enough to return it to health .
But if Europe can not do so , then perhaps it is better to admit failure and move on than to extract a high price in unemployment and human suffering in the name of a flawed economic model .
Banks never wanted to admit to their bad loans , and now they do n't want to recognize the losses , at least not until they can adequately recapitalize themselves through their trading profits and the large spread between their high lending rates and rock-bottom borrowing costs .
The Bush Administration should admit this , and redesign a tax program to strengthen the economy by making the country live within its means .
The Bush administration 's -LRB- admittedly wavering -RRB- commitment to fiscal prudence means that much , perhaps most , of the war costs will be offset by expenditure cuts elsewhere .
Stabilizing the Horn STRASBOURG -- After almost two decades as a failed state torn by civil war , perhaps the world should begin to admit that Somalia -- as it is currently constructed -- is beyond repair .
On this , admittedly subjective , measure , Somaliland qualifies as a nation .
Contemplating such options , the world may be forced to admit its impotence .
-LRB- To the dismay of Indian liberals , a judge has admitted a petition against the filmmakers , but it is difficult to believe the case will go far . -RRB-
The UN admits that progress has been uneven , and that many of the MDGs are likely to be missed in most regions .
The originality of Gandhi 's thought and the example of his life still inspire people around the world today -- as Liu Xiaobo would readily admit .
On May 1 , the EU formally admits ten new members , eight from central Europe .
In mid-September , the UN Office on Drugs and Crime admitted that Burma and China were the world 's top producers of ATS .
So it may well be wiser to induce Iraq to readmit the UN weapons inspectors and make sure they can do their job .
Questions about the change in practice have reached US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton -- who admitted that she herself would resist a sexual pat-down -- and President Barack Obama .
Alan Greenspan 's recent speech to a conference of bankers in Berlin -- admitting the desirability of `` insurance '' against the risk of deflation in the US , even if it has not yet appeared -- focused attention on a crucial issue .
New Europe 's Old Problems The riots in Budapest , incited by leaked tapes that show Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany openly admitting that his government had lied for over a year about the country 's dire finances , are but the latest evidence that things are going seriously wrong across Eastern Europe .
Indeed , only Slovenia has been admitted to join the euro area in 2007 , the earliest possible date .
Up to now , GCC leaders have spurned Yemen 's membership for the same reasons that the European Union fears admitting Turkey : Yemen would instantly become the bloc 's most populous country .
Assad knows that the election of a president who bolsters Lebanon 's sovereignty and independence would make Syria 's return difficult -- and Assad , as even his allies privately admit , wants nothing less .
Personal assistance is `` time consuming , '' she admits , but it is individuals who `` make the difference . ''
