From the standpoint of current member states , would admitting Hungary , Latvia , Poland , or Slovakia , sooner rather than later , drag down the euro as many fear ?
For example , the percentage of respondents admitting to paying bribes in 2006 was 5 % in Poland and 17 % in the Czech Republic and Greece .
Netanyahu 's intention was essentially to force the Palestinians into admitting that the right of return of refugees applies only to the Palestinian state , not Israel .
Egypt had to grant Israel only political recognition , but the Palestinians are being asked to recognize Israel 's moral legitimacy by accepting Jewish links to the Holy Land and hence admitting the Jews ' millenarian claim for a state in a land that the Palestinians believe is historically theirs .
The Green Paper also suggests that , when admitting migrants , member countries `` require proof that no one already part of the domestic labor market can fill the vacancy concerned . ''
Mexico abstained on partition , though it voted in favor of admitting Israel to the UN a few months later , and subsequently recognized the Jewish state , acknowledging that its national interest was best served by not taking sides in the Middle East imbroglio .
Moreover , admitting Turkey would demonstrate the EU 's political consistency , while representing a qualitative step forward in the European project .
Stockholm came one step closer to admitting Europe 's real population problem , when it spoke of `` the demographic challenge of an ageing population of which people of working age constitute an ever-smaller part . ''
The CIO would consult agencies on their public relations -- but public relations would be redefined , as in the non-government world , to mean listening as well as talking , and to mean admitting faults as a way to correct them .
Although there had been several unofficial statements by Kim Jong-Il 's regime admitting that North Korea possessions nuclear arsenal , the announcement was the first official confirmation .
Securing popular legitimacy requires equal dexterity , which has played an important role in preventing North African leaders and family members from openly admitting their preparations for dynastic successions .
For them , doing so would be tantamount to admitting that most people in this hospitable , well-endowed kingdom had been kept poor by design all along .
Obama muddled his message further by admitting that he did not expect to see abolition in his lifetime .
It is admitting , in an underhanded manner , that its repeated assertions about the benefits of globalization do not carry direct implications for how trade policy should be conducted in developing countries .
As any recovering alcoholic could tell them , the first step is admitting , with Merkel , that Europe has a problem .
After doing little to pressure Sudanese strongman Omar al-Bashir into admitting UN peacekeepers to stem the killing in Darfur , China suddenly found the promise of an unsullied Olympics at risk .
In Britain , Lord John Browne , the chief executive who transformed BP from a second-tier European oil company into a global giant , resigned after admitting he had lied in court about the circumstances in which he had met a gay companion -LRB- apparently , he met him through a male escort agency -RRB- .
At the time of this writing , he still defends the validity of his work , while admitting `` human errors '' in the preservation of the stem-cell lines , including contamination by a fungus .
In order to guarantee national security , the Strategy is categorical -- without giving in to the temptation of isolationism -- in admitting the strategic value of the example and the importance of doing one 's homework first .
But not admitting it is bound to prove even more painful in the long run .
Alan Greenspan 's recent speech to a conference of bankers in Berlin -- admitting the desirability of `` insurance '' against the risk of deflation in the US , even if it has not yet appeared -- focused attention on a crucial issue .
New Europe 's Old Problems The riots in Budapest , incited by leaked tapes that show Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany openly admitting that his government had lied for over a year about the country 's dire finances , are but the latest evidence that things are going seriously wrong across Eastern Europe .
Up to now , GCC leaders have spurned Yemen 's membership for the same reasons that the European Union fears admitting Turkey : Yemen would instantly become the bloc 's most populous country .
