The Czech government admitted that some of the special schools ' student bodies comprised 80 % to 90 % Roma children .
Garang fought for a united , secular , and democratic Sudan , a lofty dream that the Islamist regime in Khartoum admittedly has had no intention of implementing .
Obama has just admitted that in the Israeli-Palestinian peace process , a president can also be one .
`` This is as intractable a problem as you get , '' he admitted after a wasted year of more error than trial .
As he admitted in a recent interview with the Palestinian newspaper Al Quds , if pressured to concede on sacred Palestinian principles such as refugees , Jerusalem , and borders , he `` would pack his suitcase and go away . ''
Three times in their history -- in 1937,1947 , and 2000 -- the Palestinians were offered a state , and three times their leaders failed to meet the challenge -- admittedly never an easy one for a nation built on such an unwavering ethos of dispossession .
Similarly , the Paper proposes that the self-employed should be admitted after an evaluation of their business plans .
Mike McConnell , America 's Director of National Intelligence , recently admitted to a US Senate panel that al-Qaeda is gaining strength and steadily improving its ability to recruit , train , and even attack the US .
In May , he admitted during a live television broadcast that he suffers from a kidney ailment , but sought to quell rumors that he was terminally ill by insisting that fears for his health are greatly exaggerated and politically motivated .
The past three US presidents , furthermore , have all admitted to consuming -- to one extent or another -- illegal psychoactive substances , while seven million Americans , according to the United Nations , are regular cocaine users .
Indeed , he admitted as much in his speech at the launch of his political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
The Algerian military coup in 1992 crushed the Islamists , many of whom , admittedly , were neither liberal , nor necessarily committed to democracy .
But the problem is that the OAS will be holding its annual assembly in June this year in Peru , and several countries - -- Canada , Costa Rica , the US , Colombia , Panama , Peru itself , and probably Chile -- will push to have Honduras re-admitted .
But , as CIA director Leon Panetta admitted , `` We have seen no evidence that -LRB- the Taliban -RRB- are truly interested in reconciliation . ''
Just as some Chinese pharmaceutical firms exported to Africa spurious medicines with `` Made in India '' labels -- a fact admitted by the Chinese government -- some Chinese hackers are known to have routed their cyber intrusion through computers in Russia , Iran , Cuba , and other countries .
This diplomatic strike occurred at roughly the same time that Taiwan was failing - for the thirteenth time - in its bid to re-enter the United Nations , having been expelled when China was admitted in 1971 .
He admitted that he had been anti-Semitic , but he claimed that God had opened his eyes and that he now loved Jews as much as he used to hate them .
Chancellor Gerhard Schröder had another fifteen months to go before the end of the electoral term , and it seemed that he had no difficulty mobilizing his admittedly slender majority in parliament .
Ten new members , from Central Europe and the Mediterranean , will be admitted in 2004 .
This , however , may result in eviscerating the power of Dr. Ibrahim Rugova , finally confirmed as President earlier this month , while the extremist 's parties transformed from the Kosovo Liberation Army are admitted into government .
It must be admitted , of course , that our access to real-life terrorists is limited , and we still have much to learn about the kind of environments that foster terroristic behavior .
It was not until 1989 that the existence of this protocol was officially admitted , thanks to the Glasnost-policy of Mikhail Gorbachev .
In a public gesture of despair , Cherkesov admitted the failure of Putin 's project to reanimate Russian governance by subordinating it to the security services .
This admittedly has not been an explicit process , but the pattern is undeniable .
His model , which he admitted was `` a simplification and an idealization , '' aimed to highlight the `` features of greatest importance '' in an embryo 's development .
It would aim to spread throughout the country the successful model developed in Zulia whereby students from poor backgrounds are admitted to local private universities as a result of schemes drawn up with the regional government .
At the beginning of June , the RCB 's governor , Sergei Ignatyev , admitted not only that this year 's inflation target would be missed , but also that the RCB is not prepared to pursue inflation targets at the expense of a competitive exchange rate .
This illiterate , armed , Wahhabi brand of ideology was imported -- as US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton admitted recently before House Appropriations Committee -- by the US from Saudi Arabia and other Middle Eastern countries in order to undermine the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan in the 1980 's .
This persecution will admittedly aggravate their difficult struggle , but they will naturally survive it .
The possibility that the Palestinians are capable of deliberate decisions , that they have adopted policies which may have contributed to the current situation , or that they have exercised their own forms of power and violence , is , in this framework , never admitted .
Most of those lessons were in fact known -- though not publicly admitted -- before the US escalated the war in Vietnam .
General Yasar Buyukanit , the top commander of the Turkish Armed Forces back then , recently admitted that he himself wrote the April 27 memorandum .
Anatoly Chubais , the father of Russian privatization in the 1990 's and the current head of the country 's nano-technology conglomerate RosNano , recently admitted that the prospects for political modernization in Russia are dim .
Pressed to clarify , the Palestinians admitted that there is no written promise to this effect .
Spain has admitted more immigrants in recent years than any other European country , yet its unemployment rate continues to fall ; Britain , Ireland , and Sweden still have low unemployment after opening their labor markets to the Poles and other new EU members in 2004 .
By not staging terrorist acts , the rebels admitted that they are not what they were in 1995 or 1997 .
Non-banking financial institutions such as foreign exchange bureaus , post offices , and micro-finance lenders are not admitted , even when they are financially sound and sustainable .
One in five admitted to having raped a woman , while four out of five said that going to prostitutes was an addiction .
Only the other four founding members of what was the European Community -- Italy , Belgium , the Netherlands and Luxembourg -- were admitted into the innermost circle of Europe 's true believers .
In 2004 , Greece admitted that it had lied about the size of its deficit ever since 2000 -- precisely the years used to assess Greece 's application to join the euro zone .
Like Greece , Italy was admitted to the euro zone despite being light-years away from meeting all the criteria .
It was not readmitted until 1989 , after years of perestroika and the opening of direct access to Western psychiatric delegations by Soviet forensic psychiatric institutions .
Throughout his campaign , Toledo insisted that he would do so , but he admitted his paternity only two years later , after the girl 's mother turned to the Supreme Court for help .
An Italian cardinal , who admittedly spoke intemperately , was accused of using the language of Holocaust denial .
Musharraf admitted on television this year , `` Yes , my popularity has been reduced . ''
Many people in the candidate countries have long been convinced that their countries wo n't be admitted to the EU as equals .
They were admitted to the EU only fifteen years after the fall of communism , and not all of them had previous experience with democracy .
Unlike EU members admitted during earlier rounds of enlargement , the Central Europeans suffer from widespread corruption , political nepotism , fragile political parties with unclear identities , and weak civil societies .
The benchmark for this study is admittedly far from ideal .
The question of remorse has not arisen , because Megrahi has never admitted guilt , and did not drop an appeal against his conviction until just before his release .
We have to reflect and introduce changes into our discourse and our actions . '' And he admitted to Venezuelan television that a `` lack of efficiency in everyday routine ... has endangered the government 's policies many times . ''
One fund manager admitted that he pays less tax than his cleaning lady .
That was what activists like Kouchner called for , whether or not they admitted it even to themselves , in Rwanda and Kosovo .
Their admittedly crude analysis shows why , if volatility continues to fall in 2007 , prices of stocks and other assets can still go a lot higher .
Prior to the 1950 's , output drops of 15-20 % in a single year were routine -LRB- admittedly , national income accounting was more primitive . -RRB-
It is a huge embarrassment for US President Barack Obama that he proposed -- admittedly under pressure from the Republican opposition -- to expand offshore oil drilling greatly just before the BP catastrophe struck .
In 1973 , as Sino-US relations were thawing , Mao admitted to Henry Kissinger that , though he did not believe reunification would come peacefully , `` We can do without Taiwan for the time being , and let it come after 100 years ...
But , of the more than 600 CEOs who signed by the deadline , not a single one admitted major error .
So many leading cyclists have tested positive for drugs , or have admitted , from the safety of retirement , that they used them , that one can plausibly doubt that it is possible to be competitive in this event otherwise .
That is precisely what Watson has now admitted he did .
In such circumstances , the admittedly very real risks of synthetic biology seem decisively outweighed by the hope that it may enable us to avert a looming environmental catastrophe .
Twenty years later , he admitted in a BBC interview that he had intentionally acted as if it were a goal , in order to deceive the referee .
Some economists -- admittedly a diminishing number -- deny that there can ever be an output gap .
Several conclusions can be drawn from what admittedly are back of the envelope calculations .
In her report to the annual session of the People 's Consultative Assembly , delivered on November 1 , Megawati admitted that her government had achieved little .
Indeed , even now , when it is widely admitted that the invasion of Iraq was a blunder , the â ¤ oewar on terror '' remains the frame into which American policy has to fit .
There is also trouble brewing in some of the newly admitted member countries , such as Hungary and Poland , where the EU could play a more proactive role in promoting democratic stability .
First , they were competitive . The official registration of ten parties , including opposition groups , surpassed any previous election , and the OSCE admitted that voters had `` a real choice . ''
A look at the eight postcommunist countries just admitted to the European Union is instructive .
The Bush administration 's -LRB- admittedly wavering -RRB- commitment to fiscal prudence means that much , perhaps most , of the war costs will be offset by expenditure cuts elsewhere .
On this , admittedly subjective , measure , Somaliland qualifies as a nation .
-LRB- To the dismay of Indian liberals , a judge has admitted a petition against the filmmakers , but it is difficult to believe the case will go far . -RRB-
In mid-September , the UN Office on Drugs and Crime admitted that Burma and China were the world 's top producers of ATS .
Questions about the change in practice have reached US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton -- who admitted that she herself would resist a sexual pat-down -- and President Barack Obama .
Indeed , only Slovenia has been admitted to join the euro area in 2007 , the earliest possible date .
