The alliance between Syria and Iran dates back more than two decades , and was explicitly reaffirmed by the two ruling regimes as recently as January 2005 .
In order to allay misgivings and restore trust in the alliance , it is necessary for the US and South Korea to reaffirm their common interests and values in pursuing deterrence , nonproliferation , stability , and democracy on the Korean peninsula and across Asia .
In late January , the Obama administration issued its first unequivocal reaffirmation of the strategy of democratic enlargement that has guided Western thinking since the collapse of the Iron Curtain two decades ago .
Or will it follow Judge Barreto , who calls for recognition of an obligation to adopt affirmative action policies aimed at benefiting Romanies ?
Indeed , in the context of his age , Friedman was a true intellectual revolutionary , combining rigorous academic research and gracefully written popular books and journalism to argue for free-market policies -- and to affirm the link , defended by writers from Adam Smith to Friedrich von Hayek , between economic freedom and political liberty .
We want to reaffirm our commitment to a life without war and injustice , and to the freedom that we hold so dear .
Laws enacted to single out and `` persecute '' Muslims , and statements that affirm the Islamophobia of our media , buttress the absurd notion that what we are really witnessing is a `` war on Islam . ''
By abandoning ambiguity and taking its own bomb out of the `` basement , '' Israel might be able to affirm its capacity for nuclear deterrence more convincingly , and , more importantly , enhance a serious debate about the urgency of a nuclear-free zone in the Middle East .
Bush also came as close as he could to endorsing former President Bill Clinton 's peace plan by affirming that `` the borders of the past , the realities of the present , and agreed changes '' will define his two-state solution .
Even if an individual decides to affirm a very conservative version of a tradition , this decision may , at least in principle , be revoked at some future time .
It emphatically reaffirmed the principle of non-interference in states ' internal affairs and this principle 's primacy over the rights of individuals enshrined in Article 1 of the Charter .
However , the aim of his trial should be not only to bring to justice the dictator and his accomplices , but also to foster national reconciliation through the affirmation by Iraqis of universal principles such as non-discrimination , fairness , and transparency .
In an era of growing concern about religious fundamentalism , liberal democratic institutions must reaffirm their role in protecting individual rights for all .
Four days later , Mexico highest electoral court ruled that Fox had improperly interfered in the election but unanimously reaffirmed Calderon 's victory .
On Wednesday , Abbas reaffirmed that the UN bid would proceed `` even if negotiations resume . ''
Drafted with reference to UN Resolution 181 -LRB- which partitioned Palestine in 1947 -RRB- , such a motion would reaffirm the establishment of a Palestinian state and a state for the Jewish people , based on the 1967 borders , with mutually agreed border adjustments and security arrangements .
The best way to remember them is to reaffirm their right to liberties that millions of people , in the West , and in many parts of Asia , take for granted .
President Ronald Reagan condemned this policy , and reaffirmed that Resolution 242 remained `` the foundation stone of America 's Middle East peace effort . ''
Doing so would re-affirm American freedom and tolerance , and make the US a stronger and more respected actor abroad .
Having `` absolved '' Serbia from the principal crime , the ICJ offered a sort of `` consolation prize '' to Bosnia , affirming that the killings in Srebrenica had the character of genocide -- a conclusion already reached by the ICTY .
Second , it would seem highly risky to conclude that one speech by Chávez is tantamount to a fundamental affirmation of principle .
Reaffirming Europe
Reaffirming Europe ROME\/STOCKHOLM -- The ongoing global economic crisis is shaking beliefs and approaches that have long been enshrined in European policies .
The very nature of our European model -- a model that is open internally , externally , and globally -- must be reaffirmed .
But the European economic recovery plan that was recently reaffirmed by the European Council of Ministers is mainly focused on national measures to support domestic demand .
Indeed , we need to send a strong signal to our neighbors in the Western Balkans that their European perspective is still alive , as reaffirmed by the European Heads of State in 2008 .
India 's Illiterate Revolution The United States has long been divided over what it calls `` affirmative action , '' a system of racial preferences intended to overcome the lingering consequences of slavery and discrimination against black Americans .
But India 's good intentions , like America 's affirmative action policies , are misguided .
Are those who agitate for affirmative action fighting for something that is more a quack remedy than a real solution ?
Sri Lanka is the only country , along with Malaysia , with affirmative action for the majority ethnic community .
Turkey , after much huffing and puffing , has had its status as an officially recognized candidate for membership reaffirmed , even if mighty doubts remain as to when it will actually join .
Naturally , Chirac immediately reaffirmed his faith in the French economic model .
Rather than admit any such thing , Chirac hurried to meet German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder , so that they could jointly reaffirm their traditional alliance as the spiritual leaders of this European project , in the hope that the Constitutional Treaty might yet be rescued .
Our country 's credit rating was affirmed .
It is essential to reaffirm the normative essence of the Constitutional Treaty to protect the greatest achievement of the Constitutional Convention .
The response to terrorism should be to reaffirm the value of the rule of law over arbitrary repression , and of the diversity that is the hallmark of Europe 's cities , particularly London and Paris , but increasingly many others across the Union .
But the Supreme Court 's rulings affirm the fundamental principle that even grave dangers do not warrant the sort of blanket deference to which the Bush Administration believes it is entitled whenever it utters the words `` war '' and `` terrorism . ''
Then on 12 November , the world 's Nobel Peace Laureates will hold a summit in Hiroshima to stress the priority of nuclear disarmament and affirm their commitment to promoting it .
By looking at monuments , we feel how a nation-state affirms its continuity .
Even as the NATO-led intervention in Libya was being widely criticized for overreaching its narrow mandate , a major General Assembly debate in July 2011 reaffirmed overwhelming support among UN member states for the RtoP concept , in all of its dimensions .
How do we explain the passion aroused by the campaign and by Sarkozy himself including the massive affirmation he received in the parliamentary election ?
And no one should forget that , despite his campaign rhetoric and his apparent unpopularity with many immigrants , Sarkozy himself is an immigrant 's son who favors bold affirmative action policies .
I know of no case in the international version of shooting escaping looters where a court has affirmed that the use of force was necessary but not proportionate .
Yet in other cases of collective action , we willingly affirm collective guilt and a shared duty to make reparations .
The new government would reaffirm the fundamental right to private property , and would set about issuing legal title to ownership in the form of deeds to rural and urban dwellers .
So the EU should not be afraid to affirm both medieval Christianity 's community of faith and the modern era 's community of reason .
Instead , there is defiance and self-affirmation : `` They will not do that to me ... ''
Not surprisingly , after the attacks Western leaders reaffirmed the urgency of bringing Turkey into the European fold .
As long as the word `` East '' evokes a pejorative connotation , and the word `` West '' an affirmative one , it will be immensely difficult to build a new world order based on equality among the various regions .
Americans read this as affirmation of their belief that all intervention was useless .
Of course they were told that there was no intention of abandoning Britain 's link to gold , and that the strong pound represented a deep and long commitment -LRB- in the same way that US Treasury Secretary John Snow today affirms the idea of a `` strong dollar '' -RRB- .
Are we preparing for a war against each other ? '' Biden , while reaffirming that the US does not view China as an enemy , implied that Fu 's worries are not fanciful , saying that the worst scenario is a misunderstanding that leads to an unintended conflict .
Founded on the notion of separateness , Pakistan has continuously had to affirm its Islamic identity , as well as its opposition to India .
The politically correct policy of affirming each nation 's right to self-determination , including the establishment of an independent state , leads to the emergence of more incompetent regimes .
Reaffirming the CD 's agenda offers the prospect of renewed negotiations on disarmament issues .
Clinton 's visit was important not only for its reaffirmation of America 's bedrock commitment to security in Asia and the eastern Pacific , but also because it exposed to all of Asia a fundamental contradiction at the heart of Chinese foreign policy .
Even if the question of `` whether '' the Baltics should be part of NATO is answered in the affirmative , there remains the question as to `` when '' this should happen .
If they are right , there is no difference between the intellectual discipline of history , founded by the Greeks 2400 years ago to record the past truthfully , and the myths that every culture tells to affirm its self-worth .
Wherever the answers are affirmative , an integrated package of organisational changes should be considered .
And in St. Petersberg in July 2006 , the G-8 leaders reaffirmed their commitment to the ambitious goals they had set the year before , although they did not go further .
And many policymakers around the world have reaffirmed their commitment to completing a successful Doha trade round and refraining from raising new barriers to trade and investment .
Instead , it would reaffirm them more than any previous ethical solution has ever done .
Closing the prison at Guantánamo and reaffirming America 's commitment to international law and human rights will also be an important step in this direction .
To complete the process of democratic transformation , Ukraine needs a declaration by Europe affirming Ukraine 's European and Euro-Atlantic prospects .
In both countries , civil society reacted to the events in a remarkable manner , with a sense of unity , dignity , and reaffirmed national cohesiveness .
The European Socialists will also have to define a more ambitious budget strategy , with higher spending for research , education , and other social investments , develop an industrial policy that transcends the simplistic logic of competitiveness , affirm a legal framework for European public services , and support greater EU-wide social and fiscal homogeneity .
Elites -- and protesters ' fellow citizens -- should respond conscientiously and creatively to moral indignation , comprehending that it is ultimately about an affirmation of liberal democracy , and not about all-out revolution , let alone nihilism .
An international conference on Afghanistan should be called by the US and held under UN auspices . It must affirm not only Afghanistan 's territorial integrity , but insure that donor commitments meet the scale of the job and that these promises are kept .
Without a formal education , Diana self-consciously set about pushing open the doors of an encrusted monarchy , challenging the sanctities of a long-established class structure , and affirming the value and immediacy of a Britain that was more diverse and socially mobile than ever before .
By reaffirming the US-Japan security relationship in the Clinton-Hashimoto declaration of 1996 , the US helped structure a favorable regional balance .
On one hand , the US supported China 's membership in the World Trade Organization and accepted Chinese goods and visitors . On the other hand , the Clinton-Hashimoto Declaration of April 1996 affirmed that the US-Japan security treaty , rather than being a Cold War relic , would provide the basis for a stable and prosperous East Asia .
National courts may consider the effects of European integration on their constitutional and democratic institutions , affirming or rejecting the integration that has already taken place , or setting limits to supranational arrangements that might further impinge on national sovereignty .
Our proposal would reaffirm the G-20 's continued leadership in ensuring greater stability and sustained growth in the world economy .
It is widely believed , even among the most Euro-skeptical of observers , that joining the eurozone will affirm these countries ' successful transformation into modern market economies .
A DIT framework would affirm the commitment to disinflation and price stability as the euro candidates struggle with pro-inflationary factors .
As a potential model to be followed , Europe should look at the so-called `` affirmative action '' policies that America enacted to provide opportunities to blacks .
But , in the early 1970 's , President Richard M. Nixon expanded the scope of affirmative action .
The rational for affirmative action in those early years was the fact that , after a long history of systemic injustice , merely outlawing discrimination based on race or gender would not ensure equal opportunity for all .
Indeed , leading American companies , like General Motors , General Electric , and Walmart , have created affirmative action programs for hiring and selecting suppliers at their own initiative .
In reaching its decision , the Supreme Court took into account a legal brief submitted by 60 major American businesses , led by General Motors , asking that affirmative action be upheld .
Retired military officers and commanders told the court that affirmative action was essential to maintaining an integrated officer corps .
What America 's affirmative action programs may not do is set quotas for minorities , as this prevents competition between different groups .
France does have affirmative action programs , but they address poverty , not ethnicity .
If European politicians are serious about preventing a schism between population groups , affirmative action is essential -- not only at the workplace , but also for small business loans , home loans , public procurement , and school admissions .
Tony Blair , who in July was faced with the shortcomings of integration in the UK , should take advantage of the country 's current presidency of the European Union to make affirmative action programs the top priority at next month 's summit of European government leaders in Brussels .
Professors do not deserve the title unless they are willing to take the time and make the effort to openly affirm something beyond their data .
To be a professor , it seems to me , one must first have something of importance to oneself that needs affirming , and then one must affirm it .
A sweeping defense review that Japan recently carried out reaffirms that it will continue to oppose its immediate neighbors ' possession of nuclear arms .
First , it affirms that surveillance should focus on what matters for stability , and gives detailed guidance in this area .
Emerging-market economies have not yet shown the kind of global leadership that suggests an affirmative answer to this question .
A tow truck driver said that the beheading `` just affirms what I thought before .
In affirming the rights to which people affected by leprosy and their family members are entitled , the Principles and Guidelines reveal the extent of discrimination and the forms that it has taken .
The Allies affirmed unambiguously that a stable Iraq is in their common interest and that NATO is part of achieving this .
Most importantly , the summit reaffirmed the role of the transatlantic community of democratic nations and shared values as the most powerful force for shaping our future .
Today , NATO leaders will reaffirm their commitment to the courageous people of this country : we will help them for as long as it takes .
First , the international community seems to be suffering from schizophrenia : whereas all countries solemnly affirmed their commitment to the MDGs , few have provided the means to achieve them .
As for North Korea , Obama and Hu will agree on the importance of bringing the regime back to the Six-Party Talks and affirming its commitments to denuclearize , and the summit communiqué will emphasize this common stance .
Last month , ten years on from that meeting , world leaders returned to New York for a United Nations summit that adopted a document called Keeping the Promise , which reaffirmed the commitment to meeting the goals by 2015 .
True , it once spawned the radical Muslim Brotherhood , but it also gave birth to Islamic socialism and anti-colonialism , Arab unity , and now a democratic affirmation of the people 's will .
China 's incursion reaffirms the ancient strategic axiom that `` geography is the real determinant of history '' -- and , as a result , of foreign and security policy , too .
It is not enough to reject the Bush administration 's policies ; Americans must reaffirm the values and principles of an open society .
This insight should lead us not to abandon the concept of open society , but to revise and reaffirm the case for it .
-LRB- Indeed , when Germany agreed to adopt the euro , it insisted on strong safeguards to maintain the new currency 's value , and its Constitutional Court has reaffirmed the Maastricht Treaty 's prohibition of bailouts . -RRB-
And certain principles set out in the 1992 Rio Framework Convention , including `` common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities , '' were affirmed .
Whatever the outcome , the IMF , the World Bank , and the international community need to reaffirm their commitment to an open and transparent process -- and ask how that process can be improved .
They worry that efforts to promote domestic industries or provide preferential treatment to disadvantaged groups -LRB- the kind of affirmative action programs that have been so important , both in developed and less developed countries -RRB- will be labeled `` unfair '' to foreign firms , and thus be prohibited .
It invested in education and technology , pushed a high savings rate , enacted a strong and effective affirmative action program , and adopted sound macroeconomic policies .
They reaffirm member states ' equality by defending the Council 's rotating presidency .
For its part , the Obama administration should take a number of steps to reaffirm its support for India 's rise , its democratic achievements , and its struggle for security .
Notably , the US should reaffirm its support for a larger Indian role in international organizations and help integrate India into the global non-proliferation regime .
By reaffirming the US commitment to aid India 's rise , and by emphasizing America 's fellowship with India , Obama can help bring the two countries together on the basis of shared interests , and move their relationship forward significantly .
The court 's decision thus is an affirmation of Indian pluralism and of the rule of law .
Just as in war , cruelly raping women is symbolic : it creates cohesion within armed groups , reaffirms `` masculinity , '' and is a form of attacking `` the enemy 's morale . ''
The International Court of Justice has affirmed that they are legally obliged to negotiate in good faith for the complete elimination of their nuclear forces .
After initially trying to delay reunification , France embraced it , in exchange for Germany 's reaffirming its commitment to European unity and Franco-German leadership of the European community .
In the face of a world frightened by Islam , Mahathir was able to affirm a neglected facet of his leadership , repeatedly reminding the world that he presided over the one country in the world where a Muslim majority and large non-Muslim minorities live in peace .
In order not to appear intimidated by Russia 's forceful dismemberment of Georgia , NATO governments have publicly reaffirmed their support for Georgia 's territorial integrity and the country 's desire to join NATO eventually .
The NPR affirms the policy of extended nuclear deterrence , under which the US retains the option to employ nuclear weapons to defend its allies .
WASHINGTON , DC -- The Obama administration has affirmed that , while it will not participate directly , it supports the idea of peace negotiations between the Afghan Taliban and the Afghan government .
Even if Taliban leaders affirmed their willingness to talk , it would be hard to trust their intentions .
Above all , they want the US to sign a legally binding agreement affirming that US BMD will never threaten Russia 's strategic deterrent .
To jump-start progress , all NPT signatories should re-affirm that the Treaty 's provisions are mutually reinforcing and must be pursued jointly and faithfully .
The cabinet of ministers affirmed the succession of Sabah al-Sabah as the new ruler , which was then ratified by Parliament .
