Bush also came as close as he could to endorsing former President Bill Clinton 's peace plan by affirming that `` the borders of the past , the realities of the present , and agreed changes '' will define his two-state solution .
Having `` absolved '' Serbia from the principal crime , the ICJ offered a sort of `` consolation prize '' to Bosnia , affirming that the killings in Srebrenica had the character of genocide -- a conclusion already reached by the ICTY .
Reaffirming Europe
Reaffirming Europe ROME\/STOCKHOLM -- The ongoing global economic crisis is shaking beliefs and approaches that have long been enshrined in European policies .
Are we preparing for a war against each other ? '' Biden , while reaffirming that the US does not view China as an enemy , implied that Fu 's worries are not fanciful , saying that the worst scenario is a misunderstanding that leads to an unintended conflict .
The politically correct policy of affirming each nation 's right to self-determination , including the establishment of an independent state , leads to the emergence of more incompetent regimes .
Reaffirming the CD 's agenda offers the prospect of renewed negotiations on disarmament issues .
Closing the prison at Guantánamo and reaffirming America 's commitment to international law and human rights will also be an important step in this direction .
To complete the process of democratic transformation , Ukraine needs a declaration by Europe affirming Ukraine 's European and Euro-Atlantic prospects .
Without a formal education , Diana self-consciously set about pushing open the doors of an encrusted monarchy , challenging the sanctities of a long-established class structure , and affirming the value and immediacy of a Britain that was more diverse and socially mobile than ever before .
By reaffirming the US-Japan security relationship in the Clinton-Hashimoto declaration of 1996 , the US helped structure a favorable regional balance .
National courts may consider the effects of European integration on their constitutional and democratic institutions , affirming or rejecting the integration that has already taken place , or setting limits to supranational arrangements that might further impinge on national sovereignty .
To be a professor , it seems to me , one must first have something of importance to oneself that needs affirming , and then one must affirm it .
In affirming the rights to which people affected by leprosy and their family members are entitled , the Principles and Guidelines reveal the extent of discrimination and the forms that it has taken .
As for North Korea , Obama and Hu will agree on the importance of bringing the regime back to the Six-Party Talks and affirming its commitments to denuclearize , and the summit communiqué will emphasize this common stance .
By reaffirming the US commitment to aid India 's rise , and by emphasizing America 's fellowship with India , Obama can help bring the two countries together on the basis of shared interests , and move their relationship forward significantly .
After initially trying to delay reunification , France embraced it , in exchange for Germany 's reaffirming its commitment to European unity and Franco-German leadership of the European community .
Above all , they want the US to sign a legally binding agreement affirming that US BMD will never threaten Russia 's strategic deterrent .
