The alliance between Syria and Iran dates back more than two decades , and was explicitly reaffirmed by the two ruling regimes as recently as January 2005 .
It emphatically reaffirmed the principle of non-interference in states ' internal affairs and this principle 's primacy over the rights of individuals enshrined in Article 1 of the Charter .
Four days later , Mexico highest electoral court ruled that Fox had improperly interfered in the election but unanimously reaffirmed Calderon 's victory .
On Wednesday , Abbas reaffirmed that the UN bid would proceed `` even if negotiations resume . ''
President Ronald Reagan condemned this policy , and reaffirmed that Resolution 242 remained `` the foundation stone of America 's Middle East peace effort . ''
The very nature of our European model -- a model that is open internally , externally , and globally -- must be reaffirmed .
But the European economic recovery plan that was recently reaffirmed by the European Council of Ministers is mainly focused on national measures to support domestic demand .
Indeed , we need to send a strong signal to our neighbors in the Western Balkans that their European perspective is still alive , as reaffirmed by the European Heads of State in 2008 .
Turkey , after much huffing and puffing , has had its status as an officially recognized candidate for membership reaffirmed , even if mighty doubts remain as to when it will actually join .
Naturally , Chirac immediately reaffirmed his faith in the French economic model .
Our country 's credit rating was affirmed .
Even as the NATO-led intervention in Libya was being widely criticized for overreaching its narrow mandate , a major General Assembly debate in July 2011 reaffirmed overwhelming support among UN member states for the RtoP concept , in all of its dimensions .
I know of no case in the international version of shooting escaping looters where a court has affirmed that the use of force was necessary but not proportionate .
Not surprisingly , after the attacks Western leaders reaffirmed the urgency of bringing Turkey into the European fold .
And in St. Petersberg in July 2006 , the G-8 leaders reaffirmed their commitment to the ambitious goals they had set the year before , although they did not go further .
And many policymakers around the world have reaffirmed their commitment to completing a successful Doha trade round and refraining from raising new barriers to trade and investment .
In both countries , civil society reacted to the events in a remarkable manner , with a sense of unity , dignity , and reaffirmed national cohesiveness .
On one hand , the US supported China 's membership in the World Trade Organization and accepted Chinese goods and visitors . On the other hand , the Clinton-Hashimoto Declaration of April 1996 affirmed that the US-Japan security treaty , rather than being a Cold War relic , would provide the basis for a stable and prosperous East Asia .
The Allies affirmed unambiguously that a stable Iraq is in their common interest and that NATO is part of achieving this .
Most importantly , the summit reaffirmed the role of the transatlantic community of democratic nations and shared values as the most powerful force for shaping our future .
First , the international community seems to be suffering from schizophrenia : whereas all countries solemnly affirmed their commitment to the MDGs , few have provided the means to achieve them .
Last month , ten years on from that meeting , world leaders returned to New York for a United Nations summit that adopted a document called Keeping the Promise , which reaffirmed the commitment to meeting the goals by 2015 .
-LRB- Indeed , when Germany agreed to adopt the euro , it insisted on strong safeguards to maintain the new currency 's value , and its Constitutional Court has reaffirmed the Maastricht Treaty 's prohibition of bailouts . -RRB-
And certain principles set out in the 1992 Rio Framework Convention , including `` common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities , '' were affirmed .
The International Court of Justice has affirmed that they are legally obliged to negotiate in good faith for the complete elimination of their nuclear forces .
In order not to appear intimidated by Russia 's forceful dismemberment of Georgia , NATO governments have publicly reaffirmed their support for Georgia 's territorial integrity and the country 's desire to join NATO eventually .
WASHINGTON , DC -- The Obama administration has affirmed that , while it will not participate directly , it supports the idea of peace negotiations between the Afghan Taliban and the Afghan government .
Even if Taliban leaders affirmed their willingness to talk , it would be hard to trust their intentions .
The cabinet of ministers affirmed the succession of Sabah al-Sabah as the new ruler , which was then ratified by Parliament .
