For example , he made alliances with Islamist political forces -LRB- who in 2004 voted for constitutional changes legitimizing his position and actions -RRB- . At the same time , he sidelined moderate , mainstream political leaders while claiming that he stood for `` enlightened moderation . ''
One can understand why religious extremists like Al-Qaeda and Taliban would target her , and the government claims that it is impossible to defend against a suicide attack .
`` The US and Britain will not be able to control Iraq , '' Assad claimed .
Despite frequent claims to the contrary , the fundamental problem in the Middle East is not intervention by the West .
He has strengthened the position of many in Europe and elsewhere who are skeptical of challenging a country 's territorial integrity or who still claim to believe in a negotiated settlement .
Many claimed that the Kremlin was delaying the inevitable but ultimately would not block independence .
But can he translate this achievement into an extended ceasefire , peaceful elections , and consolidated PA rule in Gaza and the northern West Bank ? Failure to do so will lead to yet another defeat for the legitimate Palestinian aim of attaining a viable state .
A survey published on a Web site associated with Hamas claimed credit for killing 54 % of all the Israelis who died as a result of Palestinians ' armed struggle , and this body count is Hamas 's claim to success .
How will tax revenues be divided between those who claim leadership of the resistance and those who claim exclusive legitimacy to govern ?
The Warriors of God is one of a handful of radical , al-Qaeda-inspired groups to have appeared in the Gaza Strip in recent months , first coming to public attention in June after claiming responsibility for a failed horseback attack on Israel from Gaza .
Created in 2002 as a partnership between governments and civil society , the Global Fund is unique in the way it aims to deliver assistance .
It has signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , and is developing a nuclear program that it claims is for civilian purposes only .
So why is the European business community claiming that the `` super Euro '' is bringing calamity down upon their heads ?
Exports outside the Euro area claim only 15-16 % of Europe 's total output , and will be even less when -LRB- and if -RRB- Sweden and the UK join the Euro .
Reforms aimed at deregulating financial markets should be the priority .
Mario Monti , the European Union 's Commissioner for Competition Policy , is often in the spotlight , usually to popular acclaim .
Sometimes anti-Zionists claim that they are not against Jews but are `` only '' against the Jewish state .
Not since Dag Hammarskjöld has a UN leader been as acclaimed as Annan .
Over 600 missiles , already deployed on the mainland , are aimed at cities and military bases on the island .
Now it may be European arms in the hands of the Chinese that will be aimed at American troops protecting a democracy with 23 million inhabitants -LRB- in other words , as many people as in all the Nordic countries combined -RRB- .
Two conditions were put to the Turkish government : a comprehensive legal reform aimed at reinforcing the rule of law and human rights , and approval of the Adaptation Protocol of the Ankara Agreement , which extends the customs union with the EU to all new member states , including the Republic of Cyprus .
Elected in 1996 , after a campaign marked by strong claims of religious revival , the Welfare Party 's Necmettin Erbakan made a conspicuous point of making his first official visits to Iran , Libya , Indonesia and Malaysia .
By accepting European demands for democratic reform as a pre-condition for EU membership , Erdogan played a liberalizing role , reinforcing his claim that his party represents a genuinely democratic option for a Muslim-majority country B indeed , that it is an Islamic version of the Christian Democratic parties that have long dominated Europe 's political right .
But in many other situations , we would miss major sources of motivation -- and thus would adopt useless , if not counter-productive , measures aimed at producing the outcomes we seek .
Since 2003 , displacement has affected all the peoples of Iraq , and the central reason remains the same -- the use of violence to expel people from an area with the aim of increasing political and economic power .
Thus , one reason for the `` success '' claimed by supporters of the military surge may well be that sectarian cleansing in Baghdad has been hugely effective and is now nearly complete .
The wheels of Philippine justice need retooling , so much so that the country 's Chief Justice himself recently called for an emergency summit to discuss a rash of extra-judicial killings that have the claimed the lives of leftists , human rights workers , and journalists under President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo .
Shortly before the vote , the speaker of the Duma proclaimed that parliament is not a place for deliberation .
Putin and his entourage `` tightened the screws '' on Russia 's people over the past decade , and faced almost no resistance to their claims to unchecked power .
Only in exceptional circumstances is fiscal harmonization justified : prohibitions , say , on fiscal incentives aimed at limiting competition , impeding commerce , or restricting the movement of capital .
Iran , it is often claimed , has no need for nuclear power , given its abundant oil and natural gas reserves .
OPEC can regain control in one of two ways : use its `` claimed '' excess capacity to flush out speculators , or use its financial surpluses to overtake them .
What due diligence was conducted to ensure that the money it received to fund the prize was not actually stolen from the very Africans whose interests UNESCO claims to champion ?
The ESDP takes into account the larger European policy , and aims to provide assistance in planning , training , and logistical support to missions and forces created by African states or groups of states .
Europe has never claimed to have the means of redressing all the strategic imbalances that exist in Africa -- nor does it have any intention of doing so .
That framework has to be based on global civics , a system of conscious responsibilities that we are ready to take on -- and corresponding rights that we are ready to claim -- after due deliberation .
On the European side is the temptation to speed the emergence of the Union as an international actor by constantly claiming autonomy or independence from the US .
What the EU aims at is not a duplication of NATO structures or an alternative to the Atlantic Alliance .
Nothing , however , prevents smaller groups of member states from aiming at bolder goals through separate agreements , if their mutual trust and similarities encourage them to do it .
When even the Foreign Minister of Britain , a country happy with its centuries-old `` unwritten constitution , '' claims himself eager to have a written European Constitution , something truly has changed !
Gazprom 's co-optation of Europe has been achieved mainly through Germany , where its partnerships with energy companies and banks have helped align the authorities with Russian aims .
Any fund manager who claims to have been deluded by the apparently favorable risk-yield characteristics of CMOs or related credit instruments can be accused of having fallen for Milton Friedman 's `` free lunch . ''
His assassination upon his arrival at Manila airport became the ultimate proof of the sincerity of what he had proclaimed throughout his life .
Sixty-seven tax-evasion cases and 43 smuggling cases , with claims totaling more than 26 billion pesos and 58 billion pesos , respectively , have been filed against groups and individuals .
`` The sub-prime crisis has n't yet reached the beaches of Copacabana , '' Finance Minister Guido Mantega recently proclaimed .
Moreover , rival Sino-Japanese claims to the Senkaku -LRB- or Diao Yutai -RRB- Islands resurfaced last year when the Japanese government leased three islets in the chain from private parties .
Given the recent wave of uprisings , it is more evident than ever that any `` reform '' initiatives undertaken in the Arab world previously were aimed only at sustaining repressive dictatorships and escaping punishment for criminal abuse of power .
In the 2000 's , the imprisoned leadership of the Group produced more than 25 books aimed at de-legitimizing political violence as a method for change .
One reason for this relative malaise is that Sweden remains the world leader in taxation , with public expenditures claiming nearly 60 % of GDP .
The first three -- free market reform , the rule of law , and a pragmatic foreign policy -- have been widely acclaimed , while the fourth -- `` managed democracy '' -- has been tolerated because it has brought political stability .
Russia 's oligarchs are undoubtedly unpopular , and Khodorovsky 's arrest was evidently aimed at boosting Putin 's prospects in the looming parliamentary and presidential elections .
The world 's business press has roundly condemned the authorities ' behavior , especially the impounding of Yukos shares worth many times more than possible state claims , which smacks of expropriation .
After five years of an average annual economic growth of 9 % , economic claims are strikingly absent , as are all socialist and even social demands .
Putin 's apparent aim was to secure financing for Rosneft 's purchase of the Yugansk oil field , which was part of the Yukos confiscation .
Moreover , while the customs union was proclaimed in 1995 , the earliest it can be formed is in July 2011 , which is unlikely .
The prominent Russian military analyst Pavel Felgenhauer insists that their prime aim is to finish off Georgia and its president , Mikheil Saakashvili , who remains in power and defiant .
A choir of prominent American economists , including Paul Krugman , Kenneth Rogoff , and Nouriel Roubini , claimed that Latvia , Estonia , and Lithuania must also devalue .
Their aim is to adopt the euro as soon as possible , which devaluation would have complicated .
If countries in the region embrace the idea , a network of current EU and NATO members could step forward with projects and assistance aimed at promoting a Black Sea identity and community .
Russia today openly lays claim to a sphere of interest in its borderlands -- in direct contradiction to commitments made under the Helsinki process .
The regime claims that it is part of the ` resistance ' with its senior partner Iran .
And that requires a national dialogue , overseen by the international community , aimed at bolstering internal unity -- and thus at protecting the country from regional interference .
The Protocol explicitly aimed at phasing-out substances such as chlorofluorocarbons -LRB- CFCs -RRB- -- found in products such as refrigerators , foams , and hairsprays -- in order to repair the thin gassy-shield that filters out the sun 's harmful , ultra-violet rays .
In Chihuahua , candidates for office claimed to have received threats , and some asked for police protection .
Achieving the fourth , along with social and economic measures aimed at creating better jobs and improving people 's standard of living , would at least make it possible to weaken , contain , and control Mexico 's drug trafficking organizations , thereby strengthening civil order and governability .
In the hushed room , the senior German minister continued : he himself was born in Eastern Europe , and his family was expelled in the post-1945 anti-German atmosphere . `` But , '' he added , `` neither I nor any of my colleagues claim the right to go back .
Anyone who now claims that the 1948 Palestinian refugees have a claim , in principle , to return to Israel , must confront the question : should the millions of Germans expelled from Eastern Europe after 1945 also have the same right of return to their lost homes ?
After all , nobody accepts Israel 's claim to oppose as a matter of principle the establishment of a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza .
One reason Greek Cypriots rejected last April UN Secretary General Kofi Annan 's plan for the reunification of Cyprus was that an overwhelming majority of them felt it did not do justice to the claims of refugees displaced during the 1974 Turkish invasion .
Initially , refugees camps were set up , but the Greek Cypriot government decided that while it will not surrender the refugees ' claim eventually to return to their homes in the North , it would do its utmost in the interim not to leave them vegetating in squalid camps .
The Greek Cypriot community can justly be proud of the way they handled the humanitarian and social problems of the refugees , without at any point surrendering their claims to the lands they lost .
These leaders would do better to look across the Mediterranean at Cyprus and see how - without giving up claims to disputed land - refugees can live in dignity and honor .
Or will they finally realize that a future of independence , sovereignty , and dignity is open to them -- but only if they grant the Israelis what they rightly claim for themselves ?
There are already rumors about a palace coup within Kadima , aimed at replacing Olmert with either the deputy prime minister , the veteran Shimon Peres , or the popular foreign minister , Tzipi Livni .
In all these cases , American involvement was swift and focused on a clear aim , and compliance was verifiable within days , if not hours .
Third , and most significantly , the 1993 Israel-PLO agreement has until now failed to achieve its aim .
This is the exact opposite of a genuine `` zero conflict '' policy that aims to minimize tensions and enhance stability .
Turkey is thus emerging not as a regional mediator , equidistant from contending local players , but as an assertive , if not aggressive , regional power aiming for hegemony .
JERUSALEM -- During the turmoil of the French Revolution , a popular saying arose : `` How beautiful was the republic -- under the monarchy . '' The Revolution aimed at achieving Liberty , Equality , and Fraternity .
Similarly , Erdo?an 's recent visit to Egypt , Libya , and Tunisia brings out the ambivalence of Turkey 's new claim to regional hegemony .
European Discrimination on Trial What good are Europe 's treaties aimed at ensuring the legal equality of all citizens when entire groups face systematic discrimination ?
That is the question that the European Court of Human Rights -LRB- ECHR -RRB- faces this week as its Grand Chamber , consisting of 17 judges , begins considering an appeal of an initial ruling that rejected claims of discrimination against the Roma by the Czech Republic 's education authorities .
Working on this assumption and given the case it had to solve , an EHCR panel of seven judges ruled against the plaintiffs in February 2006 , concluding that the law on special schools is not aimed specifically at Roma and does not apply only to them .
Or will it follow Judge Barreto , who calls for recognition of an obligation to adopt affirmative action policies aimed at benefiting Romanies ?
Assuming entry into both the EU and ERM II in 2004 , new members should aim to enter the eurozone around 2006 .
The PiS captured the public media , the general prosecutor 's office was politicized , and , with the use of the media , was turned into a tool of party propaganda aimed at showing that Poland was ruled by malicious hidden forces , known as the uk?ad , which cheated Poles and kept them poor .
Instead , the battle with corruption should aim at removing its root causes : the scope of the discretionary public sector and the suppression of market forces .
Those who make this claim seem to have in mind a model of a single state , which possesses two relevant features : limited fiscal sovereignty for regional and local governments and a substantial common budget from which regions hit by asymmetric shocks can receive transfers .
Those who claim that `` political union '' is necessary for the eurozone appear to focus on the second feature , despite the fact that fiscal constraints on local governments are clearly a typical and important component of single states .
First , utmost priority should be given to strengthening the mechanisms aimed at preventing pro-cyclical policies and large fiscal shocks .
As the ECB 's common monetary policy can not fit the macroeconomic conditions of all the member countries , the eurozone countries need macro-prudential regulations that aim at reducing excessive credit growth .
But EU-wide measures aimed at ensuring discipline are necessary to spur the growth of preventive mechanisms in the member states , and such initiatives are largely dependent on the large countries , which thus bear a special responsibility for the developments within the eurozone -- and within the EU .
Researchers often dismiss questions concerning environmental influences on their experimental data by claiming that such effects `` cancel out , '' because their control animals are housed under the same conditions .
The Treaty introduces major improvements here , enabling us to work together more effectively to achieve our aims .
The desire to claim one 's rightful place under the sun -- to share the planet equally -- is a driving force throughout the region , from Southeast Asia to Korea and China .
Infosys is redesigning every aspect of how it provides lighting , cooling , water , and transportation to their more than 100,000 employees , and aiming to reduce costs ten-fold in the process .
Reclaiming it would make Asians trendsetters , and make the Asian way of life an example for others to follow .
Their claim to be `` always representing the progressive direction of advanced culture '' is yet another grand and empty declaration .
When the CCP came to power in 1948 , it could claim to embody socialism , Marxism , and the proletariat 's historical mission .
For genuine and long-term stability , Zhao proposed reforms that ultimately aimed at the legalization and systemization of democracy .
Although the short-term practical objectives of Zhao 's political reforms were limited by the circumstances in which they were proposed , the measures all aimed at containing Communist Party power and represented a concrete step toward returning , peacefully , power to China 's people .
The areas populated by Tibetans cover a quarter of China ; to have such a large part of the country 's territory under military control and cut off from the outside world weakens the Communist Party 's claims to legitimacy and world power status .
Although both sides claim to be ready for dialogue , they are talking at cross-purposes : the exiles say that talks must be based on their autonomy proposals , while China says that it will discuss only the Dalai Lama 's `` personal status '' -- where he would live in Beijing should he return to China .
Indeed , a book praising the brothers for their work , Tianzhu -LRB- `` Heavenly Beads '' -RRB- , was published in China late last year , to wide acclaim .
The concern is not that the top executives expected their aggressive risk-taking to lead with certainty to their firms ' failure , but that the executives ' pay arrangements -- in particular , their ability to claim large amounts of compensation based on short-term results -- induced them to accept excessive levels of risk .
Similarly , equity incentives should be subject to substantial limitations aimed at preventing executives from placing excessive weight on their firm 's short-term stock price .
They claim that they need the freedom to set compensation packages in order to keep their most talented people -- the ones who will revive the world 's financial system .
To the extent that the value of these assets would not have been sufficient to cover all of the derivative creditors ' claims , they would have had to bear some losses .
The insurance subsidiaries were not responsible for the obligations of their parent company , and their claims toward policyholders were backed by required reserves .
In any event , concerns about insurance policyholders should have led , at most , to a governmental commitment to back their claims if necessary .
According to the National Bank of Russia , foreign banks withdrew more than $ 10 billion in that country in September alone . Other central banks make similar claims .
But there is another interpretation of Confucianism -- let 's call it `` left Confucianism '' -- that stresses intellectuals ' obligation to criticize bad policies , obliges governments to provide for the people 's material well-being and support those without key family relations , and calls for governments to adopt a more international-minded outlook and to rely on moral power rather than military might to pursue political aims .
This Confucian tradition aims to influence contemporary politics , but it also remains separate from state power and orthodoxy , always ready to point to the gap between ideals and reality .
Here , indeed , is the central point : the need to move away from mythological , mutually exclusive rights of existence , conflicting historical narratives , and religious claims of ownership .
The new policy seems to shift emphasis to `` soft power '' strategy aimed at projecting Britain as a global economic and cultural hub .
The centrality of hereditary succession in the quest for peace and stability was shown by Hafez al-Assad when he agreed to unprecedented good will gestures aimed at drawing Ehud Barak 's Israeli government into a peace deal .
A loose and somewhat confused project , the Alliance of Civilizations aims to heal the wounds of conflict between Islam and the West through education , viable integration policies , and a better-informed dialogue with the media .
To claim that Islam is incompatible with human rights is to consider it a civilization too hidebound to change . This is a historic fallacy .
Nor is the claim that Islam is intrinsically inimical to innovation viable , because Muslim civilization has contributed mightily to science and art throughout history .
Some , as usual , will claim that the Arab-Israeli conflict lies at the root of the problems that exist between Islam and the West , and that resolving the Palestinians ' plight will contribute immensely to smoother relations .
Such was the case of the 1973 war , which was started by President Anwar Sadat with the aim of forcing the United States to broker an Egyptian-Israeli peace .
Nor is Hezbollah keen to see the end of Israel 's occupation of the Sheba Farms on the Lebanon border undermine its claim to the formidable independent military force that it has built with Iranian and Syrian help .
In the Middle East , Russia is doing everything to regain some of the footholds it had in the past with the aim of sidelining America as the sole global actor in the region .
Russia continues to place hurdles before American proposals for sanctions on Iran , has signed with it lavish energy contracts , and is about to sell it advanced aerial systems aimed at thwarting a possible Israeli or American attack .
Rather , it is a move aimed at establishing a balance of threat based on sustaining a low-intensity conflict even if a new lull is agreed upon .
Are some Europeans , many Israelis ask , attempting to use Israel as a means to rid themselves of guilt over the Jewish question , and with it the Jews ' unbearable claim to moral superiority , by lightheartedly equating them with the perpetrators of the Shoah ?
Moreover , Sudanese security forces continue to arm Arab tribes straddling the North-South border with the aim of destabilizing the mostly Christian South .
As a result , its ability to maintain services -- and the military capacity to respond to any maneuver by the Khartoum government aimed against the peace agreement -- is seriously compromised .
A high-powered Russian delegation recently arrived in Juba , the South Sudanese capital , with the proclaimed aim of `` playing a more active role on the African continent . ''
Neither the Soviet experience in Afghanistan in the 1980 's nor NATO 's today vindicates the claim that troop numbers are what matter most on the modern battlefield .
It applauded the military takeover in Algeria in the early 1990 's aimed at curtailing the democratic emergence of an Islamist regime , and is happy to conduct business with authoritarian regimes throughout the Arab world .
Owning Up to Israel 's Bomb TEL AVIV -- President Barack Obama 's vision of a world without nuclear weapons , and the recent agreement he signed with Russia aimed at cutting back the nuclear stockpiles of both countries , enhances his moral and political leadership .
Across-the-board nuclear equality can , in the end , only boost to Iran 's nuclear claims .
The Palestinians are attempting to hold the stick at both ends , claiming before the world their endorsement of the two-state solution while calling for the right of return at the same time .
The entire legal process might well be cut short by a US veto at the UN Security Council , and Israel might still stick to its traditional claim about its right of self-defense .
Al Qaeda , inextricably entwined with the Taliban , would also claim victory if America had signaled a retreat .
To block a move aimed at outlawing his Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- , Erdogan also domesticated Turkey 's constitutional court -- together with the army a watchdog of Kemalism -- by arbitrarily changing its composition .
Now a constitutional reform supposedly aimed at `` promoting Turkey 's EU membership '' would further curb the army 's role as the guardian of the secular state and strengthen government control of the judiciary .
As Islamist democracies whose governments emerge from popular elections , Iran and Turkey -- and their Hamas and Hezbollah allies -- can claim an advantage over the incumbent Arab regimes , all of which suffer from a desperately yawning legitimacy deficit .
Obama 's endorsement of Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu 's claim that if Israel is recognized as a Jewish state and its security needs accepted , `` I will surprise , and the sky is the limit , '' has made the current process possible .
For Netanyahu , creation of a Palestinian state means the end of conflict and the finality of claims .
But a US peace plan aimed at bridging the gaps between the parties stands a chance only if it is built around a solid international alliance for an Israeli-Palestinian peace .
The question for Egypt is whether the agenda of a truly pluralistic democracy -- proclaimed by the avant-garde young protesters at Tahrir Square , the admirably self-empowered Facebook and Twitter generation -- can prevail against the resilient forces of the past .
The Saudi-led intervention in Bahrain is aimed at curtailing Iran 's effort to make headway in the region on the waves of Shia unrest .
Moreover , after 30 years of tension , preparations are under way for the exchange of ambassadors between Egypt and Iran . `` Egypt does not view Iran as an enemy , '' proclaimed Egyptian Foreign Minister Nabil el-Arabi .
Egypt had to grant Israel only political recognition , but the Palestinians are being asked to recognize Israel 's moral legitimacy by accepting Jewish links to the Holy Land and hence admitting the Jews ' millenarian claim for a state in a land that the Palestinians believe is historically theirs .
Even if , as expected , the Security Council rejects the Palestinians ' request for full UN membership and Palestine ends up with observer status in the General Assembly , Abbas can already claim victory .
The deal is also , in the eyes of Israelis , a badge of honor for their res publica -- their Periclean democracy 's claim to the moral high ground in an autocratic neighborhood .
True , its leader , Khaled Mashaal only recently declared in Tehran that `` our aim is liberating all of Palestine from the River to the Sea . ''
Now , not even Fatah , Arafat 's own party , can claim to be a coherent organization .
His role as a broker of sorts is mostly aimed at endearing himself to the US , where Congress is highly critical of his human rights record .
Such a sequence -- and a conference whose harmless aim is `` to review progress toward building Palestinian institutions , look for ways to support further reforms , and support the effort going on between the parties '' -- fits perfectly with the Israeli view .
More an enemy of Israeli-Arab reconciliation than of Israel as such , the Mullahs ' resort to an incendiary anti-Jewish , pan-Islamic discourse is aimed at ending Iran 's isolation and presenting its regional ambitions in a light palatable to the Sunni masses .
This would not be achieved , however , through an inevitably imperfect sanctions regime , or by America 's resort to Cold War logic aimed at breaking Iran 's backbone by drawing it into a ruinous arms race .
So , once again , Mahathir felt pressure to adopt a strategy aimed at preventing Islam from becoming a tool of opposition .
His choice of Abdullah Badawi , the current prime minister , helped UMNO regain the Islamist moral high ground that the PAS had been claiming .
The Capability Development Plan , which the EDA is developing in close collaboration with the EU Military Committee , aims to foster and improve solidarity in terms of capability , which is what Europe needs .
The new property law wo n't be the breakthrough for rights protection that the government claims it is until it is matched by increased access to justice for ordinary citizens .
Even if one religious tradition still claims a majority of a population as its nominal adherents , individuals can still choose to disaffiliate from the institution representing that tradition -LRB- as in the Catholic majority countries of Europe -RRB- .
Engagement means that the tradition is carried into the open discourse of the culture , and that those who represent the tradition make unapologetic truth claims .
The crisis has also tested ideas about the ultimate aims of transition . It confirmed the view that the transition from communism is about much more than building markets and shifting economic responsibilities from the state to the private sector .
Eurozone leaders must now aim to preserve not only the single currency , but also the gains from financial integration in Europe .
The European Union 's highly touted `` Lisbon Declaration '' of a few years ago , which proclaimed that Europe would become the world 's most competitive region by 2010 , appears laughable to Americans , whose productivity gains seem to scale new heights constantly .
Bringing the Baltic states into Nato , Russia claims , would severely compromise its security -LRB- for that read Russian self-esteem -RRB- .
From the start , he declared that the attacks on New York were directly aimed at his country .
Once the US claims the right of redefining or dismissing international treaties as it pleases , it can scarcely blame others if they do so as well .
Wherever in today 's world revolt is quashed by military oppression , the oppressors claim that they are only following America 's lead .
To be sure , the US administration has now asked all of NATO for help , in marked contrast to its haughty claim only two years ago that NATO as such no longer mattered ; not membership in the alliance , but a particular military mission , would henceforth define the coalition .
The alliance can claim important achievements over the past 15 years : it helped to stabilize Europe as it enlarged to 26 members , almost double the Cold War number ; it kept the Balkan conflict under control ; it even accepted a role in extra-European security contingencies such as Afghanistan .
Perhaps only a miracle : real progress in the Israel-Palestine conflict , which both the US and the Europeans could then claim to have helped bring about .
With this aim in mind , it must enter into talks with democratically elected Palestinian representatives .
Under the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- of which Iran is still a member , countries are entitled to engage in enriching uranium for civilian purposes , and Iran claims that this is all it wants .
This claim has great credibility with labor unions that believe that trade with poor countries produces paupers in rich countries .
The former , it was claimed , would have lower unit costs than the latter .
Ignorant of the extensive `` deindustrialization '' debate in 1960 's Great Britain , two Berkeley academics , Stephen Cohen and John Zysman , started a similar debate in the US in 1987 with their book Manufacturing Matters , which claimed that , without manufactures , a viable service sector is untenable .
On the second front , there are distressing recent reports that the US Commerce Department is exploring ways to strengthen the bite of anti-dumping actions , which are now generally agreed to be a form of discriminatory protectionism aimed selectively at successful exporting nations and firms .
Thus , it was asserted that a tax on foreign workers would reduce the numbers coming in and `` taking jobs away '' from American citizens . Many supporters of the proposal claimed , incoherently , that it would simultaneously discourage foreign workers from entering the US and increase revenues .
In this case , the choice of CSR spending is focused directly on generating added revenue , much like advertising , and is aimed at sales much the way advertising is .
A malign example is Philip Morris 's donation of money to museums , symphony orchestras , and opera houses , cynically aimed at buying off artists who might otherwise work to ban cigarettes .
In Defense of Polish Plumbers Supporters of Europe 's social model claim that what distinguishes it is the importance placed on `` social cohesion . ''
Indeed , some policies aimed at achieving cohesion may well reduce it .
Their fierce devastation claimed thousands of lives , destroyed vital infrastructure , and crippled economies .
One of the most devastating global health challenges on the planet is malaria , which claims more than 800,000 lives annually , primarily among young African children .
They pledged to implement programs aimed at asset purchases -LRB- to clarify the balance sheets of financial institutions -RRB- , recapitalization -LRB- to make sure that , if solvent , they could operate and continue to lend -RRB- , and guarantees -LRB- to reassure depositors and some investors that their funds were safe -RRB- .
Acclaimed as a national hero among radical right-wingers , the iron-fisted Park Chung-hee ruled South Korea from 1963 to 1979 , in the wake of the 1961 military coup , only to be assassinated by his intelligence chief .
Left-leaning pundits claim that the dictator 's daughter has the same autocratic vision as her father , though Park invariably prefers incremental change to radical measures , and cut her political teeth in the tough-minded politics of the GNP .
They surely have a right to defend themselves , whether through foreign-exchange intervention and the consequent accumulation of reserves -LRB- a potentially profitable option if capital flows are indeed temporary -RRB- , imposition of capital controls , or other currency-related macro-prudential policies aimed at countercyclical exchange-rate smoothing .
That agenda , with obvious country differences , spans five important areas , which together should be the focus of policy attention aimed at solidifying the region 's transformation .
The SGP originally aimed to protect European citizens from myopic governments , but it has ended up forcing even more myopic behavior .
Take pension reform , which aims to reduce the scope of state-run , pay-as-you-go systems and expand private , fully funded schemes .
Indeed , the Paper is a hodgepodge of illogic and half-baked ideas that aims at `` launching a public debate '' on the issue , `` choosing a bottom-up , rather than a top-down approach . ''
The only justification for such a long list is that every government could claim to have attained at least one target -- a trophy to exhibit at home .
The first decision was to reduce taxes on overtime work , a measure clearly aimed at increasing the number of hours worked .
People who claim to be happy tend to live longer , commit suicide and abuse drugs and alcohol less often , get promoted more frequently by their employers , and enjoy more good friends and lasting marriages .
His human qualities , as much as his talent and technical feats on the field , counted equally in establishing his popular acclaim .
France 's Royal Visage Ségolenè Royal has surged to the front of the pack of Socialists who aim to succeed Jacques Chirac as President of France .
A mother of four children who proclaims to believe in traditional family values , she is attractive to right-wing voters , while her non-matrimonial relationship with Hollande makes her seem a quintessentially modern woman .
In the year that the Socialists are celebrating the fortieth anniversary of the May 1968 demonstrations against de Gaulle , they are also trying to steal his diplomatic clothes by proclaiming themselves the defenders of the independent French foreign policy that he championed .
In fact , it needs to be part of a more comprehensive effort aiming at empowering and giving civil rights to women - 50 % of the people that live in societies where the practice is carried out .
However , the aim of his trial should be not only to bring to justice the dictator and his accomplices , but also to foster national reconciliation through the affirmation by Iraqis of universal principles such as non-discrimination , fairness , and transparency .
One big lesson I learned during the struggle to create the International Criminal Court -LRB- ICC -RRB- , and now during the battle for a moratorium on the death penalty , is that it is often better to aim for a realistic result rather than a perfect one .
One option is that eurozone members remain sovereign and claim back their monetary powers , which implies not only the death of the euro , but also a threat to the internal market and to the EU 's very existence .
Many proponents of the euro claimed that it would quickly evolve as an alternative reserve currency alongside the dollar , or even replace it , in global markets .
Whether monetary union was necessary to accomplish that aim is debatable .
The political economy of California 's budget has taken the progressive tax-and-spend experiment to the breaking point , threatening the state 's ability to fund basic services , from prisons and parks to education and health care , even those aimed at helping its most vulnerable citizens .
China has undertaken a 6 % - of-GDP stimulus package aimed -LRB- mostly -RRB- at infrastructure ; the United States has enacted a two-year $ 800 billion spending and tax rebate package .
Industrial policy is appealing to politicians who can favor key constituencies while claiming to be helping the economy as a whole .
However , given current European and American law , these claims require a novel legal underpinning in order to be valid and enforceable .
Instead of allowing donors to claim individual compensation for their tissue , a tax would be imposed every time a tissue-based application actually yields a profit .
In fact , although the central government has the authority to collect the revenues generated by existing fields , there is no law to prevent local officials from modernizing old sites and claiming that they are new .
A splinter group , the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , has claimed credit for several recent attacks and kidnappings of foreign workers , and says it will not retreat until Delta states gain control of the revenue produced by locally extracted oil .
A few weeks ago , a previously unknown organization called `` The Martyr 's Brigade '' claimed credit for attacks on Delta pipelines , raising concerns among multinationals that mercenary resistance in the region is becoming ideological .
But the central government will need a large share of that income if it is to finance the construction of new institutions of governance , invest in critical infrastructure , undertake onerous reforms aimed at economic liberalization , and provide the resource-poor -LRB- and already restive -RRB- Sunnis of central Iraq with a greater share of the country 's wealth .
The constitution must also be amended to reverse the worst effects of a de-Baathification process that aimed to dismantle the vestiges of Saddam Hussein 's regime .
After conservative candidate Felipe Calderon was declared the winner by less than 1 % of the vote , his populist rival , Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , quickly claimed fraud .
If they can significantly degrade the militia 's strength , or at least contain its influence within Baghdad 's Shi'a slums , the Iraqi government will have a somewhat better chance of developing a credible security force and Bush can claim some success .
For the moment , administration officials are hoping that `` targeted '' sanctions aimed directly at Iran 's leadership will compel a compromise .
The United Nations Security Council 's recent decision to tighten existing sanctions on Iran by prohibiting dealings with 15 individuals and 13 organizations aims at precisely that .
The Bush administration can therefore enthusiastically back a return to civilian rule and claim a much-needed victory for democracy in a Muslim country .
The parliamentary authorization itself is carefully worded to underline Turkey 's limited aims . It stresses that Turkey 's military has no intention of occupying Iraqi territory or threatening Iraqi Kurds or their oil infrastructure .
Last year , in a widely acclaimed trial , four Rwandans were convicted by a Belgian jury of involvement in the 1994 genocide in their country .
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt claims that Shiites are `` always loyal to Iran , '' while King Abdullah of Jordan has coined the axiom about a rising `` Shiite crescent . ''
He blocked the sale of regional energy companies , for example , because he claims that their privatization will threaten Ukraine 's `` national security , '' though it is corrupt and incompetent state management of these companies that is threatening Ukraine 's security by making it vulnerable to energy cut-offs .
Sadly , he now appears poised to make another serious political miscalculation , because he is backing a radical constitutional reform aimed at creating a purely presidential system .
Yushchenko can yet secure an honorable place in history if , instead of undermining and obstructing Tymoshenko at every turn , he supports her anti-corruption initiatives and constitutional reform , the latter aimed at bringing Ukraine 's political system closer to Europe 's parliamentary democracies as well as to facilitate Ukraine 's European integration .
But realizing these aims requires cooperation from the government in Khartoum , whereas each of the proposed measures would only heighten tensions or prove useless .
Nor is it clear whether its aim is to pressure Sudan into changing its policy or to bring about wholesale regime change .
Factions within the regime might prove supportive of new policies aimed at tempering the climate of violence in Sudan , decreasing its trade dependency on China , improving conditions for refugees , and lowering international tensions .
In The Human Condition , the philosopher Hannah Arendt linked politics to the human capacity not simply to act , but to `` act in concert . '' While concerted action is a familiar notion , it used to be aimed mainly at influencing the state -- exemplified by the way civil society prompted America 's withdrawal from Vietnam .
This drive prompted US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in January 2010 to proclaim the `` freedom to connect '' as the cyber-equivalent of the more familiar freedoms of assembly or expression .
Against the authoritarian and hierarchical structures of the regime , we raised a decentralized institution , a huge organism striving to achieve consensus about its aims and the methods of action .
The summit started with a one-on-one meeting between the two countries ' prime ministers . After an hour together , they emerged to tell the press that no new steps aimed at improving relations had been agreed upon .
It is no longer aimed at official support of United States-led anti-terrorism activities .
Will the military subvert the constitutional changes aimed at reforming the political system ?
Even before Pakistan 's ruling elite was shaken by the killings in Pakistan 's streets and the turmoil in Tunisia and Egypt , it had begun to plan measures aimed at mollifying an increasingly restive citizenry .
The Pakhtun-led insurgency aims at expelling foreign troops and restoring Pakhtun dominance .
Can one imagine the New York Philharmonic , which performed to great acclaim in Pyongyang , entertaining Stalin or Hitler ?
The notion of `` Asian values , '' promoted mostly by Singaporean official scribes , was partly a critique of universalist Western claims .
One possible line of criticism of this kind of thinking is simply to claim the superiority of Western values .
But promoting these aims without discussion , let alone criticism , resulted in a backlash .
An alternative to this line of argument is to claim that China has its own kind of democracy , based on a Confucian idea of government benevolence and the Chinese people 's cultural propensity to sacrifice individual rights to collective goods .
The Chinese government claims that Tibetans are happy .
Then , when real change does occur , no one can claim that the people `` are not ready for it . ''
The DPJ 's aims are excellent : more authority to elected politicians , less bureaucratic meddling , more independence from the US , better relations with Asian neighbors , more power to voters and less to big business , and so on . Whether Hatoyama and his colleagues have the wherewithal to achieve these aims remains an open question .
Yet that is precisely what many people , including his colleagues in the film world -- for example , Pedro Almodovar , Wim Wenders , and Ettore Scola -- are claiming .
When a girl claimed to have been raped at one of his parties in 1921 , and then died a few days later , Arbuckle was pilloried in the press , and sentenced for rape and murder twice .
Bush is right to claim that people in the Middle East would like to be as prosperous and free as the South Koreans , but his notion that the war in Iraq is simply a continuation of US policies in Asia could not be more mistaken .
TOKYO -- Revolutions , it is often claimed , do not happen when people are desperate .
If the US is as serious about promoting freedom abroad as it claims , it should not be hindering one of its closest ally 's efforts to strengthen its democracy .
When European politicians claim that France , Britain , or The Netherlands are not traditional `` immigrant countries '' like the US , they are right only up to a point , as the examples of Spinoza , Disraeli , and Sarkozy show .
These people were largely left in peace until a few years ago , when Jews began to lay claim on properties lost in 1948 .
Palestinians who might wish to make similar claims on properties in West Jerusalem can not do so .
Because they settled after 1948 in `` enemy territories , '' such as Jordanian Sheikh Jarrah , they are barred by Israeli law from reclaiming lost property .
This implies that Jews can push farther and farther into East Jerusalem , as well as build settlements on Palestinian territories around the city , which Israel now claims to be part of Jerusalem .
The ultimate aim , it appears , is to make Jerusalem Jewish , by purchase , by invoking historical claims , and , if necessary , by force .
This is a cheap trick , aimed to give maximum offense .
There are no doubt some among the demonstrators who would like Obama to be more strident in his support of their aims .
As a non-believer , I am bound to treat such claims with skepticism . But the moral power of religious faith does not need a supernatural explanation .
His aim was to protect the West from Islamization .
Indeed , only one right-wing European politician , Francesco Speroni of the Italian Northern League , which is part of Silvio Berlusconi 's government , was prepared to defend Breivik . Speroni claimed that Breivik 's `` ideas are in defense of western civilization . ''
After all , there is nothing irrational , or murderous , about claiming that multiculturalism is a flawed ideal , or that Islam conflicts with modern Western European views of gender equality or gay rights , or that mass immigration will cause serious social conflicts .
These claims began to be made by respectable conservatives , and even some social democrats , in the 1990 's .
European right-wing populists , including some who represent parties with a strong anti-Semitic past , now proudly proclaim their support for Israeli settlers on Palestinian land .
Notwithstanding his call to ban the Koran , Wilders and his admirers claim to believe in unfettered free speech as a Western birthright .
Since health care costs for those over 65 are approximately four times higher than for those under 65 , aging societies place massive claims on medical resources .
Evidence-based medicine -- a popular technique for controlling costs -- is ordinarily aimed only at the efficacy of diagnostic or therapeutic procedures .
The Franco-German couple could no longer claim to speak for the EU as a whole .
First , the status of senior claimants of pension funds could be made explicit and , to the extent that there is no solvency risk , the above problems could be addressed by creating a pension fund bond that yields a rate of return that is not subject to repudiation risk .
AIDS has claimed more than 25 million lives since medical scientists first identified it in 1981 .
For this reason alone , no trust should be placed in claims of eradication of diseases like polio .
The best that can be done is to seek to control polio , and to hope that politics , economics , and ethics allow us to get that far . Those involved in efforts aimed at complete eradication should rethink their goal , lest faith in the unattainable leads to disaster .
Samuel Morley of the UN 's Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean put together an index that graded reforms aimed at economic deregulation , trade liberalization , and opening up financial markets .
His opponents have responded by proclaiming their right to self-determination and threatening to boycott the referendum with which he hopes to legalize the reform .
The conflict is not , as the government claims , between the people and a few oligarchs .
Friedman 's voice was a skeptical breath of fresh air at a time when the reigning viewpoint was a kind of smug pseudo-socialism that did not recognize the astounding power of markets to accomplish desirable aims .
Some Israeli religious factions claim a right to the land on both sides of the Jordan River , and others aver that their 205 settlements with some 500,000 people are necessary for `` security . ''
When Chávez declares `` moribund '' a legitimate constitution , or when he proclaims l'état c'est moi by declaring a national holiday to commemorate his 10 years in power , we see eloquent examples of a homemade institutional farce that would doom any country to the ninth circle of misery .
Some of the project 's adversaries claim that it must be stopped because it will be a tribute to the perpetrators of a despicable deed .
The ICJ , which instead deals with controversies between states , was faced with Bosnia 's claim that Serbia was responsible for the Srebrenica massacre .
But Serbia claims that the province remains an essential part of its historical and cultural tradition .
Finally , one fails to understand why Moreno-Ocampo has aimed so high and accused al-Bashir of the `` crime of crimes , '' genocide , instead of filing charges that are more appropriate and easier to prosecute , such as war crimes -LRB- bombing of civilians -RRB- and crimes against humanity -LRB- extermination , forcible transfer of people , massive murders , rape , etc. -RRB- .
Russia argues that its invasion was aimed at 1 -RRB- stopping Georgia 's aggression against South Ossetians ; 2 -RRB- ending ethnic cleansing , genocide , and war crimes committed by Georgia there ; 3 -RRB- protecting Russian nationals ; and 4 -RRB- defending South Ossetians on the basis of the peace-keeping agreement signed by Boris Yeltsin and Eduard Shevardnadze in 1992 .
These two regions have now proclaimed their independence , and Moscow has given its blessing to a secession that is likely to be the stepping stone to incorporation by Russia .
Nevertheless , with both sides claiming the mantle of international law , authoritative legal decisions about these issues might perhaps push the parties to reach a lasting agreement .
Calderón can not hand education over to the Church , privatize Pemex -LRB- the state owned oil company -RRB- or abolish social anti-poverty programs , as his adversaries falsely claimed he would do .
The most urgent , feasible , and relevant steps involve electoral and legal reforms aimed at avoiding a repeat of the current protests over the presidential vote .
The one positive feature of the reforms -- a scheme aimed at ensuring equal radio and television airtime for parties during electoral campaigns -- was tainted by serious legislative omissions .
In 1953 , Fidel Castro , in what is probably the best-known speech in Latin American political history , proclaimed in court that history would absolve him .
Immediately after the announcement , Sudan 's government and its allies began a diplomatic campaign aimed at securing a Security Council deferral of the investigations for 12 months .
The Revolution Reborn MEXICO CITY -- In El Salvador , for the first time ever in Latin America , a former political-military organization that tried to gain power through the barrel of a gun has achieved its aims through the ballot box .
Everyone could claim victory , and no one was obliged to acknowledge defeat .
President Daniel Ortega is seeking to remain in office more or less perpetually , and seems ready to perpetrate every type of stratagem , from electoral fraud to dissolving Congress and the judiciary , in order to achieve his aims .
His chief goal -- obtaining a permanent seat for Brazil on the United Nations Security Council -- is more distant than ever , and his more modest aims have not met with greater success .
But , under Lula -LRB- and under Vicente Fox and Felipe Calderón in Mexico , for that matter -RRB- , they became a direct anti-poverty program aimed at the current generation of poor .
Whereas Brazil and Turkey claimed that the arrangement had been accepted by the US and Europe , the US called for -- and got , with the support of Europe -- new and stronger United Nations sanctions , which only Brazil and Turkey opposed .
Then they made statement after statement claiming that Syria was not Libya , and they would not allow another Western intervention to achieve regime change in another Arab country just because its people seemed upset with the local dictator .
But , as Latin America 's left claims more governments -- today in Brazil , Chile , Venezuela , Uruguay , and partly Argentina , and perhaps Mexico , Bolivia , and Nicaragua in the near future -- there is no reason why it should be immune from the region 's eternal ills .
Approximately 150 million people in South-eastern Europe -- the Western Balkans , Ukraine , and Turkey -- aim at becoming EU citizens .
Since 2007 , many of the cartels ' victims have been decapitated -- a tactic clearly aimed at intimidating their enemies .
Thus , the FSLN government proclaimed itself winner in 109 of the 153 municipalities . This culminated a process of electoral fraud that began five months earlier with the suspension of the legal standing of the opposition Conservative Party and the Sandinista Renewal Movement , a rival to President Daniel Ortega 's FSLN .
The government claims extensive support , but opinion polls consistently show that an overwhelming majority of Hong Kong 's people oppose the legislation .
Finally , Hong Kong represents a test of the `` one country , two systems '' model proclaimed in 1997 , and thus of the feasibility of China 's applying the same scheme to its reunification plans for Taiwan .
Our understanding of the world , of our freedom to act in the world , and the possibilities of violence aimed at us because of who we are - these have all changed .
India is now becoming divided in much the same way , and for much the same reason -- the emerging system of `` reserved places '' aimed at redressing centuries of caste discrimination .
Instead of providing quality elementary education for all , our policymakers are more concerned with enacting caste-based measures aimed at short-term political gains .
These findings raise damning suspicions about the literacy levels that successive Indian governments have claimed to achieve .
But boosters of caste politics claim that it is not economic deprivation but the social backwardness from which these castes have historically suffered that makes caste reservations necessary .
When it breaks down , the car of an unlicensed driver is towed to a lot , where it is rarely claimed .
For example , China now includes the South China Sea in its `` core '' national interests , on a par with Taiwan and Tibet , in order to stake a virtually exclusive claim to military operations there .
China also has increasingly questioned India 's sovereignty over Arunachal Pradesh , the northeastern Indian state that China 's rulers call `` Southern Tibet '' and claim largely as their own .
Governments across Asia are concerned that China 's rapidly accumulating power is emboldening it to assert territorial and maritime claims against neighbors stretching from Japan to India .
Even against tiny Bhutan , China has stepped up its lands claims through military incursions .
A recent Pentagon report is unsparing : `` The history of modern Chinese warfare provides numerous case studies in which China 's leaders have claimed military preemption as a strategically defensive act .
Several developments this year underscore China 's more muscular foreign policy , from its inclusion of the South China Sea in its `` core '' national interests -- a move that makes its claims to the disputed Spratly Islands non-negotiable -- to its reference to the Yellow Sea as a sort of exclusive Chinese military-operations zone .
China also has become more insistent in pressing its territorial claims both to India 's northeastern Arunachal Pradesh state and to the Japanese-controlled Senkaku Islands , with Chinese warships making more frequent forays into Japanese waters .
Beijing 's 2004 spat with South Korea over the ancient kingdom of Koguryo -- triggered by a revised historical claim posted on the Chinese foreign ministry 's Web site that the empire , founded in the Tongge river basin of northern Korea , was Chinese -- was seen as an attempt to hedge China 's options vis-à-vis a potentially unified Korea .
Against that background , China 's increasingly assertive territorial and maritime claims threaten Asian peace and stability .
But the Chinese Communist Party still harps on old grievances to reinforce its claim to legitimacy : full restoration of China 's `` dignity '' after a century of humiliation at the hands of foreign powers .
Today , whether it is Arunachal Pradesh or Taiwan or the Senkaku Islands or even the Spratlys , China is dangling the threat of force to assert its claims .
After all , despite Burma 's strategic importance vis-à-vis China and Aung San Suu Kyi 's release from house detention , the US continues to enforce stringent sanctions against that country , with the aim of toppling its government .
China had several possible motives for staging his `` escape , '' including a desire to strengthen his claim to the title at a time when the rival contender -LRB- backed by important interests in India , Bhutan , and Taiwan -RRB- appeared to be gaining ground .
And , decades after Lewis L. Strauss , the Chairman of the United States Atomic Energy Agency , claimed that nuclear power would become `` too cheap to meter , '' the nuclear industry everywhere still subsists on munificent government subsidies .
In 1989 , Francis Fukuyama claimed in a famous essay that the Cold War 's end marked the end of ideological evolution , `` the end of history , '' with the `` universalization of Western liberal democracy as the final form of human government . '' Yet , two decades on , the global spread of democracy has been encountering increasingly strong headwinds .
And , to lend credence to that claim , the two smaller Soviet-era aircraft carriers that were purchased with the Varyag in 1998-2000 were developed into floating museums .
On a host of issues , including its territorial claims in the South China Sea and against Japan and India , China spent 2010 staking out a more muscular position .
For example , China persisted with its unannounced rare-earth embargo against Japan for seven weeks while continuing to claim in public that no export restrictions had been imposed .
Meanwhile , China 's resurrection of its long-dormant claim to the northeastern Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh , and its needling of India over Kashmir -LRB- one-fifth of which is under Chinese control -RRB- , is testing the new US-India global strategic partnership .
The US has chartered a course of tacit neutrality on the Arunachal Pradesh issue -- to the delight of China , which aims to leave an international question mark hanging over the legitimacy of India 's control of the Himalayan territory , which is almost three times as large as Taiwan .
For example , China 's expanding naval role and maritime claims threaten to collide with US interests , including America 's traditional emphasis on freedom of the seas .
But Taiwan 's policy towards China has also undergone a very different kind of overhaul in the last decade or so , with previous confrontations replaced by a new engagement aimed at exploring economic opportunities in the vast Chinese market .
Pakistani parents occasionally maim their children to make them beguiling beggars .
The very next day , however , Pakistan 's Foreign Office spokesman , Masood Khan , claimed that President Musharraf was prepared to drop this demand .
Nevertheless , Anita Silvers , a philosopher at San Francisco State University and a disability scholar and activist , has described such treatments as `` tyranny of the normal , '' aimed at adjusting the deaf to a world designed by the hearing , ultimately implying the inferiority of deafness .
The NCP has a history of dividing and manipulating groups to achieve its aims , and it regularly ignores its commitments .
Based on a five-year project that we led at the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , we believe that the UPE goal is not ambitious enough : the world should aim for , and can achieve , high-quality , universal secondary education , as well as universal primary education .
But who can reasonably claim to know what shape the EU will need to take to meet the challenges of the next 50 or 100 years ?
The most dangerous course for Japan now would be to continue its dribbled , strategically aimless increase in defense spending , while treating the armed forces as pariahs , leaving them without a coherent command and with no leadership from the government .
Many countries claim that their law is based on divine authority , say , the Koran , returning us to the bleak potential for unlimited conflicts over values .
Entering NATO marks a formal acknowledgement that Romania -LRB- or Bulgaria , or Hungary , or Poland for that matter -RRB- is surrendering its claims to unlimited sovereignty , and to all the dreams of grandeur that go with it .
So a socialist deputy in Romania 's Parliament exclaimed in panic a few weeks ago .
For most journalists and political pundits in Romania , this self-proclaimed Damascene conversion looks like just another political farce from someone with unrivaled histrionic gifts .
He admitted that he had been anti-Semitic , but he claimed that God had opened his eyes and that he now loved Jews as much as he used to hate them .
The man who once said that he could `` well imagine world culture without Jews '' now claimed to realize how quintessential the Jews are for world culture .
Yet regulators persist in trying to inject themselves into these fields , with antitrust authorities claiming that they are ripe with anti-competitive practices and exercises of `` undue market power '' by the most successful market participants .
Rather than accept its losses , the EPRDF-run government responded with a brutal crackdown , claiming outright victory and accusing the opposition of trying to stage an insurrection .
President Jacques Chirac of France has the support of his people , but he also has an agenda that appears to be concerned as much with French grandeur as with mere popular acclaim .
Along with President Bush , he would be acclaimed as a great leader , while voices of dissent and opposition would be silenced .
Even post-War Germany 's acclaimed , miracle-working Economics Minister , Ludwig Erhard , was deeply unpopular in the early 1950s , because it appeared as if only a few were getting rich , while most West Germans remained poor or got poorer .
Intelligence dossiers -LRB- it is claimed -RRB- were `` sexed up '' by Blair 's underlings .
More particularly , there was no evidence for the prime minister 's claim that the Iraqi dictator could have launched `` WMD 's '' , as weapons of mass destruction are now called , `` within 45 minutes '' .
Does it matter whether this claim was strictly true or not ?
Political decisions can -- or at any rate , should -- never claim to represent the truth .
Suddenly , non-fraternization with Germans -- the American rule -- was replaced by frequent contacts aimed at re-education , especially of the young .
More frequently , uncertainty leads to someone claiming to know how to eliminate it - frequently through arbitrary powers that benefit but a few .
It is not aimed at creating a united -LRB- Catholic -RRB- Ireland , an independent Basque country , or even a Palestinian state , but at a particular worldview and those who represent it .
It is aimed at what used to be called the West , that is , a liberal order of things , a free world .
Because the United States is the most visible and powerful representative of that free world , it is aimed against America and its closest allies in Europe and elsewhere .
It does not offer an alternative view of the modern world other than the implicit claim that modernity is neither necessary nor desirable .
Moreover , that claim , when made by men who appear to be religious leaders , is almost certainly dishonest .
Such incidents make one wonder whether the terrorists have , in the end , achieved their aim of destroying the West and what it stands for .
Terrorism aimed at the destruction of the liberal order is a test of that order .
What is new today is the scale of migration , often across huge cultural divides - and often without a definite aim .
There is a need , however , for a healthy skepticism towards the claims of a meritocracy based on academic achievement alone .
In other words , one in a thousand voted for them , although they claimed to speak for that state 's retired and elderly people -- over 30 % of the population .
This world has ceased to be viable in large part for reasons of demography , as ever more claimants for assistance make costs unaffordable .
The third unknown is the performance of the Left Party , a new formation positioned to the left of the SPD and built on East Germany 's ex-communist PDS , with the addition of a significant number of dissident Social Democrats in the West who proclaim themselves to be defenders of the welfare state .
Religious fundamentalists claim that the law must be anchored in the belief in a supreme being , or even be based on revelation .
Moreover , by winning 38.5 % of a turnout of 80 % , Schröder could claim the support of one-third of the electorate , whereas Blair was elected by a mere quarter -LRB- 40 % of a turnout of 60 % -RRB- .
The Iraq Body Count aims to tally only deaths from violence during the current war by creating a data set based on media reports .
Publicly , each claims legitimacy by offering to the wider society dynamic programs of modernization , liberalization and competent economic management ; privately they promise their friends that they will promote sectoral interests and preserve social privileges .
They could no longer claim their traditional role as the party of reliable economic management because , during its four years in power , New Labor delivered an impressive record of economic competence and stability , with high growth and low inflation .
President Clinton presided over eight years of successful fiscal management and prosperity , so George W. Bush could not claim this middle ground .
The dilemma in Britain is the same as that of any West European country : the move by left-of-center parties to the middle ground , and their acceptance of market forces , means that right-of-center parties have lost their traditional claim to govern on the grounds of economic moderation and good sense .
In Britain , Tony Blair 's government claims to be `` New Labor '' .
Two other countries , Bulgaria and Romania , can aim for membership three years after that .
They hope to perpetuate their influence by asserting claims of national sovereignty .
Brown claimed that his five tests would produce answers that were plain and unambiguous .
The Poles claim -- self-righteously -- that they are representing not their own national interest , but that of all the smaller member states .
Tony Blair 's Poisoned Legacy Tony Blair has a powerful claim to being one of the most successful British politicians of any recent generation , at least in domestic economic and social policy .
But the main reason for Britain 's popular disillusion with Blair comes down to his role in the Iraq war , which was launched with the ostensible aim of pre-empting Iraq 's use weapons of mass destruction -LRB- WMD -RRB- .
Blair was at the forefront among Western leaders in pressing for NATO action , and to justify this innovation in outside intervention he proclaimed `` a new doctrine of international community '' that made it a `` just war , '' because it was based on superior Western values .
Political commentators sometimes claim to detect important differences in their underlying political attitudes .
Perhaps the single most important domestic question Brown faces concerns where he stands on the balance between the free market and the claims of social policy .
Public concern about this issue has been made much worse by claims that the rich get even richer by paying little tax .
This `` closeness '' has led the police to investigate claims that some Labor Party donors have been rewarded with political honors .
The most critical issue facing Brown is whether he chooses to distance himself from Blair 's self-satisfied and delusional claim that the invasion of Iraq was `` the right thing to do . ''
If willing buyers and willing sellers were trading claims happily , then , as long as they were `` professional '' investors , there was no legitimate reason to interfere in their markets .
Onto this fiercely contested terrain marches the United Kingdom 's Independent banking Commission , set up last year by Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne , with a brief to examine possible structural reforms to the banking system aimed at safeguarding financial stability and competition .
And governments would almost certainly have to back some lending banks , too , so the claimed benefits in terms of insulating the public purse would not be realized .
Greece was an early favorite in the race to claim it , but faced a stiff challenge for a time from Ireland .
Over time , the aim must surely be to minimize the proportion of the financial sector that is subject to some form of state guarantee .
A regulator-designed banking system would make that aim more difficult to achieve .
On this view , science also has a quite different , higher aim : understanding the natural world .
Like Bacon , we value utility because it seems to lend credibility to the claims that science makes about the nature of the world -- science is true because it works . But , at the same time , we wo n't allow science to be reduced to practical utility , because that would destroy its intellectual status , as well as the intellectual status of scientists themselves , and would prevent science from giving explanations .
So science must retain its claim to being natural philosophy , too .
The ultimate aim of this research is to find out what intelligent people have and do that enables them to live longer .
Once we know that , we will be able to share and apply that knowledge with the aim of achieving optimal health for all .
The SCO promotes free trade , too , and aims to build essential infrastructure such as roads and railways to link its members and boost commerce between them while also harmonizing customs systems and tariffs .
China , for example , seeks markets for its products and further energy resources , while Russia aims to use the SCO to promote its anti-Western agenda .
Trade unions agreed to moderate wage claims and abandon wage indexation , in exchange for reduced working time and improved prospects for the future .
But Lula can and should follow Kok 's example and use his trade union connections , as well as his rapport with the working class , to achieve a social pact aimed at achieving sustained improvement in Brazil 's overall economic performance and realizing its potential to become Latin America 's economic powerhouse .
Fifth , ensure that such aid moves quickly from short-run humanitarian purposes -- to save lives and feed those giving up war -- to reconstruction activities aimed at creating investment , productivity growth , and the sustainable employment that will enable people to live dignified lives .
While programs in industrial and emerging economies aimed at addressing the financial crisis have been broadly debated at the national and international level , the debate about Afghanistan and Iraq has been narrowly focused on military and security issues , undermining the need for a major effort at effective reconstruction .
For most of the past decade the world has been lectured to by Americans who proclaimed the perfection of the US economy : its focus on competition , loose labor regulation , and a modest social safety net , all of which supposedly delivered dynamism and high growth rates .
Moreover , Obama has joined George W. Bush in claiming executive powers that rival those claimed by Charles II of Britain in the seventeenth century .
Consider the claims -- rampant nowadays in the US -- that further government attempts to alleviate unemployment will fail , because America 's current high unemployment is `` structural '' : a failure of economic calculation has left the country with the wrong productive resources to satisfy household and business demand .
The problem , advocates of this view claim , is a shortage of productive supply rather than a shortage of aggregate demand .
Or consider the claims -- also rampant these days -- that further government attempts to increase demand , whether through monetary policy to alleviate a liquidity squeeze , banking policy to increase risk tolerance , or fiscal policy to provide a much-needed savings vehicle , will similarly fail .
Cameron 's government used to claim that its policies would produce a boom by bringing a visit from the Confidence Fairy that would greatly reduce long-term interest rates and cause a huge surge of private investment spending .
Now it appears to have abandoned that claim in favor of the message that failure to cut will produce disaster .
But the battle to transform the economies of the Middle East -- the only hope of preventing fanaticism from claiming a generation of young unemployed Arabs and Iranians -- is only beginning .
The first claim is , I think , incontrovertible .
I dare anyone to claim that the overwhelming bulk of that disparity springs from causes other than history and the current state of governance .
The second claim is also , I think , true .
This history is worth reviewing because America is poised for another debate over whether its economy evolves or is designed , with President Barack Obama 's opponents claiming that whatever is good in America 's economy has always evolved with no guidance , and that whatever is bad has been designed by government .
Finally , Bernanke claimed that `` the growth fundamentals of the United States do not appear to have been permanently altered by the shocks of the past four years . ''
Indeed , the ECB proclaimed its belief that the stabilization of government-bond prices brought about by such purchases would be only temporary .
The aim clearly has been to sharpen the financial crisis of the social-welfare state and bring about a permanent reduction in government wealth re-distribution .
Ever since George W. Bush took office , America 's annual real GDP growth has averaged 2.3 % -- a pace that would have been acclaimed as normal and satisfactory when George W. Bush 's father or Ronald Reagan was president , but that after the Clinton boom now seems tawdry and sluggish .
Had the Federal Reserve been more aggressive in pushing interest rates down , or had Bush and Congress passed tax cuts aimed at boosting short-term demand and employment , the US economy would have grown at a pace not seen in a generation and a half .
From this perspective , Western Europe appears to have at least as good a claim to the title of `` Good Society '' as does the US .
The past two generations have witnessed the rise of independent central banks whose monetary policy , largely insulated from partisan politics , aims for the maximum possible employment and purchasing power consistent with price stability .
The third reason is bureaucratic capture : just as the principal aim of Bush 's Medicare Drug Benefit bill of 2003 was to boost pharmaceutical company profits , so the Bush administration 's Social Security proposal will most likely be tailored to the interests of Wall Street .
But do n't count on it , especially considering the share of marginal investment in Asia that is aimed , one way or another , at exporting to the American market .
It chose something different entirely : big tax cuts , yes , but tax cuts that were badly designed from a genuine supply-side perspective aimed at boosting growth , as well as Democratic domestic spending priorities , but very badly implemented .
They did n't claim that what he said was inaccurate , or shortsighted , or analytically unsound .
Nominal bonds are not well hedged against inflation , and , over the long run , assets that are claims to cash without effective control are highly vulnerable to financial vultures .
Social-democratic governments have been on the defensive against those who claim that redistributing wealth exacts too high a cost on economic growth , and unable to convince voters to fund yet another massive expansion of higher education .
But the rule is that governments should run surpluses and not deficits , so various American presidents ' economic advisers have been advocates of aiming for budget surpluses except in times of slack demand and threatening depression .
What I do not understand is opposition based on the claim that the stimulus package simply will not work : the government will spend its money , households will receive their tax rebates , and nothing will happen afterwards to boost employment and production .
The aim is to reduce unemployment .
People claim that Greenspan 's Fed `` aggressively pushed interest rates below a natural level . ''
I do not claim that policy in recent years has been ideal .
That would have preserved the functioning of the system while severely punishing the banking and shadow-banking systems ' equity holders , and today nobody would be claiming that their risk management practices were adequate and did not need reform .
Obama 's Republican opponents , who claim that fiscal stimulus can not work , rely on arguments that are incoherent at best , and usually simply wrong , if not mendacious .
Such claims were as wrong then as they are now .
Those who claim that America has a debt problem , and that a debt problem can not be cured with more debt , ignore -LRB- sometimes deliberately -RRB- that private debt and US Treasury debt have been very different animals -- moving in different directions and behaving in different ways -- since the start of the financial crisis .
Thus , policies aimed at boosting employment by the end of , say , this calendar year needed to be put in place about a year ago to have time to have reached their full effect .
As a result , there is now a very strong case to turn the focus of the US economy from measures aimed at increasing demand to measures aimed at boosting employment directly -LRB- without worrying much about whether these measures are efficient in the sense of substantially raising the quantity of goods and services produced -RRB- .
And there is still time for a substantial temporary and incremental new-hire tax credit aimed at getting businesses to boost employment before the end of 2010 .
The Harvard economist Robert Barro , writing in The Wall Street Journal , recently made an intelligent argument against America 's fiscal stimulus . After wading through the drivel of ethics-free Republican hacks and knowledge-free academic hacks who claim , one way or another , that the basic principles of economics make it impossible for government spending decisions to alter the flow of economic activity , reading Barro comes as a great relief .
Finally , Barro assumes that higher spending in 2009-2010 will have to be offset by higher taxes later , claiming that `` the timing of future taxes does not matter . ''
So Barro is simply wrong when he claims that although the stimulus boosts employment now , amortizing the stimulus must inevitably reduce employment at some point in the future .
The aim should be that `` soft power '' instruments like EU development aid and economic partnerships would be linked with a growing sense of political and security outreach to ensure Europe is a global player to be reckoned with .
Sighs of relief greeted EU leaders ' mid-year agreement on a Reform Treaty aimed at overhauling the Union 's decision-making mechanisms , but it is still uncertain whether the new pact will survive the ratification process in 27 countries .
The last emperor of the Tang Dynasty proclaimed seven era names in fourteen years , as he sought in vain to `` re-brand '' his reign and avoid his regime 's demise .
The protest movement that gathered in Tiananmen that year posed an existential threat to the Communist Party state , proclaimed in that very spot 40 years earlier by Mao Zedong .
To speed the process , a new long-term strategy aimed at the underlying factors at work in North Korea -- and in relations with its rulers -- is needed .
One party alone can not represent the other . Nor can one party alone claim to be the legitimate government of Cyprus
Moreover , India can claim a great deal of pride in the fact that the last two presidents were from minority populations -- one from the lowest of castes -LRB- Harijan , formerly referred to as `` untouchables '' -RRB- , and another one from the Muslim community .
Today , little over a decade later , the atmosphere is so poisoned that neither local community leaders nor the local police came forward to protect these monuments or claim them as their own .
Now , fully aware of Obama 's claims for a presidency that will be about the future , Asians are eager to hear about his vision of the Asia-Pacific region and how the US will deal with Asia 's giants -- China and India -- while maintaining strong connections to Japan .
So the headlines proclaim : `` Einstein was right after all , '' as though scientists should be compared as one would clairvoyants : Who is distinguished from the common herd by knowing the unknowable -- such as the outcome of experiments that have yet to be conceived , let alone conducted ?
President Rajapaksa 's predecessors spent years engaged in fruitless talks and ceasefires , during which the guerrillas remained committed to their aim of dividing the country , and making demands for political and socio-economic changes that no democracy could accept , even as they carried on killing and kidnapping .
There are clear parallels between that situation and the way in which the common law has offered little redress to patients who have tried to claim property rights in tissue taken from them , or to activists seeking to limit the powers of Big Biotech over human genetic patents .
Those who oppose genetic patents claim that they also deny US constitutional rights , making this the first time a genetic patent has been challenged on human rights grounds .
Myriad Genetics also has tried to pursue patent rights in Europe , but there its claims have been largely rejected .
But , whatever the merits of the claim that genetic patents benefit research and treatment , that is a practical , rather than a legal , argument .
While the plaintiffs assert that `` genes are identified , not invented , '' the defendants claim that the basis of patent law is precisely the opposite . Their argument is that what is patented is not the gene as it occurs in our bodies , but rather a sort of `` cloned '' version produced in the laboratory .
We know that from such cases as that of John Moore , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
On the other side of the Atlantic , in Guatemala , the United States Public Health Service -LRB- PHS -RRB- is deliberately infecting prisoners and mental patients with syphilis in another `` experiment '' aimed at replacing the ineffective drugs used by soldiers during the war that had just ended .
With this move , the military leaders are putting their sham vote aimed at tightening their repressive grip on power ahead of the well being of the Burmese people .
Indeed , extrapolations of global supply that foresee an increase in uranium mining are based on claims about the ability to expand output in Kazakhstan .
While he claims to be pro-Western , he prefers that extraditions of indicted Serb war criminals to the Hague conform to Serbian law .
Two rulings of the United States Supreme Court this week rejected the sweeping wartime powers claimed by President Bush .
In the case of Yaser Hamdi , the court renounced the Administration 's claim that military authorities could indefinitely hold a U.S. citizen as an `` enemy combatant '' without ever providing him with an opportunity to contest the basis for his detention before a neutral decision maker .
And in a case brought by fourteen foreign nationals , the court cast aside the government 's argument that because the U.S. Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay is nominally under Cuban sovereignty , American courts lack jurisdiction to entertain legal claims brought by persons who had no say in where the U.S. military chose to detain them .
PARIS -- The global economic crisis has claimed many victims -- unemployed workers , underwater homeowners , and bankrupt pensioners -- but nowhere have the repercussions been as devastating as in the developing world .
For each study that finds a significant connection between speculative trading and market volatility , there is at least one that claims the contrary .
Given the important role that commodity futures play for many market participants , regulatory measures should aim at enhancing confidence in the functioning of the market .
Russia is not becoming assertive , aggressive , or imperial , as many observers claim .
We are only claiming what is rightfully ours -- a place in the front row of international relations .
SEATTLE -- The recent pledge of $ 350 million by African leaders and the international community to help the more than 13 million people facing starvation in the Horn of Africa underscores the need for continued attention and funding to prevent this tragedy from claiming and scarring even more lives .
The aim of the ECSC was explicitly political : to remove control of the two most important raw materials for the production of heavy weaponry from states that had just fought the bloodiest war in history .
Was his claim that revenues had grown for the last five years true merely because of acquisitions that his company had made ?
Facts are holy , but not all media that claim to report them , `` new '' or old , can be trusted .
To Google 's credit , if you Google that sentence , you can find reference to a debate on that claim that I took part in recently .
Rather than stand on the sidelines and proclaim censorship evil , it is picking its way through the landmines in China -- competing with a politically well-connected rival and politely letting its users know that they are n't always getting the whole picture .
The French authorities have now taken this approach a step further with the creation of a Fonds stratégique d'investissement -LRB- FSI -RRB- , which aims to protect domestic capital from the predatory designs of foreign investors .
Indeed , China 's rulers have already stated that the new exchange-rate system will aim at maintaining currency stability .
Reforms must aim at making grade school and high school teachers accountable .
If China is serious about elevating the SDR to reserve-currency status , it should take steps to create a liquid market in SDR claims .
Of course , an earlier attempt was made to create a commercial market in SDR-denominated claims .
The Fund could stand ready to buy and sell SDR claims to all comers , private as well as official , at narrow bid\/ask spreads competitive with those for dollars .
Now , we are told , ASEAN +3 has achieved another great breakthrough , the so-called Chiang Mai Initiative Multilateralization -LRB- CMIM -RRB- , aimed at turning its bilateral swaps and credits into a regional reserve pool .
The introduction of the euro in 1999 , it was claimed , would narrow the economic differences between the member countries of the monetary union .
They are making sex slaves of some women , branding some victims like cattle , and maiming and mutilating women and girls , some as young as three years old , by destroying their vaginas and other internal organs .
But the fundamental consequences of the upcoming referendum for Europe need to be clearly impressed upon Irish voters , so that no one can later claim that they did not know what was at stake .
And he eschewed the search for the single `` big bang '' in favor of aiming for multiple breakthroughs .
Macedonia at one point agreed to design a new flag and remove the symbols , as well as to amend its constitution to clarify that it had no territorial claims on Greece , but it flatly refused to live under one of the tongue-twisting names suggested by its bigger neighbor .
In a sense , Russia has behaved like Greece in claiming that NATO enlargement threatens its security .
After months of struggle , Yushchenko rightfully claimed the presidency .
There were always exaggerated claims that bringing in the new members would be a costly affair , just as petty and narrow prejudices blemished the willingness to open up Europe 's borders for `` Polish plumbers . ''
The lesson was clear : `` we achieve our aims by defending our values and leading the forces of freedom . ''
Blogger Peter Guo claims that Twitter got him out of jail .
Putin promises to double Russia 's GDP by 2010 - an ambitious aim , and success would improve democracy 's prospects .
Now Putin claims credit for making Russia the world 's leading producer , ahead of Saudi Arabia .
Putin 's aim was to subject all power to the control of Russia 's security forces .
If the Kremlin claimed credit for the oil - and gas-fired prosperity of the past six years -- prosperity due solely to economic exuberance elsewhere in the world -- the Kremlin should be accountable for the current devastation .
Although he claims that he will not leave politics completely , he now looks like just another oligarch who must choose between capitulation , emigration , and imprisonment .
Nobody is claiming that sovereignty confers immunity ; the shift in the normative consensus is more or less complete .
US Senators John McCain and Joseph Lieberman , for example , have said that the aim must be not only to protect civilians , but also to drive Qaddafi from power .
And he did deliver on a major new arms-reduction treaty with Russia , and hosted a summit aimed at reducing the vulnerability of nuclear weapons and materials to theft or diversion .
The positioning of EU countries on the rings around the core would be transitory , with the aim being to facilitate overall convergence .
China 's March trade deficit indicates , first of all , that it is incorrect to claim that Chinese economic growth depends mainly on exports .
But this can and should be addressed by domestic policies aimed at bringing about structural change , not by external policies like exchange-rate appreciation .
This peculiar arrangement has generated an important result : if migrant workers lose their urban jobs , they retain some income from their land lease and can return to their village and reclaim the land -LRB- normally within one year -RRB- .
China 's new five-year plan for economic and social development , to be implemented starting in 2011 , may address the issue in a meaningful way , by aiming for the establishment of a national , universal , and portable social-security system .
This is one reason why , after Mao Zedong 's communists triumphed in China in 1949 and other Asian nations gained independence , most Asian countries adopted protectionist inward-looking economic policies aimed at building domestic strength , keeping the `` imperialists '' out , and achieving self-reliance .
Israel claims its actions in Gaza and Lebanon are designed to safeguard its own security .
Hezbollah , which claims it is fighting for Lebanese independence and sovereignty , also bears responsibility for unacceptable aggression , placing the lives of innocent Israelis and Lebanese at stake .
Public health workers argue that therapy should be imposed upon patients who are at risk of failing to complete it -- a policy that others claim would violate individual liberty .
Nor is the Fed specifically aiming to lower the dollar 's value .
Although cutting the Federal Funds interest rate from 5.25 % in the summer of 2007 to 3 % now contributes to dollar depreciation , this has been aimed at stimulating a weakening economy .
As long as the US has a current account deficit , the stock of foreign-owned claims on the US economy must rise .
While aimed at reducing long-term environmental damage , cap-and-trade policies could produce significant harmful economic effects in the near term that would continue into the future .
Even if every country has a cap-and-trade system and all aim at the same relative reduction in national CO2 emissions , the resulting permit prices will differ because of national differences in initial CO2 levels and in domestic production characteristics .
The Obama administration has enacted legislation aimed at helping individuals who are having difficulty making their monthly mortgage payments because of a decline in their incomes or a rise in the interest rate on their mortgage .
Bernanke does n't take orders from the US president , and King does n't take orders from the British prime minister -LRB- and it 's not even clear who would claim to tell Trichet what to do -RRB- .
CAMBRIDGE -- American economic policy aims for a dollar that is strong at home and competitive abroad .
Although the United States does not have a formal inflation target , financial markets understand that the Fed aims for an inflation rate close to 2 % .
Instead , the US stresses to foreign governments that an effective global trading system requires not only the removal of formal trade barriers , but also the absence of policies aimed at causing currency values that promote large trade surpluses .
But do n't expect US officials to proclaim that goal openly , or Chinese officials to express their gratitude .
The increase in leverage was driven in part by government policies aimed at expanding home ownership among lower-income groups that have proven unable to afford that life style .
The government 's initial policies aimed at raising aggregate demand focused on major infrastructure spending , including roads and mass transit .
Fortuyn proclaimed purity to be in danger : national culture ripe for a restorative purge .
What sets the new populism apart are these claims to liberal virtues .
Our aim is to show that the war on drugs is lost .
The protests of April 2009 were triggered by the Communist Party 's claim to have won a third consecutive term in power , following an aggressive election campaign with widespread abuses .
It is precisely this ambition that sets Iran apart from North Korea : whereas North Korea seeks nuclear weapons capability in order to entrench its own isolation , Iran is aiming for regional dominance and more .
The policy of isolation coupled with direct negotiations would be strengthened further by a common strategy toward Syria , aimed not at `` regime change , '' but at `` coalition change '' -- that is , drawing Syria away from its close alliance with Iran .
If successful , the bargain should also aim at a total normalization of relations between Iran and the US .
The bad news is that , even under such auspicious conditions , the US , as a world power , will not relinquish its `` free-hand '' policy or forget its strength and its claim to preeminence among nations .
The aim of these negotiations is a comprehensive agreement between Iran and the 5 +1 group that would resolve both the nuclear conflict and address regional security issues -LRB- Iraq , the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , Lebanon , Persian Gulf , Afghanistan -RRB- while opening up extensive international and regional cooperation .
Putin 's claim to great-power status and his great-power policies are structurally very vulnerable .
But Putin is making a big mistake here , because all these aims are unacceptable for the West , and the Kremlin still does n't seem to understand that the best and most effective guarantee of NATO 's existence was , is , and will continue to be an aggressive Russian foreign policy .
The German perspective is thus shifting in the direction of that of France and the United Kingdom : the EU is increasingly seen as a framework and precondition for asserting national interests , rather than as an aim in itself .
Although Ayatollah Khomeini 's revolution of 1979 defined itself as Islamic , at its core it was and remains a national revolution , its most important aim being the nation 's independence from the influence of foreign powers .
Russia 's desire to reclaim its role as a powerful global player is understandable and legitimate .
Every post-World War II government has always been willing to harness Germany 's financial strength to further that aim , i.e. , to foot the bill for Europe .
The French government , on the other hand , fears that the Germans ' commitment to eurozone stability is a ploy aimed at pushing France into a corner and leaving it behind economically .
Are we , as many commentators have argued , witnessing the consequences of the so-called `` neo-Ottoman '' foreign policy of Turkey 's Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- government , which is supposedly aimed at switching camps and returning to the country 's oriental Islamic roots ?
Merkel 's proposals do not reflect a German strategy aimed at leading the EU through this crisis .
While their stated aim was to save the euro , the government leaders involved did exactly the opposite , producing increased nervousness and volatility in financial markets , which in turn exacerbated Ireland 's problems .
How can these far-reaching aims be achieved within the eurozone -LRB- together with non-eurozone EU members that want to join in -RRB- ?
Indeed , whatever resemblance events on Cairo 's Tahrir Square bear to May 1968 in Paris and the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 , it would be premature to proclaim that freedom has prevailed .
The country has lost its credibility with the United Nations and in the Middle East ; its claim to a permanent seat on the Security Council has just been trashed for good ; and one really must fear the worst for Europe .
Instead of the intended radical realignment of power relations in the region , the aim is now to simply maintain the status quo .
If the threat of force -- a force that the US is quite obviously building -- aims at preparing the ground for serious negotiations with Iran , there can and should be no objection .
The occupation tax should also include action aimed at ending the virtual impunity enjoyed by the Israel Defense Force .
People became aware of the need for truly global governance . And , at long last , a number of proposals emerged aimed at making such governance a reality .
Paul Samuelson admits that he agreed to do a conference at Amherst with the sole aim of recruiting Phelps to MIT .
His agenda appears to aim at domestic liberalization -- moving beyond the 35-hour week , ending the special pension regimes accorded to particular professions , increasing incentives to work and gain wealth . But it also seeks protection from the dizzying effects of globalization , which probably will mean strong support for the EU 's Common Agricultural Policy , skepticism toward further trade liberalization and the will to improve European Union 's economic government .
Secondary and higher education are rightly near the top of the agenda list of the new government . But so are measures aimed at harnessing the state to efforts to encourage entrepreneurship and boost economic dynamism such as public guaranties for housing and start-ups , and fiscal rebate for investment in small enterprises .
International lawyers commonly confuse the concepts of necessity and proportionality , claiming that both apply in wars of self-defense .
It displayed a composite picture of an Israeli tank and a soldier taking aim at a defenseless Palestinian .
But claims of `` self-defense '' also find less reputable invocations .
Is there a sensible boundary between sense and nonsense in claiming self-defense ?
Lawyers must seek this distinction , for if we surrender to the rhetorical claims of statesmen and paranoids , the line between aggression and self-defense will disappear .
The better way to make sense of self-defense is to invoke two principles that underlie legal claims of justification in both domestic and international law .
The aggressor must do something that all can see as a dangerous threat by , for example , aiming a guided missile at a country and threatening to use it .
If we look back at irrational claims of individual self-defense -- McVeigh , Amir , and others -- we see that their fears were based on private evidence not shared by more than a small circle of friends and co-conspirators , at most .
This language , in force since July 2002 , arguably applies to official Israeli policies aimed at promoting `` indirect transfer '' by providing financial incentives to voluntary settlers .
For six years , the voices of reason have largely been drowned out , with passions and delusions claiming primacy .
Would it be possible to detect in advance clandestine activity aimed at producing one , and , if so , what would Iran have to pledge in the matter of inspections and checks , and how might such pledges be obtained ?
This tendency at times of economic downturn suggests that SWFs are not the long-term , stable shareholders of foreign firms that they -LRB- and some commentators -RRB- claim themselves to be .
First , we have seen multiple examples of domestic investments by SWFs clearly aimed at sustaining and stabilizing domestic economies .
Soon , he set out to build `` a systematic mathematical biology , similar in its structure and aims to mathematical physics . ''
His model , which he admitted was `` a simplification and an idealization , '' aimed to highlight the `` features of greatest importance '' in an embryo 's development .
The net effect could be a new disciplinary culture that transforms the aims , methods , and epistemological basis of research .
The G-7 was small enough to be workable , but too small to claim legitimacy .
The United Nations is big enough to claim legitimacy , but too big to be workable .
Although the approach to interest rate management by the two central banks has claimed the most attention , the different styles of each in their interventions in global currency markets bears watching because of their impact on growth .
Just as the post-1945 Marshall Plan consisted of a financial-aid package aimed at reconstructing and re-launching Western Europe 's economies to support democratic transformation and political stability , the countries of the Arab Spring face similar challenges and needs .
This is why Italy has proposed a new EU `` Plan for the Mediterranean '' aimed at supporting the transition process and building upon existing institutional and financial tools to provide the region with additional resources .
At the same time , the EU must launch a `` dialogue among equals '' on political and security matters , aimed at confidence-building across the region .
This is the goal of the Structural Genomic Variation Consortium 's Copy Number Variation Project , which aims at providing researchers the most comprehensive list and characterization of CNVs in humans .
Libya Calling VALLETTA , MALTA -- The recent signing in Tripoli of `` a comprehensive claims settlement '' between the United States and Libya marks a new beginning not only in US-Libya relations , but between Libya and the rest of the world .
Their aim is to discourage trading that pushes prices further away from the range and to encourage trading that helps to bring them back .
If , as Huntington implies , the rights that we claim in the West emerged uniquely from the political crisis of European Christianity after the Protestant Reformation , what is to stop other societies from appealing to their own local traditions to deny these rights ?
What originally entitled a university to corporate status under Roman law was its pursuit of aims that transcend the personal interests of any of its current members .
Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher notoriously proposed that the field simply does not exist : there is no such thing as society , she claimed .
Consider the Korean scientist Hwang Woo-suk , whose claim to have extracted stem cells from human embryos that he cloned turned out to be based on phony research .
This enabled Lomborg to appeal the verdict , successfully , claiming that the Committee had victimized him for political reasons , given his recent appointment as director of a major national institute for environmental research .
Many so-called frauds are cases in which researchers claimed credit for work they have not really carried out , but that pointed in the right direction and was eventually completed by others .
Wikipedia embodies a democratic medievalism that does not respect claims to personal expertise in the absence of verifiable sources .
It results from academics and funders collaborating on projects that aim to increase the competitive advantage of each in their respective domains .
China is also working on `` connectivity '' projects -- namely , a rail and highway network -- aimed at boosting economic and social ties between China and the ASEAN countries .
Never mind that by the second half of 2003 , it had become obvious that the government intended to use legal means -- in the form of massive tax claims -- to destroy the company .
More and more tax claims are being produced , and not only against Yukos .
Tax claims against the telecommunications company Vympelkom -LRB- one of Russia 's leading firms , and the first to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 90 years -RRB- send an unambiguous signal to investors : no one is safe .
This property , it now seems , could be reclaimed by the state at any moment .
The good news , then , is that there are far fewer people who seriously want to see a fascist regime in Russia than the government claims .
Other policy moves aimed at boosting demand in the housing and auto market also proved effective .
Instead , they adopted counter-cyclical measures aimed at preventing the economy from overheating .
Each side , however , publicly insists that it has the legitimate claim to the entire state .
Patients ' informed consent usually does not provide a clear description of a non-inferiority trial , and the lack of added value indicates that in many cases the development of a new drug is driven by commercial aims rather than patients ' needs .
This so-called `` off-label '' use is sustained by continuous propaganda aimed not only at doctors , but also directly at the public .
Countries claiming to have reached the limit of what they can do really mean that they have reached the limit of what they can do on their own .
Serbia 's claim to Kosovo is , to Serbs , far stronger than Russia 's claim to Chechnya , China 's to Xinjiang , India 's to Kashmir -LRB- a claim still disputed by Pakistan -RRB- , and the Philippines ' to the island of Mindanao .
Muslim-majority Indonesia lost its Catholic-majority East Timor through Western political intervention , but its claims to East Timor were tenuous , as it only invaded the island a few decades ago .
It would aim to spread throughout the country the successful model developed in Zulia whereby students from poor backgrounds are admitted to local private universities as a result of schemes drawn up with the regional government .
In Russia 's recent parliamentary elections , which were - regardless of various reservations - conducted according to democratic standards , parties advocating political and economic freedom suffered painful defeat , while parties proclaiming hostility to the rule of law and modern pluralist democracy were successful .
First , almost no one disputes the claim that democracy serves the cause of peace , but little is being done to make democracy - together with human rights - a basis of the international order .
The aim is to leave to Germany 's successors in the EU presidency -- Slovenia , Portugal , and France -- a roadmap for future reform .
Egypt can reclaim Arab leadership only if it guides the region in the quest for cultural renaissance , liberalism , democracy , educational reform , and economic development .
In countries like Greece , Finland , Italy , and Portugal , joining the single currency ran against the interests of some industrialists , who viewed the devaluation of the national currency as preferable to better but tougher choices aimed at maintaining and improving competitiveness .
The claim sounded credible until the subsequent survey showed that the area 's crude mortality rate had actually risen to six times the normal base rate .
For example , immigrants to the US contribute more than half of the patents and Silicon Valley start-ups . They also contribute more in tax than they claim through social-welfare benefits or other payments .
Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov does not even bother to hide his skepticism about the necessity of such a reorientation . `` In my view , '' he proclaims , `` it is still premature to speak of the specific content of changes to Russia 's defense priorities and to the functions and tasks of its armed forces in connection with the threat of international terrorism . ''
After the Beslan tragedy , Putin offered an exotic explanation of terrorism : the terrorists , he claimed , are instruments in the hands of those who still fear Russia as a nuclear power .
Whenever Russia applies pressure , he immediately starts yelling about Moscow 's `` ingratitude '' -- proclaiming that `` 10,000,000 Belarusians protect Russia from NATO 's tanks . ''
Amos Oz , one of Israel 's best known writers , claims that the current Palestinian-Israeli war is actually two wars : an `` unjust '' war against Israel and the Jews to establish a fundamentalist Islamic state in an `` Arab Palestine , '' and the Palestinian people 's `` just '' war for an independent state worthy of the name .
Israelis can not dominate another people and live in a democratic state in keeping with Zionist ideals unless they `` free '' themselves of the territories and aim at the coexistence of two states with recognized borders and good neighborly relations .
Claims that they lack the needed resources ring hollow , as trillions of dollars were found to bail out banks in the financial crisis .
So Russia 's claim to being a central element in Eurasian security , on par with the US and the European Union , is not the blustering of a spent Leviathan .
US unemployment figures released the Friday before the terrorists struck showed a sharp increase in new benefit claimants , reinforcing fears that consumers would soon retrench , and so tip the economy into recession .
One possibility is that Putin is not sincere about his aim of doubling Russia 's GDP in a decade .
Much evidence points to the affair originating not in a systematic nationalization project , but rather in the Kremlin 's perception that Khodorkovsky aimed to use his wealth to privatize the Russian state itself .
The massive tax claims against Yukos used for this purpose were precisely that -- the means rather than the end .
As it is , even Roman Abramovich 's Sibneft -- potentially the most vulnerable company due to its oligarch ownership and its use of the same tax minimization schemes that were the undoing of Yukos -- merely faces a preliminary claim for back taxes .
In contrast to Yukos , the claim does not exceed the company 's cash on hand and so poses no threat to its existence .
So the interpretation that best fits the facts so far is that the political aim of separating Khodorkovsky and Menatep from Yukos led in practice to nationalization , but that this was not the underlying goal .
On the basis of donor countries making long-term -- say , over 15 years -- rather than annual commitments , the aim is to raise from international capital markets an extra $ 50 billion per year between now and 2015 .
This means that the US is about to repeat its `` Kyoto experience . '' Twenty years ago , in 1990 , the US participated -LRB- at least initially -RRB- in the first global talks aimed at achieving a global accord to reduce CO2 emissions .
The meetings are aimed at creating the impression that the world 's leaders are still working on a solution to the problem .
A self-sustaining recovery is , of course , possible , but it presupposes a massive structural adjustment aimed at restoring US competitiveness in global markets .
After all , the claim that the risk of loss will arise only for debt issued after the new crisis-resolution mechanism starts in 2014 implies that all debt issued until then is safe , and that insolvency can occur only in some distant future , rather than now , as in Greece and Ireland .
This is the key aim of the Euro -LRB- pean -RRB- Monetary Fund -LRB- EMF -RRB- , which Thomas Mayer and I have proposed , and which has been put on the Union table for discussion by German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schauble , among others .
In return for offering the exchange against a haircut , the EMF would acquire the claims against the defaulting country , which would then receive any additional funds from the EMF only for specific purposes that the EMF approves .
It is possible that at some point the Arabs will agree among themselves that the creation of a Palestinian state that claims to be committed to peaceful coexistence with Israel will be a useful tactic .
He likes to proclaim , `` I 'm only a football player . I 'm no role model for anyone . ''
Maradona has been condemned to lie naked in front of millions of his fans , and his country has been condemned to pursue and reclaim him with its suffocating passion .
Some officials claim that Cristina will bring in a new era of higher institutional quality .
So did their arrogant claim that they alone understood `` political Europe , '' and would therefore sew up deals -- like that on agriculture in October 2002 -- bilaterally .
Yet the declared American aim of building a Muslim democracy in Iraq will only enhance Turkey 's symbolic importance as a role model .
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's reaction summed up the Turkish sentiment : `` These bombs aim to destroy the peace and stability in our country .
Private health insurance has proved enormously wasteful , with large administrative expenditures on activities that include developing insurance packages , marketing those packages , and assessing claims .
The African Union is now aiming at pooling all the continent 's currencies into a single currency by 2028 .
The aim must be to create an environment in which terrorism is seen as neither acceptable nor necessary .
Both countries should commit themselves to a diplomatic resolution of competing claims to offshore resources .
The victor will almost surely endorse a new diplomatic initiative aimed at ending Iran 's independent ability to enrich uranium .
We have learned the hard way that closed political systems breed resentment and extremism aimed against the interests of America , the West , and , indeed , the entire world .
The two conflicts have claimed more than 6,000 American lives , cost more than $ 1 trillion , and consumed countless hours for two presidents and their senior staff .
While conservatism may claim a majority of the `` Arab street '' -LRB- and the Persian street -RRB- , this does not mean that violence and terrorism will inevitably rule the region .
Now , the largest banks are claiming significant increases in non-performing property loans , while the glut of new industrial capacity implies that some firms may not have adequate profits to service their debts .
The US has been lobbying China for some time for economic policy changes aimed at stimulating domestic demand and open markets .
What is certain today is that the common European vision of a movement toward centrist politicians , like former French President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing , and political theorists ' claims that the emergence of large middle classes leads to centrist , non-ideological politics , is not valid in times of crisis , when extremist traditions re-surface .
But what is remarkable nowadays about populist leaders who claim to `` clean up the mess '' of corruption and moral decadence in the name of virtue and tradition , is that their ideology comes in so many different political colors .
In the West , occultism emerged in response to the Enlightenment 's faith in science , helped by a number of medical professionals who claimed that vampires actually existed .
To a certain extent , this was valid : Although NATO harbored no aggressive intentions -- and , indeed , was unwilling even to help those European countries that were invaded militarily by their Soviet `` ally '' -- it made no secret of its aim to contain communism and of its perception of the Soviet Union as its strategic adversary .
Yet , as a citizen of a European postcommunist country , I must admit that when I listen to the mantra-like claims about our Western affiliation , the Western direction of our policies , and the obligation of Western organizations , such as NATO and the EU , to offer us speedy admission , I often feel somewhat uncomfortable . There is an implied tone underlying this rhetoric that I find disturbing .
While revolutions in the late 1980 's and early 1990 's were directed against totalitarian communist regimes , nowadays they aim to get rid of this mafia-type post-communism .
These charges need to be investigated if President Medvedev 's claims to want a society based on the rule of law are not to ring hollow .
By doing so , a consensus was reversed that aimed to reduce the presidency 's powers and move toward a more parliamentary system .
Meanwhile , the administration of President Yanukovych proclaims its willingness to join the EU , but has failed to introduce the changes needed to meet the qualifying criteria .
The bomber was Abdullah Asiri , a Saudi citizen and Al-Qaeda member who had returned from Yemen , claiming to have renounced terrorism and wishing to surrender directly to Prince Muhammad in his palace .
Saudi Arabia , a self-proclaimed bulwark of Islamic conservatism , where popular democracy has never been considered a legitimate form of rule , has been more aggressive in some arenas than in others .
The House of Saud has a long historical claim on rule in Arabia , and its promise of stability remains key to its durability .
The notion that a dictator can claim the sovereign right to abuse his people has become unacceptable .
Yet , for decades , neither the parties nor any of the many peace mediators have been able to claim the prize .
This gap is beginning to close as NATO begins to deploy assets , such as attack helicopters , aimed more directly and boldly at the real goal of removing Qaddafi from power .
Indeed , such major carmakers as Toyota , Honda , Daimler , General Motors , and Hyundai\/Kia are deep into plans for commercial production of cars powered by hydrogen fuel cells .
Honda showed a prototype fuel cell car assembly line last year ; Daimler already launched one this year ; Hyundai\/Kia plans to have one by 2012 , and Toyota , probably the biggest player , by 2015 , with small outputs initially , by the thousands later , and increasing steeply after that .
They claim that constitutionalism and due process , if meticulously followed , reduce the government 's `` flexibility '' in devising ways to prevent terrorist attacks .
Restricting criminal liability to actual perpetrators , carefully excluding clansmen and kin , is a fragile historical innovation aimed at interrupting spirals of bloody inter-communal violence .
For Pakistan 's General Pervez Musharaf , Mohammed 's apprehension is a mixed bag : it gained a pat on the back from Mr. Bush but simultaneously revealed the falsity of General Musharaf 's claims that Pakistan is largely Al-Qaida free .
But to make it absolutely certain , Kahuta issued glossy brochures aimed at `` classified organizations . ''
Musharraf defends the military acquisitions , claiming that they are economically efficient , and angrily dismisses criticism as the ranting of unpatriotic Pakistani pseudo-intellectuals .
Likewise , according to the Pakistani ambassador in Washington , military strikes by the United States aimed at al-Qaeda and Taliban havens inside Pakistan 's tribal areas would destabilize Pakistan and `` possibly could bring -LRB- General Pervez Musharraf -RRB- down . ''
In one of their many forays outside the seminary , this burqa brigade swooped upon a house , which they claimed was a brothel , and kidnapped three women and a baby .
Yet malnutrition in mothers and their young children will claim 3.5 million lives this year .
The Flour Fortification Initiative aims to fortify 70 % of roller mill wheat flour with iron and folic acid by the end of 2008 .
This was the stagnant context in which Iraq embarked on its military expansionism in 1991 , aimed at the occupation of Kuwait .
Despite trying to annex an Arab neighbor , Saddam was able to claim the nationalist mantle against the Americans .
Production of steel , cement , chemicals , paper , and aluminum alone account for nearly half of China 's energy needs and generate nearly half of the air pollution that claims over 300,000 lives and costs the economy close to $ 100 billion each year .
Until 2000 , the government tended more to rely on the advice of the OSCE , but even since 2001 , it has tried to buttress its position by claiming that it gets along better than ever with the OSCE and its mission .
CAMBRIDGE -- The lack of democracy in the Arab world results from an unholy alliance between Western interests and local autocrats , justified by what both sides claim to be the region 's `` cultural specificity . ''
News broadcasts covered his continued insistence that he did not forge his ticket , along with the lottery center 's claims that their rejection of the ticket was legitimate .
But for Europeans who claim equal status with NATO for the EU 's Common Foreign and Security Policy , this is the time to put up or shut up .
This month 's elections in Iraq and for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority may be claiming all the world 's headlines , but another potentially far-reaching ballot is also underway , albeit to far less acclaim : the registration process for the municipal elections in Saudi Arabia in mid-February .
The vast majority of these initial research claims would yield only spurious findings .
Other policies aimed at mitigating climate change also have positive effects on health .
Optimists are proclaiming that variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease -LRB- CJD -RRB- , the human form -- always fatal -- of bovine spongiform encephalopathy -LRB- BSE -RRB- , or `` Mad Cow Disease , '' is on the wane .
By far the most widely used instrument are anti-dumping duties aimed at imposing some restraint on companies that behave in an anti-competitive way .
After all , is it not premature -- if not plainly arrogant - to claim that all this evidence collected over many centuries and across numerous countries has lost any meaning for the present and the future ?
The ECB has never claimed that its strategy is the ultimate solution to the challenges monetary policy is confronted with .
And , just as important , reforms aimed at ensuring greater flexibility of markets still lag behind what is needed to exploit fully the advantages of the single monetary policy .
To be fair , McCain never suggested that US troops will wage 100 years of war , as some of his critics claim .
Though much of the violence in Iraq over the past six years has been random , aimed at soft targets such as markets and restaurants , its nature changed last summer .
Like Japan in the 1980 's , China must defend itself from US claims that the renminbi 's weakness is the source of the imbalances between the two countries .
Yankee Bases Go Home RIO DE JANEIRO -- Last month , the leaders of all 12 countries of South America -LRB- except one -RRB- gathered in Quito , Ecuador 's capital , for the summit of the Union of South American Nations . UNASUR or UNASUL -LRB- depending on whether one speaks Spanish or Portuguese -RRB- was established by the twelve presidents in Brasília in May 2008 with the aim of furthering economic and political integration .
He claimed that the `` Winds of war are blowing , '' and that the announcement of the military agreement `` can transform itself into a tragedy . ''
If Obama wants to encourage moderate and democratic politics in South America , and to bolster Brazil 's efforts to foster stability and economic progress against the region 's radical and undemocratic forces , it must take greater care in not appearing to undermine those the US claims to support .
Its judgment recognized that the claimants raised `` a number of serious arguments , '' and that the education system in Ostrava perpetuated racial segregation .
In the eighteenth century , Voltaire constructed an analogous argument , claiming that religion 's major virtue was its social usefulness .
Microsoft 's critics have complained endlessly about this , claiming that the browser 's integration into the operating system drove out inherently superior software solutions .
The first type aims at an institutional reordering , so that inefficiencies and perverse incentives are removed , and the economy functions more smoothly and efficiently .
It is in times of crisis that Utopian ideas about ways of guaranteeing human happiness flourish , often claiming some scientific basis .
But such apparently attractive strategies aimed at making better people turn out to be exclusionary -- and based on rather arbitrary testing .
Conventional wisdom claims that incumbent parties and politicians are punished by voters in times of economic distress . Throughout the campaign there was never any doubt about the position or tpopularity of Chancellor Angela Merkel .
Even more extraordinarily , when these new currencies emerged as the new claimants to reserve status , they had only recently become convertible for current-account transactions , and capital flows were still restricted . Germany had moved to current-account convertibility in 1958 , but Japan only in 1964 .
Indeed , financial stress tests -- designed to estimate the likelihood of bank failures in the event of bad economic news -- are intended to be the equivalent of cardiac stress tests . And , like most cardiac stress tests , the primary aim is to reassure .
It stated that interventions aimed at objectives inconsistent with economic fundamentals were futile and counter-productive .
In the Machiavellian tradition , lying is sometimes justified by reference to the higher needs of political statecraft , and sometimes by the claim that the state , as an embodiment of the public good , represents a higher level of morality .
The economic variant of Machiavellianism is as powerful as the claim that political untruth can be virtuous .
The finance minister claims that there is no `` structural inflation . ''
Even US President Franklin Roosevelt jovially slapped his thigh when Reichsbank President Hjalmar Schacht told him that Nazi Germany would default on its external loans , including those owed to American banks , exclaiming , `` Serves the Wall Street bankers right ! ''
Our aim should be to invent financial mechanisms for segmenting and spreading risk , so that one bad case no longer has the potential to destroy the whole system .
Much of the world began to turn away from the American way of doing business . Europeans and Asians claimed with renewed vigor that their capitalist model involved a greater commitment to long-term values and a long-term vision .
Enron aimed at getting a dominant position as the premier energy trader . Parmalat wanted to do the same for the long-life milk market .
Its strong point is that it aims to be there in the future , while a company with a more flexible ownership structure may more easily disappear .
During World War II , Britain took advantage of this , and Argentina , Egypt , and India , in particular , built up huge claims on sterling , although it was an unattractive currency .
A leftover Soviet distrust of outsiders colors many opinions , and there 's an oft-repeated claim that the culture is different : an intervention that works in the West might fail in the East .
China 's government has blocked Liu 's wife , the acclaimed photographer Liu Xia , from participating by keeping her under virtual house arrest in Beijing .
This year also marks the 50th anniversary of the Great Leap Forward , when 20-40 million Chinese died of starvation , as well as the tenth anniversary of the government 's ban on Falun gong , an organization of self-claimed religious and meditation practitioners that has challenged the Communist Party 's legitimacy .
China will want to flex its muscles and proclaim to the world that the Party has delivered the goods to its people , while making the country strong and prosperous .
China 's critics argue that its claims to a peaceful rise are not credible , given the country 's non-democratic , one-party system .
Arms sales to Taiwan , Tibetan activism , and `` color revolutions '' of various kinds are all sponsored by the US and other Western powers , and are aimed at weakening China .
The Party 's aim is to ensure that it remains energetic and dynamic as China rises .
The first is comprehensive tax reform aimed at aligning tax policy with desirable economic incentives .
Such a tax , moreover , would aim to eliminate the funding advantage that large banks enjoy over their smaller competitors , while limiting the incentive for big banks to become even bigger .
The trick was to offer banks the opportunity to swap their claims on -LRB- insolvent -RRB- Latin American countries into long-maturity , low-coupon bonds that were collateralized with US Treasuries .
As a result , emerging-market countries , aiming to ensure that they avoid needing financial support from the IMF in the foreseeable future , are increasingly following China 's lead and trying to ensure that they , too , run current-account surpluses .
To be sure , no serious people are claiming the full Reagan effect today -- partly because the Congressional Budget Office has kept everyone honest by showing in detail that the tax cuts will increase the deficit by close to $ 900 billion .
In December , the Republican minority on the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission -LRB- FCIC -RRB- , weighed in with a preemptive dissenting narrative . According to this group , misguided government policies , aimed at increasing homeownership among relatively poor people , pushed too many into taking out subprime mortgages that they could not afford .
But the consequences of any default would , ironically , actually increase the size of government relative to the US economy -- the very outcome that Republican intransigents claim to be trying to avoid .
They are advocating a policy that would have dire effects , and that would accomplish the opposite of what they claim to want , because a default would immediately make the government more , not less , important .
In particular , regulators have no chance to look over the horizon and act preventively when markets are opaque , and when powerful Wall Street interests -LRB- and their Capitol Hill allies -RRB- can circle the wagons and claim that there is no problem .
Let 's hope that by then he will have helped move the consensus permanently among his colleagues -- preparing the ground for further congressional action aimed at a serious tightening of safeguards over the financial sector .
Besides the generosity of benefits , there is the issue of when one can first claim them .
Many of McNamara 's critics assert -- rightly , I think -- that he stopped short of full understanding , that he sought to hold fast to claims of noble intentions that the record could not sustain .
Going on to accuse Soros of creating a shadow government in the US , the show claims that this `` greatly resembles '' similar organizations that `` he has created in other countries '' supposedly `` before instigating a coup . ''
One would think that a self-proclaimed conservative like Beck would support that sort of activity .
If the nations of North Africa are to succeed in meeting the needs and expectations of their peoples , policymakers must draw the appropriate lessons from the past -- and aim to get it right this time around .
On March 14 , 2008 , the Chief Public Prosecutor opened an investigation aimed at shutting down the AKP on the grounds that it was intent on violating the constitutional ban on promoting religion .
His philosophy of non-violence was aimed at the most basic form of human aggression : the appetite for more than one 's share .
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi seems to grasp much of this , and so is undertaking discussions on security and defense that aim to help revise the `` National Defense Program Outline . ''
At the same time , he indicated his intention to advance diplomacy aimed at strengthening the solidarity among Asian nations , founded on `` the Japan-US alliance for the world and for Asia . ''
Moreover , although the current assistants ' authority is limited , Abe plans to submit legislation aimed at strengthening the prime minister 's office , including an amendment of the cabinet law .
But it is also the responsibility of the government to prepare a detailed and realistic policy aimed at securing the necessary level of defense capability in the event of unforeseen threats .
The navy is to shift its focus away from the anti-submarine warfare -LRB- ASW -RRB- capability of the Cold War era , creating a structure aimed at defending islands , monitoring and responding to ballistic missiles , and combating illegal spy ship activities .
Now they claim to have manufactured nuclear weapons for self-defense .
What lay behind the declaration was the regime 's recognition that a second-term Bush administration would not soften its demand for a complete repudiation of its nuclear program , but would instead continue to pursue policies aimed at isolating and stifling North Korea .
Rather , North Korea 's aim was to postpone the six-party talks as long as possible in order to force direct bilateral negotiations with the US , in which it would presumably extract energy assistance and other aid while demanding a security guarantee for `` Dear Leader '' Kim Jong-il .
In the 1960 's , as its economic takeoff was proceeding , Japan initiated a serious dialogue with regional players , aiming to build stronger relations with countries that it had once conquered and occupied .
If Bulgaria sends this man back to Turkmenistan -- where he faces certain torture and the threat of a brutal death -- our claim to be part of a democratic , rights-respecting Europe will ring hollow .
To reject nuclear weapons and strive for their elimination is , no doubt , a moral aim , at least in the abstract .
After all , the mere possession of nuclear weapons , even if aimed at each other , does not turn countries into enemies .
Civilians have become the main victims of a strategy aimed at undermining the guerrillas , which has resulted in forced labor , the use of human minesweepers , and massive relocations of entire villages .
Experts would remind us that Kazakhstan had never been a country , and that Ukrainian claims to independence are historically dubious .
Each claims to be acting with the Supreme Leader 's full authority , but ultimately are unable to make commitments because they have little idea of what Khamenei wants to do .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Though Saudi Ambassador Adel al-Jubeir is alive and well in Washington , the plot to assassinate him may have succeeded -- if its aim was not to kill al-Jubeir , but rather Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's foreign policy .
Pizzeria Venezia proclaimed a sign with a carving of a gondola .
Despite Communists ' self-proclaimed `` divine right '' to a monopoly on power , other systems have proven far more vulnerable to monarchist seizures .
Yeltsin aimed for the same goal .
Of course , images that recall Hitler 's goose-stepping storm troopers are the last thing that China 's leaders have in mind for their Olympics ; after all , official Chinese nationalism proclaims the country 's `` peaceful rise '' within an idyll of `` harmonious development . ''
Athletic imagery -- used to brilliant effect in Leni Riefenstahl 's acclaimed documentary -- appeared to create a link between the Nazis and the ancient Greeks , and to confirm the Nazi myth that Germans and German civilization were the true heirs to the `` Aryan '' culture of classical antiquity .
While designing the master plan for the Beijing Games , Speer Jr. , an acclaimed architect and town planner , also sought , like his father , to create a futuristic global metropolis .
But now we have returned to an aesthetic of political mesmerization , reflected in the host government 's declared aim that China should win more gold medals than any country before .
In today 's supposedly free and democratic Russia , however , Solzhenitsyn is idealized for his nationalism and Orthodox messianism , his contempt for the West 's supposed decadence , all messages that Putin 's regime proclaims loudly and daily .
Kolakowski , modern Poland 's most acclaimed philosopher , quickly learned that mendacity was the true building block of Communism , and he withdrew from it in horror .
Upon assuming the presidency in 2008 , Medvedev proclaimed : `` We must achieve a true respect for law , and overcome the legal nihilism that is hampering modern development . '' And , in a much discussed newspaper article entitled `` Russia Forward , '' he declared , `` Should we continue to drag into the future our primitive raw-materials economy , endemic corruption , and inveterate habit of relying on the state to solve our problems ?
In the tragedy that claimed the lives of Polish President Lech Kaczynski and 95 other Polish leaders , we can answer that question with certainty in at least one respect : history is to blame .
MOSCOW -- In a recent interview , Russia 's President Dmitri Medvedev proclaimed that he wants a second term in office following the 2012 election , but that he would not run against Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , who put him in power in the first place .
I have always been puzzled by the naïveté of analysts , in Russia and abroad , who believed that Putin would never be so bold as to make a mockery of Russia 's electoral system by reclaiming the presidency .
Then you try some more , in a different way , aiming all the while for some small progress that makes the next step possible .
Recognizing that global recovery depends on the emerging economies -- that is , the developing world -- G-20 leaders embraced investments aimed at lifting the world 's most vulnerable people out of poverty .
The Millennium Village Project , a partnership of academia , business , and UN agencies , aims to show how these goals can be achieved in even the poorest communities in the world .
The world would also welcome a resumption of bilateral negotiations between the US and Russia aimed at deep and verifiable reductions of their arsenals .
We aim to deepen our political dialogue , increase our trade , and multiply our people-to-people contacts with our neighbors in the form of sports , tourism , and cultural actvities .
Turkey is belatedly engaging with the Middle East by mediating conflicts , developing economic relations , and liberalizing the movement of people , all initiatives aimed at promoting regional peace , prosperity , and openness .
I am convinced that this is a misguided strategy -- not only because of the uncertainty about the dangers that global warming might pose , but also because of the certainty of the damage that these proposed policies aimed at mitigation will impose .
It is claimed that government , working together with business , will create `` a new energy economy , '' that the businesses involved will profit , and that everyone will be better off .
The policy change aimed at rectifying this grim reality in Serbia came when the Ministry agreed to apply country wide a pilot project that has , since 2003 , established a range of community-based support services to enable persons with intellectual disabilities to leave the institutions where they were confined and begin living lives in the wider world .
We must train students and practitioners in critical self-reflection on that which limits their care-giving ; in strategies and techniques aimed at opening a space for the moral acts of care-giving ; and in the most concrete and practical acts of assistance , so that they never forget what care-giving actually means .
Those advocating for harm reduction accept that drugs have always been a part of human history and aim to decrease the damage caused by their production and use .
Nchama 's appointment represents a clear break with the past , and he claims he will be the man to shake things up .
Indeed , the practice undermines America 's claim to moral leadership in international human rights , and probably contributed to the recent stunning loss of its seat on the UN Human Rights Commission .
Tension between Japan and China -- which claims the islands -- immediately soared .
TOKYO -- For 30 years after World War II 's end , Vietnam claimed the global spotlight .
Maintaining the world 's fifth-largest army in a perpetual state of combat readiness is crushingly expensive for one of its poorest countries , with the military budget claiming an estimated one-third of GDP .
Because North Korea does not repay loans , it can not borrow money ; because it reneges on deals , it drives away potential partners ; and , because it aims for autarky , it can not specialize or exploit its comparative advantages .
From its refusal to condemn North Korea 's unprovoked sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan and shelling of South Korean islands , to its claims of sovereignty over various Japanese , Vietnamese , Malay , and Filipino archipelagos and newly conjured claims on India 's province of Arunachal Pradesh , China has revealed a neo-imperial swagger .
America 's historical opposition to hegemony in Asia -- included as a joint aim with China in the Shanghai Communiqué of 1972 -- remains valid .
Most immediately , Kim 's aim is to pressure Barack Obama 's administration into weakening the US-led sanctions against North Korea , having evidently decided that his dynasty has no future so long as the sanctions remain in place .
Indeed , when Japan provided relief to the countries hit by the Sumatra earthquake in 2004 , which claimed 250,000 lives , it was keenest to promote an early warning system for tsunamis .
As for Japan , once the initial economic panic subsides , bipartisan agreement will be necessary to design and approve a budget aimed at bringing about the quickest possible recovery .
Since the accident at Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant in March , Kan has aimed at lifting the bans that many countries have imposed on imports of Japanese agricultural products , and so offered the two heads of state cherries from Fukushima in a bid to highlight their safety .
The South China Sea , for example , is now churning with competing claims to its islands , atolls , and sea bed , including China 's bold assertion that all of it is Chinese sovereign territory .
But the scope of Chinese claims doomed that agreement from the start ; indeed , China now insists that the sea constitutes a core national interest , on a level with Taiwan and Tibet , for which it is prepared to fight .
The Chinese navy , it is now believed , is trying to achieve that very aim .
There is a precedent for this : when the US closed Subic Bay Naval Base and Clark Air Force Base in the Philippines , the Chinese military immediately stepped up its activity around the Spratly Islands , which are recognized as Filipino territory but which China is claiming vehemently .
China claims that it is entitled to play a role in setting the rules that govern the international system .
Offstage at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations -LRB- ASEAN -RRB- summit in Hanoi , Clinton challenged Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi over Beijing 's claim that its ownership of the Spratly Islands in the South China Sea was now a `` core interest . ''
Rejecting this , Clinton proposed that the US help establish an international mechanism to mediate the overlapping claims of sovereignty between China , Taiwan , the Philippines , Vietnam , Indonesia , and Malaysia that now exist in the South China Sea .
And China not only proclaimed Clinton 's intervention over the South China Sea islands an `` attack , '' but also held unscheduled naval maneuvers in the Yellow Sea in advance of the US-South Korean exercise .
Unless China demonstrates that it can reach peaceful accommodations in its sovereignty disputes with its neighbors , its claims to a `` peaceful rise '' will appear unconvincing not only in Washington , but in capitals across Asia .
North Korean propagandists proclaim Kim Jong-eun `` the Young General , '' but whether he will exercise the same absolutist authority as his father is an open question .
And Europe can not hope to achieve its aims with technical programs alone .
Finally , while Europe 's left may be boastfully proclaiming in Katrina 's wake , `` Thank God for our social solidarity , '' there is considerable doubt even about what `` our '' actually means .
Even though they were already resigned to a 25-basis-point rate increase , the politicians made a big show of being opposed to it , aiming to prevent what they really feared and what was certainly more warranted : a 50-basis-point hike and a warning of more on the way .
`` The EU is on autopilot , in stalemate , in deep crisis , '' claims Joschka Fischer , the former German foreign minister and an important voice in Europe .
The Myth of Decoupling PALO ALTO , CALIF. &#45; &#45; The fact that America 's economy is slowing is bad news for Europeans , regardless of claims that Europe 's economy has successfully decoupled itself from the United States .
Trichet even had to rescind the rate hike he had signaled for September , though he still claims the increase has been merely postponed , not abandoned .
Besides being at odds with reality , the claim of strong growth actually encourages the trade unions to ask for even higher wages .
And why should n't they if things are as good as Trichet claims ?
Martti Ahtisaari , the former Finnish President and Nobel laureate , who could claim to be the father of the Kosovan nation , dismisses the idea out of hand .
We feel an especially strong sense of urgency as we approach the deadline of 2015 for achieving the Millennium Development Goals , which aim to reduce extreme poverty , hunger , and child mortality .
Many hopes throughout the world are now directed toward President Barack Obama , who enters his presidency with a moral claim that is extraordinarily high for a politician .
Finally a ceasefire must be supported by round-the-clock negotiations -LRB- preferably in secret with top-level US involvement -RRB- aimed at ending the basic reason for the violence -- the occupation of the Palestinian areas -- and determining the issues of borders , settlements , refugees , and Jerusalem .
The agreement needs to be followed by an effort to end the economic and administrative siege of Palestine , as well as serious peace talks with Israel aimed at ending the 39-year occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
Notwithstanding the UN Secretary General 's statement , Israel claimed self-defense , as the air strikes followed a rocket attack from Gaza that killed an Israeli civilian in the border town of Sderot .
In fact , Israel persistently conflates self-defense and deterrence , while employing collective punishment to advance its strategic aims .
Israeli officials ' claims that barring the movement of people and goods is required for security reasons do not withstand scrutiny .
Today , Har Homa , built on Jabal Abu Ghnaim with the aim of cutting off Bethlehem from Jerusalem , is home to 19,000 settlers .
The idea , a new one , aims at getting the Israelis and Palestinians to agree to the borders of the Palestinian state that both sides and the rest of the world have said is the way out of the decades-old conflict .
Until now , Israelis and Palestinians have insisted on various `` red lines '' that they proclaimed they would never cross .
Not only did Israel 's leaders reject the world community 's requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .
In Fayyad 's vision , Palestinians , who bear the brunt of the occupation and are in a greater hurry than the Israelis are to be free of it , are to accept a peace strategy that aims at realizing statehood .
Arab youth had finally moved , and Obama and his team made the right statements to encourage them , while also making it clear to the Egyptian and Tunisian regimes that they could no longer hide behind the claim that they were fighting America 's war in north Africa .
While hard-hitting professional news and programs like Al Itijah al Mu'akess provided viewers with unique television , it took major world conflicts to bring Al Jazeera acclaim .
Clumsy and amateurish , the dilettante 's actions harm the interests he aims to advance .
This is the crux of the Lisbon Treaty , which is designed to usher in new institutions and mechanisms aimed at creating more politically cohesive EU external policies .
Despite these benefits , some claim that NATO enlargement into the Baltic would draw new lines of division in Europe .
The Jews , the defense claimed , do not constitute a race .
The Court made short shrift of Ellwanger 's claim , because all human beings can be the victims of racism .
The DDT scare started with Carson 's claim that its use had devastating effects on bird life .
They claim that the early British scholars and administrators who documented Indian customs and translated the early sacred texts were bamboozled by the Brahmins -- the first Indians to learn English and thus the only available intermediaries -- into believing that the Hindu social order was caste-based .
Indeed , Putin openly claims this part of Ukraine as a Russian `` internal matter . ''
Although he claims to oppose economic liberalism , he is a product of the political liberties that it promotes and feeds on the benefits generated by the market economy .
In the face of his growing problems , Morales has resorted to two tactics that successfully diverted public opinion in the past : conflict with Chile over landlocked Bolivia 's claims to Chilean territory that would give it an outlet to the sea , and a new electoral campaign , this time for judges .
But the claim against Chile does not seem to have the same attraction that it had in the past , and the election of judges to the Supreme Court and the Constitutional Tribunal backfired .
Malmö police say that , of the 115 hate crimes recorded in the city in 2009 , 52 were aimed at Jews or Jewish institutions .
The long-term concern is that fishing is intended to be selective ; fishermen aim to harvest the most profitable species and the most profitable sizes within species .
This would supplement current spending of $ 2 billion , only about 30 % of which is for interventions specifically aimed at newborns , while the majority is for interventions that also benefit mothers and older children .
It is not just California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger who has recognized the signs of the times and proclaimed bold Kyoto targets for his state that may become a pacemaker of All-American modernization again .
In addition , there is rising mistrust of politicians who can not fulfill promises to halt immigration , accompanied by perceptions of immigrants as law-breakers rather than enterprising people , and mistreatment of refugees aimed at deterring people who want to work from applying for asylum .
Were the US forced to withdraw in failure , Islamic terrorist groups would claim a historic victory , promising more bloodshed for the West .
France professes to bearing a special responsibility for international order , but so does Germany ; only a few weeks ago , Chancellor Schroeder based his claim to a permanent German seat in the UN Security Council on Germany 's readiness to shoulder such responsibilities .
By contrast , two years after the French and Dutch No votes , there is no sign of a Plan B , despite the claims of the French politicians who helped mobilize the No vote .
At the diplomatic level , Europeans could threaten to deprive Russia of the prestige it draws from participating in G8 and EU-Russia Summits . They should also aim to strengthen democracy and the rule of law in the European neighborhood by tightening relations with countries such as Georgia and Ukraine .
No Arab ruler can claim a mass following outside his country of the sort that Gamel Nasser , the Egyptian president who was also the acknowledged leader of pan-Arab aspirations , once did .
Thus , the lesson from economic history and development is straightforward : government support aimed at upgrading and diversifying industry must be anchored in the requisite endowments .
In industries where no domestic firms are present , policymakers should aim to attract foreign direct investment from the countries being emulated or organize programs for incubating new firms .
But this dominance is waning , as evidenced by its declining use as an official reserve currency , as well as for invoicing goods and services , denominating international claims , and anchoring exchange rates .
Although internationalization of the economy has served China well , it is unlikely that the current 35 % share of GDP claimed by exports and the heavy reliance on foreign technology are sustainable in the long run .
Even the few who claimed knowledge about Roma were unsure about who commissioned the billboard .
But the more relevant question is whom Khodorkovsky 's letter aimed to address . Vedomosti readers may sympathize with Khodorkovsky 's plight , but they account for only 60 thousand people .
Likewise , Russia 's effort to expand its influence in the energy-rich countries of Central Asia is aimed at consolidating Russia 's stature as a major energy supplier .
Because Russia claims the status of a world power , it is expected to show restraint and responsibility .
At the same time , these governments practice a diplomacy inspired by one idea : America 's post-Iraq hegemony is fragile , thus making profitable a policy of confrontation aimed at weakening the enemy . This explains the bizarre de facto alliance between Venezuela , Iran and Belarus , and Venezuela 's failed candidacy for a seat on the United Nations Security Council .
· Recently , a coalition of prominent environmental and development organizations claimed that malaria would increase in a warmer world .
The Necessity of Universal Health Care The biggest health challenge for Latin America and the Caribbean is n't a single disease or condition , and it wo n't be solved by aiming money at a single risky behavior .
But , while an expensive campaign to combat a particularly dangerous , communicable disease like HIV\/AIDS makes sense , it is less clear that this approach works well when aimed at providing the public with general , health-related information .
Campaigners and the media claim that we should cut our CO2 emissions to save the polar bear .
Gore also frets about the future of polar bears . He claims they are drowning as their icy habitat disappears .
The best study shows that by 2050 , heat will claim 400,000 more lives , but 1.8 million fewer will die because of cold .
A lack of micronutrients and clean drinking water will claim two million lives each .
Instead , we should look for smarter policy options , like aiming to ensure that alternative energy technologies at reasonable prices will be available within the next 20-40 years .
Deciding what level of temperature change we should aim for -- and how to achieve it -- is a discussion that should engage all of us .
The last ¤ 500 million could fund an eight-fold increase in research and development aimed at improving CO2-efficient energy technologies , enabling everyone in the long run to reduce emissions much more dramatically , and at much lower cost .
Obama 's plan would reduce emissions by 80 % below 1990 levels by 2050 , while McCain aims to ensure that emissions are 60 % lower by then .
Al Gore , for example , famously claimed that a whopping six meters -LRB- 20 feet -RRB- of sea-level rise would flood major cities around the world .
Increasingly , alarmists claim that we should not be allowed to hear such facts .
In June , Hansen proclaimed that people who spread `` disinformation '' about global warming -- CEOs , politicians , in fact anyone who does n't follow Hansen 's narrow definition of the `` truth '' -- should literally be tried for crimes against humanity .
Yet studies claiming one meter or more obviously make for better headlines .
Hurricanes were the stock image of Al Gore 's famous film on climate change , and certainly the United States was battered in 2004 and 2005 , leading to wild claims of ever stronger and costlier storms in the future .
Finally , it is often claimed that high CO2 taxes and subsidies for green technology will actually do good , and again Denmark is often taken as an example .
President-elect Obama is now facing countless people who claim that subsidies for renewable energy and CO2 taxes are great ways to tackle global warming and forge a new green economy .
Obama 's claim about record droughts similarly fails even on a cursory level -- the United States has in all academic estimates been getting wetter over the century -LRB- with the 1930 's `` dust bowl '' setting the drought high point -RRB- .
This means that we need to invest much more in research and development aimed at developing low-carbon energy .
That did n't stop the protesters from proclaiming the event a success .
Recently , former US Vice President Al Gore and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon claimed that , `` in the US , there are now more jobs in the wind industry than in the entire coal industry . ''
In March , Al Gore 's science adviser and prominent climate researcher , Jim Hansen , proclaimed that when it comes to dealing with global warming , the `` democratic process is n't working . ''
Sooty pollution from indoor fires claims several million lives each year , so reducing black carbon would be a life-saver .
An oft-repeated claim is that Denmark -- where politicians will meet in December to negotiate a successor to the Kyoto Protocol -- receives one-fifth of its power from wind , making it by far the highest share in the world .
This finding was based on a groundbreaking research paper that showed that even a highly efficient global CO2 tax aimed at fulfilling the ambitious goal of keeping temperature increases below 2oC would reduce annual world GDP by a staggering 12.9 % , or $ 40 trillion , in 2100 .
Even if one approaches this technology with concerns -- as many of us do -- we should aim to identify its limitations and risks sooner rather than later .
In fact , the analogy of holding victims at gunpoint is misleading , because in public decision-making we can hardly claim that everything is all right as long as we do n't pull the trigger .
Greater Europe would thus be able to claim a leading role in addressing international issues .
Their aim is to discourage the US and the Europeans from starting another crisis -- financial markets and everyday politics in Europe can tolerate only so much conflict .
Moreover , Iran 's claim to leadership in the Muslim world is being undermined by the conflict in Iraq , where Iran supports the Shia militias that are killing Sunnis .
Hezbollah is under order by the UN Security Council to disarm and disband its militia , but it claimed that even after Israel 's full withdrawal from Lebanon in 2000 , it needed its weapons to continue to liberate `` Lebanese territory . '' That refers to a tiny fragment of land , the so-called Sheba farms , declared by UN inspectors to be in Israel , but which Hezbollah claims as part of Lebanon .
Israel 's political aim is to destroy Hezbollah 's position as a legitimate Lebanese political party by exposing it as the paid agent of Iran , which serves foreign interests at grievous cost to Lebanon .
For example , instead of dismissing Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah 's boasts of victory , many commentators around the world repeat and endorse his claim that Hezbollah fought much more bravely than the regular soldiers of Arab states in previous wars .
And the corrupt officials ? You can be sure that , this time next year , they will be paying homage to their ancestors , as they tramp over the ground where child slaves were buried alive for daring to proclaim their humanity .
Some of these funds were aimed to improve countries ' fiscal balance .
Yet today we have perhaps a thousand religions that all claim to be Islam .
China aims to lower its energy consumption per unit of GDP by 20 % relative to 2005 levels by 2010 .
Going further , the managing director of one newspaper claims that delaying political and constitutional reform as if it were a grant to citizens -- rather than their right -- would invite outside intervention in Egypt 's domestic affairs .
Arab democracy , he claims , has now become a domestic concern in the United States , which will make it hard for American presidents to sweep the abuses of friendly Arab regimes under the rug , as they did in the past .
Hizb al ghad recently produced a 48-page draft constitution , aimed at reviving Egypt 's stagnant political life .
So emerging markets should collaborate to develop health-knowledge networks aimed at facilitating mutual learning .
The sooner this happens , the more difficult it will be for the separatists to claim that they alone are the legitimate authors of Chechnya 's fate .
But one player is missing : Emile Lahoud , who claims Lebanon 's presidency as his by right of Syrian power .
We Lebanese can already claim victory in our year-long non-violent fight for independence and democracy .
The Ungreening of the World Everyone I meet claims to love trees &#45; &#45; I mean really love trees &#45; &#45; yet collectively the human race behaves as if it abhors green things .
If this happens when we claim to love trees , I shudder to think what would happen if we were ambivalent about them ? Or thought we could live without them ?
Why do humans all claim to love trees , but their actions deny their claim ?
I am looking down on Central Park and recall from half-a-century ago in a small town in Northern Romania a tall , white-haired man proclaiming his poem , `` The Colors Red and Black . '' Gazing over the park , I remember those Stalinist era verses :
But that did not stop some from proclaiming that the triumph of liberal capitalism meant the end of ideological struggle -- and thus of History .
Some 70 % of Romanians reportedly now claim to regret the death of Comrade Nicolae Ceau?escu , whose summary execution in 1989 elicited general enthusiasm .
Hindu religious law , for example , allows a woman to claim an equal share in her parents ' wealth , but few exercise this right .
Culturally , she feels that she does not have an equal claim on her father 's property .
In his recent US Senate testimony , Rumsfeld claimed that the military police at Abu Ghraib were instructed to abide by the Geneva conventions .
One instructor joked that although the Geneva conventions barred firing a 50-caliber machine gun at an enemy soldier - an act defined as `` excessive force '' - we could aim at his helmet or backpack , since these were `` equipment . ''
Such tactics are aimed at confronting an enemy that is armed with the most advanced weapons systems , but is vulnerable to sabotage and asymmetrical attack , even latter-day guerilla warfare .
The process of collecting and verifying claims is time-consuming , and the net benefit for taxpayers is low .
Moreover , the method is vulnerable to illicit practices , such as collecting receipts issued to foreigners and students , who can not claim their own refunds .
New regulations have recently been introduced with the specific aim of cracking down on moonlighting .
Under the 2007 financial law , those who claim the home improvement deduction must supply an invoice from the building contractor , which must specify the cost for labor .
The bulk of claims for the subsidy come from northern Italy , which is usually considered less prone to tax evasion to begin with .
While some cases of illegitimate claims are under investigation , there is no black market for receipts ; fraud seems to arise mainly through falsified invoices .
The main conclusion of my work is that policies aimed at ensuring liquidity can not only prevent bank panics , but also avoid the excess risk-taking that deposit insurance encourages .
If it declares bankruptcy and refuses to buy back its assets , bankruptcy laws should give the central bank the first claim on the bank 's assets .
The aim of these entrenched mandarins is to block Abe 's plans for extensive civil-service reforms intended to inhibit them from parachuting into lucrative post-retirement jobs in the public corporations and private firms that they once regulated .
Rich Europe , Poor Europe From its earliest days , the European Union has aimed for balanced economic development across its many regions .
Unlike China , its leaders claim , the West continues to hold African countries hostage through a combination of unequal trade deals , lack of access to capital markets , aid dependency , financial deregulation and economic liberalization , budget austerity , crippling debt , political meddling , and military intervention .
Gbagbo refused to acknowledge the result , claiming vote-rigging , and was declared re-elected by the Constitutional Court , which nullified 600,000 ballots in several northern constituencies .
His claim to fame was his professional reputation as an economic manager , which arose from his implementation of structural adjustment programs that always included the same set of measures : currency devaluation , decontrol of exchange rates , tighter monetary policy , financial deregulation , trade liberalization , wage cuts , fiscal consolidation , and labor-market deregulation .
It is customary to link Africa 's failures to slavery and colonization , and no one can deny such claims .
First , African leaders , who should repudiate these debts , are the ones who contracted them in the first place , with the obvious aim of enriching themselves .
To reap the benefits , sub-Saharan Africa must form an oil-based confederation under the tutelage of thoroughly reformed regional groupings aimed at encouraging economic integration and political union .
Some suggest that the SNP 's accession to power in Scotland does herald the rebirth of a nation , many others regard that claim as rhetoric which ignores the tremendous advances made in the quality of life , opportunity and living standards .
If the claim were true it is a rebirth that is coming about in an extraordinary way .
Except for some odd and hapless individuals , there have been no underground armies , separatist terrorists , campaigns of civil disobedience aimed at unseating governments , or even any mass demonstrations .
According to counter-insurgency expert David Kilcullen , the violence in Thailand 's deep South -- which has now claimed more than 3,500 lives -- was some of the most intense in the world between 2004 and 2007 , `` second only to Iraq and Afghanistan during this period . ''
The G-7 action plan aims to restore the flow of credit by securing interbank lending , and coordinated central bank actions have provided unprecedented levels of liquidity to the market .
I am , therefore , deeply disappointed that a package of measures adopted in this area in 2004 -- aimed at simplifying and modernizing procedures -- has not been transposed within the agreed deadline by several member states .
Claims of prior inability to remember imply that they had attempted unsuccessfully to recall their abuse , only to remember it much later .
The impact of this user intelligence has been profound : in 2003 , one pharmaceutical company revised its 2002 estimate of the incidence of withdrawal reactions from 0.2 % to 25 % -LRB- even as the manufacturer of a similar drug continues to claim that it is `` not habit forming '' at all -RRB- .
In the long run , the anti-depressant crisis thus may prove to be a blessing in disguise , but only if it brings about the transparency and intellectual honesty needed to make the medical profession ultimately accountable to the people it claims to serve .
Khrushchev 's speech also ignited the feud between Mao 's China and the USSR , for it allowed Mao to claim the crown of world revolutionary leadership .
German multinationals like Siemens and Daimler are ratcheting up investment to meet both emerging-market and domestic demand .
Indeed , advocates of the increasingly popular idea of a regulated market in organs claim that it is the ultimate treatment .
The EU is putting together an energy and environment strategy that aims to end the self-defeating competition within Europe for oil and gas , while also establishing Europe as global leader in the effort to halt climate change .
Its aim is to gain as much prestige as possible from the Olympic games in 2008 and the six-month World Expo in Shanghai during the spring and summer of 2010 .
Today , with the EU eager to play a forceful role on the world stage , a move towards a more open system appears to be inevitable . The EU 's interlocutors in Washington , Beijing , and elsewhere already make it plain that national leaders claiming to speak for Europe lack credibility , as do EU leaders who so evidently have no convincing political mandate .
Its overall aim was to make the backbone of Europe 's heavy-engineering sector more competitive internationally .
Their perceived claim to speak for Europe antagonized much of the Union .
The CAP consumes about half of the Union 's budget -- an unimpressive symbol for a community that aims to become a player in world politics .
It is understandable that good Europeans like the Dutch and the Finns find it unacceptable that heavyweights like France and Germany now claim to be more equal than smaller countries .
Former perpetrators often try to de-legitimize their former victims ' moral superiority by claiming they were victims themselves .
Whatever the causes , official corruption is creating a situation in which many Afghans fear the rapaciousness of the government nearly as much as they dislike the Taliban , which can now credibly claim the ability to provide security and swift justice in the areas they control , albeit at a very high price .
Democracy and the rule of law could conceivably be an effective alternative to what the Taliban offer , but the government can not credibly claim to provide either , not to mention basic services , on a consistent basis .
Ceausescu took aim , then fell backward when the bear , inadequately sedated , reared on its hind legs as if to attack .
This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Ceausescu did not acknowledge the applause of his retainers .
The sharpshooters hidden in the forest take aim and fire , only this time their target is not the bear , but Ceausescu himself .
But this picture , based on Africa 's most corrupt regimes , is unfair and misleading -- like claiming that all Europeans are guilty of `` ethnic cleansing '' because of what happened in the former Yugoslavia .
Government is responsible for delivering services , but it is up to civil society to be vigilant and ensure that officials work toward these aims .
Although this is largely the case , no one can claim that Africans have a monopoly on governance failures .
In many cases , they wo n't deny that a relationship exists between the exposure and the disease , but are quick to proclaim that `` the evidence is inconclusive . ''
The Prague Spring was provoked by a crisis in the Communist Party , but the claim that it was merely a result of political squabbles among Party members falsifies history and rejects a significant fragment of the national heritage .
Imre Nagy , the leader of the Hungarian revolt in 1956 , and Dubcek became parts of their national legends , which belies the claim that communism was exclusively a foreign imposition .
This would pay for the residual costs of a large institution 's failure after its capital has fallen to zero and , presumably , creditors ' claims have been wiped out -LRB- though some proposals are ambiguous , leaving room for at least some relief for creditors -RRB- .
Globalization 's Assassin The world 's first wave of economic globalization , led by the British Empire in the nineteenth century , came to an end literally with a bang on a Sunday afternoon in 1914 , when Gavrilo Princip killed -LRB- with two uncannily well-aimed bullets -RRB- Austria 's Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his wife .
Finally , Brazil 's policymakers should aim to remove , or at least significantly reduce , existing tax obstacles to efficiency and competitiveness .
While the long-run record of this theory is irrefutable , China 's authoritarian ruling elite is not only determined to hold on to power , but it also has been smart enough to take adaptive measures aimed at countering the liberalizing effects of economic development .
`` Good government '' remains the public 's biggest concern , and the BJP knows that murderous riots will undermine its claim to be delivering such .
They staked their claim on the tribal , sectarian , and multiethnic nature of Iraq , which , in the absence of dictatorship , would supposedly incite Iraq 's collapse into a `` failed state , '' with rampant warlordism , ethnic and religious feuds , and harboring of terrorist organizations .
Kurds exceeded this number , with 95 % claiming an improvement .
They have often dismissed as unorthodox , if not heretical , any claim of personal contact with the Imam or speculation about his arrival .
The PAS is aiming for the most unlikely of voters : non-Muslims , who account for 40 % of Malaysia 's population and are increasingly alienated from the UMNO .
At home , Sarkozy has aimed his message particularly at the young , issuing a patriotic call to the values of work and discipline , a counter-revolutionary revolution .
Royal openly claims Mitterand 's legacy as she searches for legitimacy , while Sarkozy 's rejection of Chirac 's legacy has more to do with form than substance .
Ahmedinejad pursues a dual objective with his anti-Zionist obsession : to de-legitimize Israel and to re-legitimize Iran 's claim to speak for Muslims over the heads of their more cautious governments .
In fact , Asians themselves encourage this temptation , with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations -LRB- ASEAN -RRB- openly aiming to become increasingly like the European Union .
Superficially , Russia and China may give the impression that they are pursuing the same path when they both proclaim with pride that they are `` back '' on the world stage .
Whatever the huge political , social , and economic tensions may exist , there is a `` feel good '' factor in China , a sense of progress , with the 2008 Olympics in Beijing figuring as the symbolic moment that will proclaim to the world the scale of the country 's achievements .
Now that America is no longer a `` hyperpower '' with no strategic challengers , Russia has reasserted its status as a `` superpower , '' a claim that is not necessarily supported by reality .
While Sarkozy claims that Europe is his priority , his methods seem to contradict his intentions .
You can not proclaim your impotence in the face of empty state coffers after pushing through useless and costly tax breaks for the richest .
To claim that politics and sports can be any more separated in today 's media age than they were in the past is especially naïve .
NATO 's aim can not simply be , to use Lord Ismay 's famous formula , `` to keep America in , Russia out and Germany down . ''
Sarkozy misjudged the balance of power between France and China , and France came out of that diplomatic episode badly bruised , with its president swallowing his human rights claims and bending to the diktat of realpolitik .
Or is a latter-day Yalta Conference , aimed at redrawing the political boundaries of Europe , necessary ?
The same can not be said of Sarkozy , despite his claims to the contrary .
It is too early to dismiss America and proclaim the end of an imperial moment .
But the party never debated or theorized this choice , simply accepting former Prime Minister Lionel Jospin 's claim that the fiscal stability and financial modernization resulting from the decision was but a `` parenthesis . ''
Over and above these considerable advances , the treaty aims to make the EU more democratic .
The proportion of new outlays devoted to energy conservation and reduction have been cut almost in half , just when reforms in the price structure of energy use were beginning to kick in . Some measures aimed at redistributing the energy load -- such as solar and wind power -- have been retained .
So , two crucial items must claim priority at the top of the world 's economic agenda in the months ahead .
This is true even for investors who ultimately decide that strategies aimed at generating higher normal and post-shock average returns are worth it .
It now seems possible that the Union for the Mediterranean -LRB- UfM -RRB- , the mechanism that French President Nicolas Sarkozy set up in 2008 to increase regional cooperation , may actually step up to the challenge of reclaiming the region 's past as the cradle of reason , tolerance , and humanism .
This renewed sense of belonging to the same human family and the same moral universe resonated profoundly with Mediterranean Europeans , who found , in the claims and expectations emerging on the opposite shore , echoes of their own unfulfilled claims and expectations .
Arab governments -- and many Westerners -- claimed that privatization and other economic reforms should be given priority over political change .
No one is fooled by this claim anymore .
Throughout the region , elections have been used to create a façade of democracy aimed at impressing citizens and the outside world while insulating the regimes from pressure for genuine reform .
Maritain 's example disproves the claim that the analogy between Christian and Muslim democracy fails .
The British minister responsible for the test justified the idea by claiming that `` the simple act of taking one 's turn is one of the things that holds our country together .
The Bulgarian political scientist Ivan Krastev , for example , has claimed that what we are actually experiencing is 1968 `` in reverse . '' `` Then students on the streets of Europe , '' he says , `` declared their desire to live in a world different from the world of their parents .
In that sense , 1968 and today 's protests are not as different as some observers claim .
Contrary to the fears of many of these neighbors in 1990 -LRB- and contrary to what many analysts claim now -RRB- , the Berlin Republic is not more nationalistic than the old West Germany .
Instead , the UN continues to defer to Mugabe , who hides behind claims of sovereignty while jailing a defenseless populace .
In order to attract the FDI needed to achieve this , southern African countries have enacted laws aimed at encouraging greater private sector participation , with special emphasis on foreign investment .
Some Albanians claim that these allegations are Serbian propaganda . But there are many Albanians who know differently , and believe that Kosovo is failing to come to terms with the acts of a few rogue fighters .
For the 2025 timeframe , the aim is to reduce the global nuclear stockpile to 2,000 , or less than 10 % of today 's total .
The tsunamis provide an opportunity for the UN to reclaim the high ground that it lost recently .
NATO 's intervention in Kosovo was underway , and critics claimed that prosecuting Milosevic made the tribunal an arm of NATO and would prevent a settlement .
On the basis of the record so far , however , some skepticism seems in order over the claim that justice will obstruct peace .
Those who insist that blasphemy does not warrant the protection otherwise given to freedom of expression often claim that it is a form of hate speech .
The creation of Camp X-Ray at Guantanamo , and President Bush 's executive order establishing military commissions to try those held there , aimed to deal with prisoners seized during the war in Afghanistan whom the US considered to be `` unlawful combatants . ''
Since no such hearings have been held , the Bush administration is effectively claiming that there is no doubt in the case of any detainee .
As in other instances where government officials claim unanimity -- such as Saddam Hussein 's assertion that he obtained 100 % of Iraqis ' support in the plebiscite that he conducted shortly before the war -- America 's position is simply not credible .
One proclaimed `` solidarity with Zimbabwe ... to encourage and sustain the positive developments that are taking place . '' The other condemns `` the Commonwealth , the European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- , and the United States of America -LRB- US -RRB- sanctions as they hurt not only ordinary Zimbabweans but also have profound social and economic implications on the region as a whole . ''
The Bush administration proclaimed a national security policy that insists that America provides the only sustainable model for national success , and asserted its right to engage in unilateral , preemptive military strikes .
But this is an inevitable consequence of the Bush administration 's own haughty manner , with leading spokespersons , such as Attorney General John Ashcroft , proclaiming their own righteousness in leading the effort to abrogate rights .
You buy low-carbohydrate products , energy and nutrition bars , vitamin - and mineral-fortified foods and beverages , soy foods , and practically anything with a health claim .
In fact , PepsiCo holds a 25 % share of the market with products like Quaker cereals and fortified Tropicana juices , which qualify for FDA-approved health claims .
About three-quarters of breakfast cereals make health claims for the whole grain or fiber that has been added to make them `` functional . ''
Moreover , as Nancy Childs , a business school professor , wrote in Nutrition Business Journal in 2004 , functional foods for obesity , for example , promise their manufacturers `` a double reward '' : eligibility for qualified health claims and possible reimbursement under Medicare as a disease treatment .
They also provide `` balance to food company product portfolios , thereby limiting corporate liability on both legal and stock valuation fronts '' -- a reference to potential claims against companies that their products might cause obesity or poor health .
According to a last testament left behind by the attacker , a Swedish citizen named Taimour Abdulwahab , Christmas shoppers in downtown Stockholm had to die in retaliation for `` the Swedes ' support '' for Lars Vilks , an artist who stirred outrage in the country with drawings of the Prophet Muhammad as a dog .
Vilks argued that his work was a provocation aimed at revealing the selective liberalism within the Swedish intellectual establishment -- its multiculturalism , one could say .
Europe 's leading politicians have spoken out , and now it is time for European civil society -- its newspapers , critics , curators , academics , and publishers -- to declare the failure of multiculturalism and show some courage in defending the values they claim to embody .
China 's See-No-Evil Diplomacy Ever since its founding , the People 's Republic of China has adhered to a foreign policy of non-interference in other country 's internal affairs -- or so it claims .
So the government-controlled media took aim at another antagonist , the Communist Party , which apparently never expect an attack on this scale .
Motherland 's proclaimed policies , a heady brew of nationalism and socialism , are espoused by seasoned leaders , including the economist Sergei Glazyev , chairman of the Duma foreign affairs committee Dmitry Rogozin , and former Central Bank head Viktor Gerashchenko .
Alexis de Toqueville claimed that unfulfilled hopes lie at the basis of every revolution , that every revolution is engendered by disillusion caused by exaggerated expectations .
And , with the resource boom fueling Russia 's self-proclaimed return to international influence , the Kremlin will continue to exploit its successful strategy of playing one European country off against another , aided by the EU 's lack of a coherent Russia strategy and a common energy policy .
The strongest critique has come from sugar associations , who claim that the upper limit of 10 % on caloric intake from sugar is not based upon scientific evidence .
The danger is that scientific decisions with a scientific-technical component are no longer subject to study or rational argument , but instead are fought over by various interest groups , with some invariably claiming that their taxes should be used to fund only research that is compatible with their values .
Likewise , however desirable its ability to produce the unexpected and unforeseeable , science today can not claim that it is not accountable to society .
Initiatives aimed at fostering scientific excellence in Europe , like one recently launched in Germany that officially defined three universities , all in the southern part of the country , as `` excellent '' -LRB- qualifying them for extra funding -RRB- , seek to make universities more attractive and thus more competitive .
The aim is no longer to become `` the world 's most competitive knowledge economy , '' as disingenuously announced in 2000 .
But ordinary people rejected Kibaki 's power play , reclaiming their nation 's path through the ballot box -- an idea that is still almost unheard of in the Kenyan context .
The international community 's challenge will be to help ensure that the political space claimed by the Kenyan public remains open .
Our Low-Carbon Future LONDON -- The United Nations climate change conference , to be held in Copenhagen this December , should provide the climax to two years of international negotiations over a new global treaty aimed at addressing the causes and consequences of greenhouse-gas emissions .
This version of feminism -- the notion that women can claim equality and still have a valued role in the home , prize family above all , and view rights in the context of community and spirituality -- seems like a much-needed corrective to some of Western feminism 's shortcomings .
Second , perhaps he needs to be able to try the Guantánamo detainees in a rigged setting , or even keep them from trial forever : lawyers claim that torture , including sexual torture , was so endemic in the CIA and the military that Obama could be holding scores , if not hundreds , of prisoners whose bodies are crime scenes .
As their designated representative , al-Hanashi knew which prisoners had claimed to have been tortured or abused , and by whom .
Her aim is to replace journalists ' acceptance of the `` party line '' -- even if the party is her own extended family -- with a more critical perspective .
I call her `` Martha Stewart meets Che Guevara , '' because , when not renovating the elegant public spaces of her hotel , she is suing Israeli generals for war crimes that she claims were committed against civilians in Gaza .
Honor killings claim an estimated 5,000 women every year , and are increasingly common in immigrant communities abroad .
Mr. Mugabe routinely denounces the MDC as `` the enemy , '' claiming that the party is controlled by the British and American governments , who are allegedly hell-bent on re-colonizing Zimbabwe .
Many NGO 's claim to act as a `` global conscience , '' representing broad public interests beyond the purview of individual states .
NGO 's vary enormously in their organization , budgets , accountability , and sense of responsibility for the accuracy of their claims .
Some aspiring leaders think that they must proclaim a vision that overawes their followers .
A Kerry administration , he claims , will restore respect for America in the world .
They back President George W. Bush 's Proliferation Security Initiative aimed at stopping traffic in weapons of mass destruction .
Most important in the current situation will be the development of a long-term strategy of cultural and educational exchanges aimed at developing a richer and more open civil society in Middle Eastern countries .
Analysts such as John Mearsheimer of the University of Chicago have flatly proclaimed that China can not rise peacefully , and predict that `` the United States and China are likely to engage in an intense security competition with considerable potential for war . ''
Neither country aims to restrain China in the way the `` containment '' strategy aimed at an aggressive Soviet Union during the Cold War , but both want to create an international structure that does not tempt China to throw its weight around .
The failure of the June EU summit and the bitter clashes between Tony Blair and Jacques Chirac have even inspired some to proclaim the beginning of the end for Europe .
But does this argument really have any more basis in reality than the administration 's previous claims of an `` imminent '' threat from weapons of mass destruction or Saddam Hussein 's alleged support for al-Qaeda ?
With post-invasion inspectors concluding that no WMD stockpiles existed , and intelligence agencies now convinced that the Iraq war 's net effect has been to boost al-Qaeda recruitment throughout the Islamic world , the Bush administration is understandably emphasizing the claim about democratization .
During the 2004 election campaign , Bush claimed that the new department had made Americans safer .
Despite claims by the extreme left and right around the world , America is not an imperial nation .
Rather than try to build as many nuclear weapons as possible , he proclaimed a doctrine of `` sufficiency , '' holding only a minimal number for protection .
Although in theory communism aimed to establish a system of class justice , Lenin 's heirs maintained domestic power through a brutal security apparatus involving lethal purges , gulags , broad censorship , and ubiquitous informants .
Iran claims that its nuclear program is aimed solely at peaceful uses , and that it has the right to develop uranium enrichment and other technologies as a signatory of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- .
While some Central European members that were formerly occupied by the USSR continue to see NATO as a political insurance policy against a revival of Russian ambitions , NATO is no longer aimed against Russia .
Bush has long claimed that the number of troops in Iraq was a military decision and that he simply followed the advice of his generals , but now this is clearly not the case .
And , on the bottom board of transnational issues outside the control of governments -- including everything from climate change to pandemics to transnational terrorism -- power is chaotically distributed , and it makes no sense at all to claim American hegemony .
And it has very little power when the great powers oppose an action , or repressive member governments ignore the claims of the new `` responsibility to protect . ''
The real guarantee of American resolve to defend Japan is the presence of US troops and bases , and cooperation on issues -- such as ballistic missile defense -- aimed at protecting both Americans and Japanese .
Iran proclaims that its programs are for peaceful generation of nuclear energy , but inspectors have already found traces of highly enriched weapons-grade uranium .
Iran claims that as a party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty , it has the right to enrich uranium for peaceful purposes .
An article in The Far Eastern Economic Review proclaims that `` Wall Street 's crack-up presages a global tectonic shift : the beginning of the decline of American power . ''
More recently , many claimed that with the rise of China and the petro-states , an American slowdown could be decoupled from the rest of the world .
The problem of American power in the wake of the financial crisis is not one of decline , but of a realization that even the most powerful country can not achieve its aims without the help of others .
Democracy Promotion Reconsidered Cambridge -- President George W. Bush was famous for proclaiming the promotion of democracy a central focus of American foreign policy .
Obama has proclaimed that he will close the Guantánamo Bay detention facility within a year , and he has declassified the legal memos that were used to justify what is now widely regarded as torture of detainees .
After all , the key to successful leadership is to surround oneself with good people , empower them by delegating authority , and then claim credit for their accomplishments .
In this approach to public diplomacy , government policy is aimed at promoting and participating in , rather than controlling , such cross-border networks .
Demonstration of military success in `` protecting '' the regime may indeed be designed to strengthen the 28-year-old general 's claim to power .
In 2007 , President Hu Jintao proclaimed the importance of investing in China 's soft power .
By accompanying its growing hard power with efforts to make itself more attractive , China aimed to stem its neighbors ' fears and tendency to balance Chinese power .
Indeed , China 's 12th Five-Year Plan is aimed at reducing dependence on exports and boosting domestic demand .
Some analysts argue that China aims to challenge America 's position as the world 's dominant power .
CAMBRIDGE -- At the Cold War 's end , some pundits proclaimed that `` geo-economics '' had replaced geopolitics .
For example , China began pressing territorial claims in the South China Sea , as well as escalating a longstanding border dispute with India .
CAMBRIDGE -- President George W. Bush was famous for proclaiming democracy promotion as a central focus of American foreign policy .
Obama has proclaimed that he will close the Guantánamo detention facility within a year , and he has declassified the legal memos that were used to justify what is now widely regarded as torture of detainees .
Voters have been subjected to a barrage of outlandish claims : the Treaty would supposedly introduce abortion into Ireland -LRB- it is outlawed under Ireland 's constitution -RRB- , abolish Ireland 's low corporate-tax rate , and introduce a European army that would soon be sending Irish boys home from distant battlefields in body bags .
Though these claims are easily discredited , the `` Yes '' side has been unable to provide voters with sufficient reasons to vote for the Treaty .
Their campaign has been more coordinated and intense than last time , with the aim of mobilizing the maximum number of supporters and ensuring a high turnout , which most commentators assume will assist the Yes side .
Regulation of cross-border capital flows has been strangely absent from the G-20 's agenda , which is aimed at strengthening financial regulation .
This could form the basis for industrialized countries to adjust their tax codes and deploy other types of regulation to keep capital at home , while emerging markets implement measures aimed at changing the composition and reducing the level of potentially destabilizing inflows .
Such a new platform should also be used to work towards structural reform of the international monetary system aimed at reducing its excessive reliance on the US dollar as a reserve currency .
NEW YORK -- For those of us who have long claimed that the world 's international financial architecture needed deep reform , the call for a `` Bretton Woods II '' is welcome .
This proposal , while limited in scope , could play an important role in initiating discussion of deeper reforms while helping to restore the fragile world economy to health and achieve the aim expressed in the G-20 's Pittsburgh declaration : strong , sustainable , and balanced growth .
For numerous reasons , not every country can afford to build smelting facilities that operate at the level claimed by Umicore .
It responded by internalizing foreign competitors like Sony , Toyota , Bayer , Nestlé , and DaimlerChrysler - in effect turning them into US companies with US investors , loyalties , and even corporate cultures .
Nigeria 's main challenge now is to maintain peace and unity between the country 's fractious ethnic groups while implementing policy , political , and constitutional reforms aimed at quickening the pace of democratization , delivering shared prosperity , and firmly binding Nigeria 's constituent parts into a `` more perfect union . ''
To make Boko Haram appear more potent , its members play up this alleged affiliation , and even claim to have the support of `` important '' people in the northern part of the country .
Youth of the Ijo tribe demand that the government redraw local government boundaries , which they claim favor the Itsekiri , a rival group , before the elections . Violent clashes between the two groups have left hundreds dead and wounded .
Nigeria , grappling with a worsening economic crisis , wants to double daily production to four million barrels , to reflect new discoveries that the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation -LRB- NNPC -RRB- claimed in December 2003 had increased reserves to 34 billion barrels .
Shell claimed it did not want to jeopardize these negotiations by making public the true state of its Nigerian reserves .
Because the operational budget is set by Shell , and because the NNPC is plagued by corruption and lacks the expertise to verify production claims , the operating company has a powerful incentive to inflate costs .
Similarly , new reserves `` discovered '' by Shell to enable it to press a claim for the Reserves Addition Bonus was a key source of company profits until 1999 , when a new government reviewed the Memorandum of Understanding .
Alarmed that the production costs put forward by Shell were always increasing , in 1996 Nigeria 's petroleum minister promised to establish a monitoring unit to scrutinize all of Shell 's invoices and claims .
Last February , the newly elected Senate attempted to block $ 1.6 billion from going to Shell and two other companies for production expenses until they provided adequate documents to support their claims .
In addition to rolling out the welcome mat for energy-hungry China , oil ministry officials say they will tighten financial regulations and impose sanctions on companies seen as defaulting on tax and royalty payments -- moves apparently aimed at local subsidiaries of Western oil companies in the Niger Delta .
Yar ` Adua and his Peoples Democratic Party -LRB- PDP -RRB- are struggling to stamp their authority on an unwieldy and restive country of 140 million people , and the government views rapid growth as a means to achieving that aim .
The Department of Petroleum Resources -LRB- DPR -RRB- , the regulatory agency for the oil industry , has dismissed these claims , vowing to impose hefty fines on companies that flout the deadline .
Neighboring leaders have viewed the recently erected statue in downtown Tashkent of the ancient conqueror Tamarlane as a warning aimed directly at them .
WARSAW -- Remember the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement -LRB- PCA -RRB- , aimed at enshrining `` commonly-shared values '' between Russia and the European Community ?
With Serbia at the helm , the Council , which aims to promote human rights and the rule of law , is now overseen by a state that thumbs its nose at the Genocide Convention and harbors an indicted war crimes suspect , former Bosnian Serb army chief Ratko Mladic .
Moreover , the European Commission has indicated that it is ready to resume talks aimed at bringing Serbia closer to the European Union as soon as a reform-oriented government is formed in Belgrade .
But , as Western governments -- and European Union government , in particular -- respond , they should view Lukashenko 's brutal crackdown as a major turning point : the moment when the regime could no longer claim popular support and was forced to confront the failure of its antediluvian socioeconomic model .
But the international community must be more respectful of Iran 's current industrial aims if it wants Iranian cooperation .
Turkey , which for nearly two decades has proclaimed its support for Azerbaijan , publicly conditioned rapprochement with Armenia on Armenian concessions to Azerbaijan .
That message was confirmed on July 4 , 2003 , when American forces arrested several Turkish Special Forces troops in the town of Sulaimaniya , humiliating them by putting sacks over their head as they took them into custody .
He claims he will not stop until your family is dead .
You attempt a surgical strike : aim at the shooter 's head and try to spare the innocents .
Or should Israel respond `` proportionally , '' by firing 10 to 80 rockets , indiscriminately aimed against Gazan homes and schools , every day for the next few years ?
A local joke claims that Israelis have more parties than voters .
Take the brand new political map : Tzipi Livni 's Kadima with 28 Knesset seats , Binyamin Netanyahu 's Likud with 27 , both leaders giving triumphal orations during one dizzy night . `` Tzippy '' claims victory for leading the largest party , `` Bibi '' for heading the largest bloc .
Instead of kicking the ball to win , he aims so that his opponent scores .
Toledo claimed that he would send all dishonest officials to prison - words that captured the imagination of Peruvians , who yearned to see criminal politicians brought to justice .
Toledo later claimed that he was wrong to trust Almeyda , but few believed that the president had not known what Almeyda , a trusted confidante , had done .
Humala calls for overhauling Peru 's economic policy in particular by revising foreign companies ' concession contracts , increasing taxes on the rich , and lowering the salaries paid to congressmen and government members -- `` old fashioned populism that will ruin the country , '' claim his opponents .
But Humala 's detractors claim he took up arms to help the escape of Montesinos , who was already wanted by the law , but managed to flee aboard a sailboat towards Galapagos on the day of the coup .
Ollanta Humala opposes compulsory and mass coca eradication , claiming that he would industrialize and export the product to keep it from falling into drug dealers ' hands .
Official policy aims to reduce the cost of globalization for individuals , but never for companies .
Although good governance and human rights remained among the ENP 's proclaimed goals , official communications of the European Commission show that it emphasized security and border control .
All three , however , are incompatible with a certain interpretation which claims that the scripture is the basis upon which to build a state . ''
Policies aimed at ensuring export-led growth also include export subsidies and barriers to imports .
Tortuous claims that saving is merely the flip side of consumption and investment spending are the economic equivalent of Humpty Dumpty 's argument in Through the Looking Glass : `` When I use a word , it means just what I choose it to mean . ''
Breaking the Neoclassical Monopoly in Economics For 25 years , the so-called `` Washington Consensus '' -- comprising measures aimed at expanding the role of markets and constraining the role of the state -- has dominated economic development policy .
Rodrik has rendered a major service by stating so openly the claim of `` one economics . ''
A critic who made the same claim that economics allows only one theoretical approach would be dismissed as paranoid , whereas Rodrik 's standing creates an opportunity for a debate that would not otherwise be possible .
But , while the many recipes thesis has strong appeal and empirical support , and suggests a spirit of theoretical pluralism , the claim of `` one economics '' is misguided , for it implies that mainstream neoclassical economics is the only true economics .
The Chicago School claims that real-world market economies produce roughly efficient -LRB- so-called `` Pareto optimal '' -RRB- outcomes on which public policy can not improve .
These differences reflect the intellectual richness of neo-classical economics , but they provide no justification for the claim that there is one economics .
By repeating the claim of `` one economics , '' Rodrik inadvertently reveals the censorship embedded in contemporary economics .
Whereas pre-1980 monetary policy tacitly aimed at putting a floor under labor markets to preserve employment and wages , it now tacitly puts a floor under asset prices .
But , contrary to economists ' claims , oil inventories do reveal a footprint of speculation .
It is often claimed in the Islamic world that , because one of the five fundamental duties of a Muslim is Zakat -LRB- charity to the poor -RRB- , Islamic society is less atomistic , which limits inequality and social exclusion .
Some Lebanese see themselves as Phoenicians rather than as Arabs , and claim closer cultural affinity to France than to the Arab world .
Several EU leaders have claimed that Turkish membership would spark a wave of migration and strain the European economy .
The fall of the Berlin Wall marked the end of an era of mistrust and division , and opened the way for cooperation aimed at a peaceful and stable Europe .
In the longer term , radical reforms in capital , product , and labor markets will also be needed , complemented by a stronger and more cohesive investment strategy at the European level , aimed at boosting competitiveness and restoring growth prospects .
Russia 's actions are aimed at fomenting an anti-government backlash in Georgia , thereby paving the way for pro-Russian political forces to come to power .
However there is some ambiguity about what they should do when the claims of the state clash with those of the umma -LRB- the worldwide community of Islam -RRB- .
For centuries , the Protestant and Catholic tribes had intermittently clashed , and over a period of three decades -- a time euphemistically known as `` the Troubles '' -- terrorism had claimed more than 3,000 lives and tens of thousands of injuries .
They do not necessarily share the same aims as Al Qaeda .
His greatest achievement was the peace deal in Northern Ireland . That historic triumph depended on bringing in Sinn Fein politicians -- leaders of the Irish Republican movement who in many cases could not be distinguished from the IRA , which bombed , shot , and maimed civilians in pursuit of its political goals .
Big lottery winners , it is claimed , end up miserable , though real-life research suggests that they are as happy as you and I would be with a check for a million dollars .
Governments bail out banks , rush to the aid of manufacturers , and claim primacy in averting national catastrophe and personal hardship .
But the siege was never intended to starve Gazans ; as Dov Weissglass , a former aid to Ariel Sharon , famously observed , the aim was `` to put the Palestinians on a diet . ''
We want a new president who will aim to make a success of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty Renewal Conference in 2010 by scrapping more weapons , abandoning research into them , and challenging others to do the same .
But at least we should aim to agree on the process that will move world-wide discussions in the right direction and , as part of that , America should aim to engage Europe , China , and India , in particular , on technological developments like clean coal .
The two civilian leaders may soon begin vying with each other to see who can claim to be more anti-Musharraf .
France and Germany fail to grasp that the candidate countries ' support for the US is not aimed against `` old Europe . ''
Indeed , his broadside may effectively kill some of the reforms , currently being discussed at the EU Convention , which aim to streamline decision-making within the EU by creating institutions that would , in effect , give more power to countries with bigger populations .
Although all new member states claim to be `` western , '' some are more Western than others .
At the start of the 1990 's , following communism 's fall , the common experiences and the shared legacy of Czechoslovakia , Hungary , and Poland were behind the idea of creating the so-called `` Visegrad Group , '' with the aim of coordinating the three countries ' efforts to join the EU and NATO .
Even before attaining EU membership , all candidate countries ' governments had to start adopting measures aimed at meeting the Maastricht criteria within several years , because the new members had committed themselves in their accession treaties to adopting the euro .
Israel never said that it wants to destroy Iran ; Israel never openly proclaimed that it would enrich uranium and build nuclear bombs in order to destroy another country .
But , however positive their aims , these steps were taken without consulting the opposite side , thereby entrenching the perception that no partner existed .
Most Europeans who have been dealing with the issue also assume that Iran is aiming at capacities that would eventually make available all options , including quick development of a nuclear weapon , rather than actually acquiring , let alone testing , a weapon and thereby violating the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
Politically , Ahmadinejad certainly would not miss the chance to exploit unilateral measures for propaganda purposes -- claiming that Iran has a conflict not with the international community , but with imperialist states intent on depriving his country of technological progress .
New EU programs should mainly aim at strengthening the specific capacities of Tunisia , Egypt , and others , and seek opportunities that benefit both sides of the Mediterranean .
Plato thought that three conditions must be met in order for us to `` know '' something : the notion in question must actually be true ; we must believe it -LRB- because if we do not believe something that is true , we can hardly claim that we know it -RRB- ; and , most subtly , it must be justifiable -- there must be reasons why we believe the notion to be true .
Socrates , Plato 's teacher , famously goaded the Athenian authorities by maintaining that he was wiser than the Oracle at Delphi , who claimed to be the wisest , because he , unlike most people -LRB- including the Athenian authorities -RRB- , knew that he did not know anything .
We are also working on doubling the job-creation rate of recent years , with the aim of adding one million jobs in the period 2010-2014 .
Whereas `` the Republicans ' actions are not aimed at us , '' but instead `` at Islamic terrorists and rogue states , '' under a Democratic president , Russia would likely `` become a prime focus of antagonism , due to our authoritarianism , our lack of democracy , stifling of freedom , and violation of human rights . ''
China 's territorial claims on Russia are often noted in Chinese grade school geography textbooks , which include a number of Russian Far Eastern regions within China 's borders .
Today , China has territorial claims against 11 of its 24 neighbors , including India , Japan , Vietnam , and the Philippines , in addition to Russia .
Instead , it is claimed , eurozone members should have been allowed to default .
Nevertheless , while no one is proclaiming , `` mission accomplished , '' it is not true that nothing has been done to reform finance .
It did not aim to domesticate global finance , and it was not based on a thorough analysis of the crisis .
His government can claim to have reduced poverty from 35 % to 22 % of the population , and also to have maintained a trend towards lower inequality , with the Gini coefficient -- a 0-1 scale of wealth concentration -- declining from 0.583 in 2003 to 0.548 in 2008 .
To pave the way towards European financial integration , the Financial Services Action Plan -LRB- FSAP -RRB- was launched in 1999 with the aim of creating a regulatory framework for a single financial area .
Though today 's biomedical science claims to search for repairs of nature 's defects , too many of its practitioners behave as if their real purpose were only to gain the mythical immortality of precedence , at whatever cost to themselves or others .
The strategy 's most promising prospects include the promotion of industrial upgrading , niche industries , and competitiveness-boosting cluster projects that aim to make Thailand a global and regional hub for food , fashion , tourism , automobiles , and healthcare .
These are delicate issues , given Thailand 's raw and rabid polarization between those with vested interests in the old order and those intent on putting an end to what they claim are neo-feudalistic privileges and entitlements .
The Battle of the Temples BANGKOK -- The military skirmishes between Thailand and Cambodia that have claimed more than two dozen lives , caused scores of injuries , and displaced tens of thousands of people since February are primarily attributable to domestic politics in both countries .
Until recently , the overlapping claims on the 4.6 square kilometers were not a serious issue .
The park 's waterways contain one-tenth of the world 's remaining 1,000 giant river otters , along with black and speckled caiman , pink river dolphins , and capybaras .
It supports that it was aimed at such things as the derogatory cartoons of the prophet Mohammad published in a Danish newspaper three years ago .
A free society should be open to discussing such a claim .
Calley always claimed that he was following orders .
Frighteningly , groups like Al Qaeda can claim the mantle of popular nationalism as a means of pursuing their ultimate utopian aims .
Some are inspired by Al Qaeda , others by disgruntled Sunnis , but all can claim a nationalist mantle .
The Bush Administration makes no claim to have adequate evidence of this .
Yet we must still ask whether a full-scale invasion is the only way , a necessary and proportionate way , to fulfil that aim .
In the US , this sentiment has fueled the Tea Party , which coalesces around opposition to government expansion -LRB- and to elites more generally -RRB- , even if that expansion is aimed at regulating big banks -LRB- presumably because government regulations tend to be shaped by the powerful among the regulated -RRB- .
In the US , the expansion of home ownership -- a key element of the American dream -- to low - and middle-income households was the defensible linchpin for the broader aims of expanding credit and consumption .
It could claim that closure demonstrates its commitment to reducing regional nuclear tensions , while sending a message about the wisdom of building reactors in the world 's most volatile region .
A similar suicide bombing two days later claimed the lives of 58 French soldiers .
The Obama administration repeatedly denies such claims , along with others that the treaty 's verification provisions remain insufficient .
Despite the claims by both the Bush and Obama administrations that Russia and the US are no longer adversaries , it seems that the rapprochement has not translated into elimination of mutual nuclear targeting .
After his first chemotherapy session , Chávez exclaimed : `` I am radically changing my life . ''
The G-8 nations and the global alliance that America leads must aim not merely to defeat terrorism .
The government denied this , claiming that the experiments were conducted without its knowledge by academic researchers `` for scientific interest . ''
South Korea 's evolving foreign policy also may involve moving closer to China , as Korean nationalists join the Chinese in resisting Japan 's rival claims to potential hydrocarbon deposits in the East China Sea and the Sea of Japan .
MANILA -- One of the main sources of tension in Asia nowadays are the Spratly Islands in the South China Sea , where the Philippines , Vietnam , China , and others have conflicting claims .
Given these tensions , it is no surprise that the issue of disputed sovereignty in the South China Sea is almost certain to claim center stage at this month 's ASEAN Regional Forum , and at the East Asia summit in Bali that will follow it .
Now is the time for China , the Philippines , Vietnam , other claimants , and the US to take action to begin to diminish these tensions .
We aim for a Treaty that can stand for several years without further changes .
Denmark therefore fully supports the Italian Presidency 's aim to complete the work of the Intergovernmental Conference by the end of the year .
The big private equity funds have proven to be a menace to healthy companies , to workers ' rights , and to the European Union 's Lisbon Agenda -LRB- aimed at making Europe the world 's most competitive economy -RRB- .
In 2005 , the international community renewed its commitments to help the poorest countries meet the United Nations ' Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDG 's -RRB- , which aim to halve poverty by 2015 .
Indeed , it is part of a much broader reform effort aimed at strengthening the IMF and will have implications extending well beyond the Fund 's boardroom .
Last year The Economist claimed that `` Growth really does help the poor : in fact it raises their incomes by about as much as it raises the incomes of everybody else . ''
Yet , in a letter published soon after by the same magazine , Justin Forsyth of Oxfam claimed that '' . . current patterns of growth and globalization are widening income disparities and hence acting as a brake on poverty reduction . ''
Most of all , it stakes a claim to a degree of philosophical coherence of which the various `` third ways '' of the last decade could only dream .
`` Libertarian paternalists '' like Sunstein and Thaler claim that we have two different ways of making decisions : one `` from the gut '' -LRB- called System I -RRB- , and the other more deliberative and far more effective -LRB- called System II -RRB- .
According to neo-classical economists , the answer is a resounding `` yes , '' and , in many cases , they can point to substantial evidence to validate their claim .
Although the country was never as protected from the global downturn as its authorities claimed , the country benefits from some factors that do help ease the damage inflicted by the international crisis , especially with regard to the availability of foreign currency in these times of restrictions on external financing .
Backers of the stimulus plan now claim that things would have been much worse without ARRA .
The issues that would arise from dealing with allegations of aggression would give ammunition to the ICC 's critics who claim that it is a highly politicized institution .
Fighting Biopiracy OTTAWA -- In April 1999 Larry Proctor , a United States citizen and owner of a seed company , won a patent at the US Patent and Trademark Office -LRB- USPTO -RRB- , claiming a Mexican yellow bean .
To obtain a patent , an applicant must demonstrate that an invention meets three criteria : newness , non-obviousness -LRB- that there is an inventive step -RRB- , and utility -LRB- the invention does what it claims to do -RRB- .
Acknowledging this , CGIAR signed a Trust Agreement with the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization -LRB- FAO -RRB- in 1994 , pledging to keep the seeds in their collections free of any intellectual property claims .
Proctor requested that the patent examination be continued , submitting additional patent claims and even changing his lawyers several times -LRB- allowing more bureaucratic delay -RRB- .
Mexican beans , South Asian basmati rice , Bolivian quinoa , Amazonian ayahuasca , Indian chickpeas , Peruvian nuña beans , Andean maca -- all have been subject to predatory intellectual property claims .
On the one hand , human-rights ideology -- and it is an ideology , every bit as much as Communism was or neo-liberalism is today -- is profoundly legalist , claiming legitimacy from treaties and other international and national instruments .
There was also skepticism among developing countries about whether a stronger UN commitment to human rights was what Annan claimed it to be or , instead , merely a moral flag of convenience -- or worse , a legal warrant for Western military intervention .
The main focus will be the lagging wages of rural workers , whose per capita incomes are currently only 30 % of those in urban areas -- precisely the opposite of China 's aspirations for a more `` harmonious society . '' Among the reforms will be tax policies aimed at boosting rural purchasing power , measures to broaden rural land ownership , and technology-led programs to raise agricultural productivity .
Unlike the West , where the very concept of strategy has become an oxymoron , China has embraced a transitional framework aimed at resolving its sustainability constraints .
While gross inequalities between rich and poor persist , we can not claim to be making adequate progress toward fulfilling the ambitions set down 60 years ago .
Talk to World Bank and WTO officials , and you will get an earful of inflated claims about the benefits that a successful Doha round would bring .
Look closer at these claims , and you find that they are built on sand .
But that has n't stopped the Bank doing its best to hide this meager impact behind impressive-sounding claims .
There remains a possibility that trade negotiators will patch together a last-minute deal in Hong Kong and emerge claiming victory .
Another piece of good news is that the Europeans have now given up their claim on naming the IMF 's managing director -LRB- as have the Americans their corresponding claim on the World Bank presidency -RRB- .
Financial markets discipline governments . This is one of the most commonly stated benefits of financial markets , yet the claim is patently false .
Taking direct aim at Obama 's proposals , he argued that reform of the global financial system should not be driven by what each country sees fit for itself .
Even if true , evading the controls requires incurring additional costs to move funds in and out of a country -- which is precisely what the controls aim to achieve .
Through deliberation councils , supplier development forums , investment advisory councils , sectoral round-tables , or private-public venture funds , collaboration aims to elicit information about investment opportunities and bottlenecks .
Third , industrial policy 's practitioners need to bear in mind that it aims to serve society at large , not the bureaucrats who administer it or the businesses that receive the incentives .
If Greece chooses default , they can not enforce their banks ' claims on Greek borrowers or seize Greek assets .
It will have corrosive effects on the quality of policymaking , as well as undermine Turkey 's claim to global economic standing .
Government prosecutors have mounted a series of sham trials , charging hundreds of military officers , academics , and journalists with membership in an armed terrorist organization aiming to topple the Erdo?an government .
Erdo?an has fanned the flames by claiming that he was aware of such coup plans at the time , but that he disregarded them .
It claims that followers of Fethullah Gulen -- the influential US-based spiritual leader -- have effectively wrested control of the national police and large parts of the judiciary .
Here is a chance for Erdo?an and his allies to back off from their gross violations of the rule of law and build the democracy that they so fervently claim as their goal .
Similarly , in case of bankruptcy , federal laws and courts readily adjudicate claims among creditors , and do so without regard to state borders .
In reality , the trials amount to a grave breach of the rule of law , with the judiciary transformed into a political weapon aimed at opponents of the government and the Gülen movement .
The officers proclaim their innocence and assert that the coup documents are fabricated , but who is to believe them , given what the prosecutors , government , and major media say ?
The defense lawyer points to the key piece of evidence and addresses the prosecutor : `` You , sir , claim that this CD containing all the incriminating documents was prepared by my client in 2003 .
The natural remedies for these pathologies are claimed to be economic openness and improved governance .
I admit that the IMF has its faults , and I do n't aim to gloss over them .
The IMF really does need to listen to its critics and constantly to seek better ways to accomplish its aims .
One can not commend the 1990 's Clinton-Gore administration for taking any brave steps aimed at radically reducing carbon emissions .
It is fine to say that you care about the environment or to claim , as Bush seems to do , that miracle technologies will solve the problem without too much pain .
The claim that the World Bank needs an American president to ensure that the US keeps donating money is ridiculous . The annual cost of the US contribution to the World Bank , even taking into account off-the-books loan guarantees , is relatively minor .
In a sense , a central bank 's relationship with asset markets is like that of a man who claims he is going to the ballet to make himself happy , not to make his wife happy . But then he sheepishly adds that if his wife is not happy , he can not be happy .
Indeed , the US Congress has already produced a series of ominous bills aimed at retaliating against China and other countries that engage in one-way currency intervention .
Moreover , following recent changes at the World Bank , the US is aiming to follow the classic doctor 's dictum : `` First , do no harm . ''
The aim is praiseworthy : to ensure that aid will be unambiguously beneficial , and wo n't merely be exploited by bad governments to extend their hold on power .
China 's claim that its GDP grew at a 6 % rate , during the end of last year , is suspect .
Geithner also aims to make financial deals simpler and easier to evaluate , so that boards , regulators , and investors can better assess the risks they face .
The US proposals , on the other hand , would make universal banking far harder , in part because they aim to ring-fence depository institutions that pose a `` systemic risk '' to the financial system .
The Geithner proposal aims to rein in all of them to some degree .
Unfortunately , we have heard leaders -- especially from the US -- claim before that they recognized the problem .
Of course , the US government claims to want to rein in borrowing . But , assuming the economy must claw its way out of recession for at least another year or two , it is difficult to see how the government can fulfill its Pittsburgh pledge .
The IMF rightly points out that these claims are nonsense .
Perhaps the G-20 government leaders have not done quite as brilliant a job plugging the hole in the financial system as they claim .
All in all , the G-20 's policy of aiming for gradual stabilization of growth in government debt , bringing it into line with national-income growth by 2016 , seems a reasonable approach to balancing short-term stimulus against longer-term financial risks , even at the cost of lingering unemployment .
With huge private debts , falling house prices , and external claims on Ireland amounting to more than 10 times national income -LRB- according to the Reinhart-Rogoff database -RRB- , there was never going to be an easy way out .
The same mechanism that pours profits into the pockets of global corporations also prevents governments from claiming a larger share of the spoils .
Bernanke 's defense was robust and unequivocal . He argued that QE is not nearly as unconventional as its critics claim .
After the financial crisis erupted with full force in 2008 , former US Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker claimed that the only worthwhile financial innovation in recent decades was the ATM .
There is general agreement on the aims to be achieved in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict : the end of violence and a peaceful solution based on the concept of two sovereign states .
The reform treaty that is to be adopted in 2009 is aimed at overcoming the EU 's supposed `` democratic deficit . ''
Nevertheless , it is clear that Chávez will continue with his tropical socialism , proclaiming the value of Venezuela 's participatory democracy and insisting on his anti-imperialist creed .
Recent attempts by Filipino lawyers to prosecute civil claims for environmental tort and human rights abuses before American courts demonstrate just how desperate Filipino claimants are to seek redress against those who have acted negligently or with impunity .
Even those Filipinos who can afford to litigate have to wait ; a claimant in the Dona Paz tragedy , for example , waited 19 years before recovering $ 250,000 in damages .
With traditional monetary policy becoming less effective , non-traditional policy tools aimed at generating greater liquidity and credit -LRB- via quantitative easing and direct central bank purchases of private illiquid assets -RRB- will become necessary .
There are several reasons why gold prices are rising , but they suggest a gradual rise with significant risks of a downward correction , rather than a rapid rise towards $ 2,000 , as today 's gold bugs claim .
Bond-market vigilantes already have taken aim at Greece , Spain , Portugal , the United Kingdom , Ireland , and Iceland , pushing government bond yields higher .
Eventually they may take aim at other countries -- even Japan and the United States -- where fiscal policy is on an unsustainable path .
The socialization of private losses and fiscal laxity aimed at stimulating economies in a slump have led to a dangerous build-up of public budget deficits and debt .
The fifth option is to tighten fiscal policy and reduce budget deficits with the aim of lowering the high interest rates that drive the inflows .
This should be aimed at restraining excessive credit growth , which the monetary growth that follows currency intervention would otherwise cause .
Thus , a second set of policies and institutional reforms requires that all unsecured creditors of banks and other financial institutions need to be `` treated '' -- that is , they must accept losses -LRB- or `` haircuts '' -RRB- on their claims .
Waiting until 2013 to implement these restructurings , as German Chancellor Angela Merkel proposes , will destroy confidence , as it implies a much larger haircut on residual private claims on sovereign borrowers .
Despite the rhetoric of the new Five-Year Plan -- which , like the previous one , aims to increase the share of consumption in GDP -- the path of least resistance is the status quo .
The right balance today requires creating jobs partly through additional fiscal stimulus aimed at productive infrastructure investment .
Karl Marx oversold socialism , but he was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self-destruct .
The CAP 's original aim was to provide a secure source of food for the six original member states of the Union , which were importers of food and sought a degree of self-sufficiency .
From the start , the ICTY 's aims were ambitious , having been launched under the UN Security Council 's peacemaking powers .
Citing a long-standing doctrine in international law , advocates of a write-off claimed that Iraq 's debt was `` odious . '' As a result , the creditors were no longer protected under global legal rules .
As a NATO member , Turkey aims to become a full member of the European Union and establish cordial relations with all of its southern and eastern neighbors .
To claim otherwise plays into the hands of Hezbollah , Syria , and Iran , which want to define their victory as Hezbollah 's survival .
The leaders that brought on failure and the groups that did not triumph become heroes for being able to claim that they courageously fought the enemy without being crushed .
Hezbollah will keep insisting publicly that it yearns for another confrontation , shout defiance , and claim victory .
Israel does not intend to claim this land in the future , never derived any economic benefit from it , and now regards staying there as a security problem rather than an asset .
The left had maintained that Arafat would make a deal and honor it ; the right claimed that Arafat would make a deal and violate it .
Sharon 's solution was unilateral withdrawal and the idea that Israel would decide on its own interim boundaries with a view to what it would claim if there was ever a negotiated agreement .
The president 's son Gamal also has his own charities that provide him with money , claims Kifaya , including the famous al-Mustaqbal organization .
Other cabinet ministers are no better , Kifaya claims .
The Pakistani security establishment believes that it faces a US-Indian-Afghan alliance aimed at undermining Pakistani influence in Afghanistan and even dismembering the Pakistani state . Civilian leaders evaluate Pakistan 's national interests differently , but they , too , can not be indifferent to Pakistan 's chronic sense of insecurity .
Pakistan also claims that the Northern Alliance , part of the anti-Taliban resistance in Afghanistan , is working with India from within Afghanistan 's security services .
Instead , the new US administration should help to create a broad multilateral framework for the region , one aimed at building a genuine consensus on the goal of achieving Afghan stability by addressing the legitimate sources of Pakistan 's insecurity while strengthening opposition to disruptive Pakistani behavior .
The carry trade during this period was primarily aimed at maximizing returns rather than managing risks .
Consider that the violent extremists have their own `` media relations committees '' aimed at manipulating elite opinion .
Science tries to tell us about the physical world and how it works . Religion aims at giving a meaning to the world and to our place in it .
Africa 's AIDS pandemic is well known ; its malaria pandemic , which will claim three million lives and a billion illnesses this year , is not .
The US could bomb Vietnam 's cities to rubble , as it can Iraq 's cities , but this solves nothing , claims vast numbers of innocent lives , and confirms the view of Americans as occupiers .
Donors should lend their support by backing long-term solutions aimed at increasing food production , slowing population growth , and mitigating long-term global climate change .
The Europeans who conquered and colonized the Americas after 1492 did not find vast empty lands , as they sometimes proclaimed , but rather lands populated by communities dating back thousands of years .
Consider the claims of inefficiency and waste .
The Nordic experience also belies conservatives ' claim that a large social welfare state weakens incentives to work and save .
The claim by many Israelis that there are `` no partners for peace '' is absurd .
Similarly , the claim that we are headed toward an inevitable clash of civilizations is sheer madness , propounded by people who think the worst of other groups but do n't really know them through personal contact or shared experience .
Vice President Dick Cheney reiterated these fears in the run-up to the Iraq War , claiming that Saddam Hussein was building a massive arsenal of weapons of mass destruction to `` take control of a great portion of the world 's energy supplies . ''
If anything , the war will threaten those supplies by stoking the very radicalism it claims to be fighting .
Second , she claimed that there had been vote rigging `` on both sides , '' and suggested that the true election results were very close and that perhaps Kibaki had won .
During 2002-2006 , I led the United Nations Millennium Project , which aimed to achieve the Millennium Development Goals , for then-UN Secretary General Kofi Annan .
Stimulus spending aims to use higher government outlays or tax incentives to offset the decline in household consumption and business investment .
They claimed that scientists were fabricating evidence in order to obtain government research grants -- a ludicrous accusation , I thought at the time , given that the scientists under attack have devoted their lives to finding the truth , and have certainly not become rich relative to their peers in finance and business .
This focus on material improvement aimed at meeting basic needs makes sense for a country at Bhutan 's relatively low income level .
President Barack Obama will lose any hope for passing progressive legislation aimed at helping the poor or the environment .
Both political parties serve their rich campaign contributors , while proclaiming that they defend the middle class .
The document is filled with nonsense , such as the fatuous claim that high taxes and over-regulation explain America 's high unemployment .
Income inequality is at historic highs , but the rich claim that they have no responsibility to the rest of society .
Ronald Reagan gained popularity by cutting social benefits for the poor -LRB- claiming that the poor cheated to receive extra payments -RRB- .
The US is far too focused on expensive and failed military approaches in the drylands -- whether in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Yemen , or Somalia -- to pay heed to long-term economic development strategies aimed at addressing the root causes of these countries ' ongoing crises .
Then the war itself began with the so-called `` shock and awe '' bombing of Baghdad -- a made-for-TV live spectacle aimed at ensuring high ratings for the US-led invasion .
This fund would be aimed not only at poor countries , but at some middle income countries like South Africa where diseases like AIDS are so rampant that the volume of drugs needed to combat disease can not be purchased even at reduced prices .
Exports of machinery and transport equipment , embodying higher technology , claimed only 10 % or so of exports and only 1 % of GDP .
Many cases of investment advice do not reflect an attempt to assess market trends but rather the commercial interests of their firms , which aim to sell the shares of their corporate clients .
In defining competitiveness we are not claiming that one country 's competitiveness means another country 's lack of competitiveness .
To further the Summit 's goals , Dr. Gro Harlem Brundtland asked me to head a Commission on Macroeconomics and Health with the aim of charting a path for the world to achieve those MDGs in health and poverty reduction .
They hailed the strength of the US economy , bemoaned the alleged weaknesses of the European economy , and claimed that the Euro was mismanaged .
Insurance claims against natural disasters rose to unprecedented levels during the 1990s , suggesting that the social costs of environmental upheavals have intensified .
If rich countries blame unlucky countries - claiming that they are somehow culturally or politically unfit to benefit from globalization - we will create not only deeper pockets of poverty but also deepening unrest .
Yet I know that he reflects a deep-seated viewpoint , though one far from claiming a majority in Europe .
The new Prime Minister , Abdullah Gul , immediately declared gaining accession to Europe a priority . `` Our aim is to show the world that a country which has a Muslim population can also be democratic , transparent , modern , and cooperative with the world . ''
America will soon try to appoint an Iraqi regime that will aim to cancel many of Saddam 's oil contracts with France , Russia , and China , in order to make room for US and UK firms . But this will be harder to accomplish than simply sending in the US army .
Of course , moderates on both sides would prefer as much land and room to maneuver as possible , but they prefer a negotiated compromise aimed at ending the violence .
Ironically , President Bush claims that the UN does not follow through on its word .
We should aim to develop technologies and infrastructure so that these other fossil fuels can be used efficiently and safely .
The UN successfully resisted the powerful pressures of the US to condone a war with Iraq despite repeated US claims , now known to be false , that Iraq was in possession of weapons of mass destruction .
At the heart of the budget is the realization that reducing poverty requires both rapid economic growth and targeted investments aimed at the poorest of the poor .
Thus , the budget supports critical areas of market reform and growth promotion , including measures aimed at deepening the financial sector , promoting exports , and liberalizing foreign direct investment .
Earlier in the afternoon , 10 separate plumes of smoke rose from Southern Falluja , as it etched against the desert sky , and probably exclaimed catastrophe for the insurgents . ''
The US claims that it helps the world fight poverty , but instead spends its money on weapons .
The annual US budget deficit reached 5 % of GNP , with an enormous part of the gap financed each year by Asian central banks , which now hold about $ 2 trillion in claims against America .
The Bush administration claims that more research is needed before any action is taken .
Instead , they have pursued a gradualist approach that aims to co-opt and recruit disaffected members of the traditional classes , including clergy and Revolutionary Guardsmen , to the Green Movement .
The ICD code also frames eligibility for related social goods like hospital care , medical retirement , claims for disability compensation , hospice care , and home health care , to name a few .
In the Gulf , Iran has tried to reassure its Arab neighbors that Iranian power is not aimed at them and can in fact be a pillar of gulf security .
But it has largely achieved its aims .
President Alvaro Uribe 's administration has committed itself to reducing the public-sector deficit to below 2.5 % of GDP and pursues an export-led recovery which has received widespread acclaim internationally and from business leaders .
The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan , perhaps the country 's most credible human rights body , argues that while `` the violence now deeply embedded in society is to be rooted out over the coming years , '' that task `` presents bigger challenges than merely picking up , detaining , and torturing those who authorities claim are militants . ''
The army action in Wana , aimed against Al Qaeda and Taliban operatives who are believed to be hiding there , has led to several civilian casualties , including women and children , and rendered over 30,000 people homeless .
But human rights groups question how the five to six hundred Al-Qaeda operatives that the government claims were holed up in the area came to be based there in the first place .
Specifically , the EU must develop a diplomatic strategy aimed at strengthening cooperation with all major energy producing , transit , and consumer countries , while creating within the Union a mutually beneficial , open , transparent , and stable energy sector based on reciprocity .
Such a single voice would not erode individual countries ' sovereign right to determine their energy production mix i.e. balance between conventional , renewables and nuclear , as some Eurosceptics claim ; it is simply common sense between countries determined to defend their common security .
Public interest is the missile , and the target is the `` ruling power , '' which protects itself by providing a decoy in the form of aimless talk .
As a result , enormous resources -- both funds and officials ' time -- were invested in youth movements created by Kremlin puppeteers , with two aims : control street political activity and prepare brigades for a future struggle -- which might include ballot rigging -- against political opponents .
It is difficult to invent a more potentially explosive moniker , for the name proudly proclaims a division between `` us '' and `` them '' -- the most ancient and most destructive of human instincts .
By that point , this age group in industrial countries will claim one-third of the total population . It will take another century for the rest of the world to catch up .
Navigating Lebanon 's Political Minefield On the face of it , the donor conference of Western and oil-rich Arab nations in Paris this week merely continues the work of two previous multilateral conferences in 2001 and 2002 , aimed at helping Lebanon to rebuild its infrastructure after years of civil war and Israeli occupation and to tackle its massive debt .
China claims that its power over Pyongyang is limited .
Thus , its proclaimed `` disagreement '' with North Korea 's withdrawal from the Non-Proliferation Treaty was relatively mild .
As most of the world knows , America 's quest to maintain its claim to the title of `` greatness , '' has , of late , also been elusive .
Why , when they share common economic interests - one million Taiwanese live on the Mainland , working in some 50,000 firms in which Taiwanese have invested over $ 400 billion - does China aim 500 short-range missiles at Taiwan ?
This does not mean that enlarging the EU 's competencies should be the aim at any cost .
Indeed , it has simply taken new forms , partly owing to economic and technical progress - and with it an increase in available wealth - and partly owing to efforts aimed at allaying it .
Equal rights , according to this logic - as socialist thought has emphasized - imply public policies aimed at narrowing inequalities in the actual living conditions of all citizens .
So the authorities ' aim seems clear : put Khodorkovsky and Lebedev away for a much longer time -- more than 20 years if they are convicted . Few doubt that they will be .
If large corporations -LRB- and other banks -RRB- have deposits that they expect to be able to claim on short notice , and if they know that not all such deposits can be withdrawn at the same time , then suspicion that a bank might fail gives them as much reason to rush to the exit as households have .
Indeed , without returning to the illusion of economic planning , these countries need to be able to set conditions for foreign investors that aim to maximize the local impact on employment , technological diffusion , strategic partnerships , and so forth . At the same time , developing countries may need to promote local private sectors and `` infant industries '' through temporary protectionist measures , which would help them to upgrade their output on the road to liberalization .
But an agreement could be reached to establish categories of countries , the most important aim being to prevent dumping between countries that are at the same stage of development .
Making the IMF and World Bank Work for the Poor The World Bank has long proclaimed its dream of `` a world free from poverty . ''
The MDGs were meant to help international solidarity move from a logic of inputs -LRB- how much aid do we give ? -RRB- to one of outputs -LRB- what concrete impact are we aiming for ? -RRB- .
By aiming for targets that are far out of reach of the poorest countries ' public finances , the international community has agreed to substitute itself for those states in providing essential social services through long-term financial transfers .
This is one of the main aims of global taxation mechanisms , such as the International Finance Facility initiative and the Airplane Tax .
Claims that he abandoned his nuclear program in response to the US-led invasion of Iraq have been refuted by Flynt Leverett , director for Middle Eastern affairs at the US National Security Council from 2002 to 2003 .
Defenders of the Bush doctrine claim that this is impossible when they operate out of failed states that can not police their borders .
This would also be unrealistic , because in the current age of globalization , any claims to democracy would be exposed as obviously false .
His most controversial political moves were aimed at his domestic opponents , not the Chinese government on the mainland .
The message was obvious : his was the only group with a legitimate claim to being native Taiwanese .
In all , it is estimated that more than 70 million people died in the `` New China '' Mao and the present Communist Party leaders so proudly proclaim as their accomplishment .
It is as if the Nazis were still in power , with the current leaders claiming that Hitler was only 30 % wrong .
China deserves better ; it requires better in order to reclaim the glory that was China .
After all , senior bankers had been claiming that these assets were `` mispriced , '' and that pricing them at market levels would penalize the banks unnecessarily .
One early Palestinian achievement has been a ceasefire agreement among all factions , including Hamas and Islamic Jihad -LRB- although both groups claim the right to retaliate for Israel 's `` targeted killings '' of their leaders -RRB- .
Initially aimed at creating a security fence along the green line , the 1967 borders of Israel , it has gradually stretched across that would-be boundary , confiscating Palestinian land and amounting to a de facto annexation of a large part of the West Bank .
For those elections that have been genuinely competitive , researchers claim to have found evidence of positive effects .
But if the rate rises to 8 % , mortgage interest payments rise to 24 % , which , together with amortization , taxes , other debts , and necessary expenditures , may claim too much of the family budget .
Interest rate increases will deliver a fresh dose of reality : the interest expense of owning a home is going to claim a larger share of family budgets , a hard fact that will eventually sink into our thinking .
In the United States , President George W. Bush 's Commission to Strengthen Social Security cited Siegel for its claim that the government should encourage people to invest in stocks .
But claims that China is overheating do n't seem to be based on observations of inflation .
Nor are these claims based on the Chinese stock market , which has generally followed a downward path over the past few years .
It is aimed at dealing with long-term changes in the labor market , rather than assuring temporary wage levels .
The article claimed that the change raised costs by forcing British construction workers to perform more of their jobs in relative darkness .
In fact , Blinder 's proposal is only one of many possible government policies aimed at dealing with the Internet-age turmoil in the market for jobs and livelihoods .
Any claim like that will inevitably attract attention .
Gyourko , Mayer , and Sinai justify their claim by arguing that these cities really are unique .
Now we think of them as claims on increasingly scarce resources in a rapidly growing world , with prices potentially skyrocketing any day .
In many countries , governments in 2009 responded to the collapse of housing bubbles by instituting policies aimed at supporting these speculative markets .
By 1910 , according to The Manchester Guardian , `` The Jungle Scare '' had spread to the United Kingdom , where it had been taken up by `` less scrupulous -LRB- sic -RRB- newspapers of this country , '' with `` slanderous '' and `` sensational '' claims about the food industry .
A successful economy , Bush argued , requires that people learn to take responsibility for their actions , and policies aimed at boosting home ownership would inculcate this virtue on a broader scale .
The same World Bank study estimates that total claims accruing to insurers in Japan might ultimately cost these companies $ 33 billion .
The best that can be hoped for are serious joint research and development projects , such as collaboration on carbon capture and sequestration , aimed at demonstrating that both leaders are at least pulling in the same direction in addressing climate change .
The fuel for the air base came mostly from Russia , and the main Pentagon contractor 's local dealers falsely claimed that it was intended for domestic civilian consumption , thereby benefiting from lower import tariffs .
When this happens , seed is transformed from being a common good into being the `` intellectual property '' of companies such as Monsanto , for which the corporation can claim limitless profits through royalty payments .
State regulation does continue to exist where seeds are concerned , but nowadays it is aimed at farmers , who are being pushed into dependency on patented , corporate seed .
This is why the suicides are most prevalent in the cotton belt on which the seed industries ' claim is rapidly becoming a stranglehold .
At the start , the technology for engineering Bt genes into cotton was aimed primarily at controlling pests .
But that renewed Sino-Russian marriage always smacked more of convenience -- aimed as it was at checking American hegemony -- than of true romance .
It may not yet be ready to embark on a full-fledged policy of `` containment , '' but in the wake of the dismemberment of Georgia -- and with Russia claiming a zone of `` privileged influence '' throughout the former Soviet world -- China clearly views Russia as an emerging strategic threat .
Thus , the settling of the border dispute with Russia was not aimed so much at building a geopolitical marriage as securing each other 's rear , offering both sides a free hand to explore opportunities elsewhere .
The SADC should not endorse the regime 's claim of victory in an uncontested election .
This was the reasoning behind the Polish-Norwegian initiative aimed at addressing the issue of tactical nuclear weapons within the larger arms-control framework that was launched in this past April .
Our NATO allies launched proportionate military operations aimed at denying Col. Muammar Qaddafi 's regime the means to attack civilian targets .
EU member states share highly sensitive intelligence and police information as never before , thereby increasing public security while upholding world-class legal and democratic standards . These operational measures have been complemented by carefully calibrated policies that aim to acknowledge social diversity but reduce the political space available for intolerance and bigotry .
That taboo still claims routine support from many African leaders . And yet Eritrea 's secession from Ethiopia did not lead to other breakaway movements in Africa .
When dealing with the EU , member states usually aim for arrangements and regulations that ensure cooperation within agreed-upon frameworks .
Instituting public debate on European policy throughout the Union will help clarify the aims of the unification project , make common interests apparent , and determine Europe 's institutional shape .
Our aim was to grant some basic rights to the nonhuman great apes : life , liberty , and the prohibition of torture .
Some opponents argue that , in extending rights beyond our own species , it goes too far , while others claim that , in limiting rights to the great apes , it does not go far enough .
Today , enterprising firms offer , for a fee , to tell you about your genes . They claim that this knowledge will help you live longer and better .
By selecting particular villages and providing basic health care , bed nets to stop malaria , primary education , better seeds , and other agricultural assistance , the organization aims to show that well-designed , comprehensive aid plans can , at relatively modest cost , raise people out of poverty .
Because of these ideals , he proclaimed , the United States `` remains a beacon of hope for all who dream of liberty and a shining example to the world of what a free people can achieve . ''
The commander of the Guantánamo task force , Rear Admiral Harry B. Harris , Jr. , recently defended harsh treatment of his prisoners , claiming , `` They 're all terrorists ; they 're all enemy combatants . ''
Isen and Levin claimed that of the 16 who found a coin , 14 helped the woman , while of the 25 who did not find a coin , only one helped her .
We cheer them on . We acclaim them when they win .
Bizarre theories sprung up about Diana 's death including claims that the British secret service murdered her because she was a threat to the throne , or that she is living happily with her new love , Dodi Fayed , having staged the entire event to get away from the glare of publicity .
This was not , he claimed , what he meant , and more importantly , `` there is no scientific basis for such a belief . ''
Putting aside the specific claims that Watson made in his Sunday Times interview , a genuinely difficult question remains : should scientists investigate the possibility of a link between race and intelligence ?
Finally , D'Souza fell back , as many Christians do when pressed , on the claim that we should not expect to understand God 's reasons for creating the world as it is . It is as if an ant should try to understand our decisions , so puny is our intelligence in comparison with the infinite wisdom of God .
The ten arrested leaders are being held without charges or specific allegations made against them , under a law aimed at members of criminal organizations such as the mafia .
But if Obama fails to make good on his promise of change , it will be decades before the electorate again places its trust in a candidate who claims to be different from the usual run of politicians .
In the newspaper Le Figaro , a section on how to scale back one 's expenses predicted a `` revolution in values '' and claimed that people will put family ahead of work . -LRB- Americans think the French , with their shorter working hours and longer summer vacations , already put family ahead of work . -RRB-
Moreover , as Elie Hassenfeld has argued on GiveWell.net , there are good grounds for thinking that disaster relief is less cost-effective than aid aimed at saving the lives of those who are risk from extreme poverty .
And imagine the acclaim for the heroes who had saved so many children .
He claims that every dollar invested in preparing for natural disasters saves ten dollars in future damage .
Hwang and his colleagues claimed to have replaced the nucleus of an unfertilized human egg with the nucleus of an ordinary cell taken from another person , developing stem-cell lines from the resulting embryo that matched the DNA of the person who supplied the ordinary cell .
Nevertheless , few researchers doubt that what Hwang and his colleagues claimed to do is , in principle , achievable .
But it is precisely this reasoning that is threatened by what Hwang and his team claimed to have achieved .
Once we abandon arguments based on potential , the claim that it is wrong to kill embryos and fetuses must be based on the nature of those entities themselves -- that they are actual human beings who already possess the characteristics that make killing wrong .
I trust that among the experts will be some who have pondered the underlying ethical question : how safe should we aim to be ?
That this should happen while developed nations waste hundreds of millions of tons of grain and soybeans by feeding them to animals , and obesity reaches epidemic proportions , undermines our claims to believe in the equal value of all human life .
Zimbabwean authorities claim that the violent human rights abuses have stopped , but the ethical problem with Marange diamonds goes much deeper .
Tiger parenting aims at getting children to make the most of what abilities they have , and so seems to lean towards the `` clever '' side of the `` clever or happy '' choice .
We should aim for our children to be good people , and to live ethical lives that manifest concern for others as well as for themselves .
Publishers and authors disagreed , and some sued Google for breach of copyright , eventually agreeing to settle their claim in exchange for a share of Google 's revenue .
Until now , Parfit , who is Emeritus Fellow of All Souls College , Oxford , had written only one book , Reasons and Persons , which appeared in 1984 , to great acclaim .
What we gain from Parfit 's work is the possibility of defending these and other moral claims as objective truths .
Publicity for the new film claims that it is `` the first live-action film in the history of movies to star , and be told from the point of view of , a sentient animal . '' Yet no live apes were used .
Last month , the military forces that this same president commands aimed a missile at a house in Damadola , a Pakistani village near the Afghanistan border .
Despite India 's historically established territorial claims to the region , China terms the area `` disputed , '' a description that it has now begun to extend to the whole of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir .
Indeed , some years back , a planned visit to Indian Ladakh by the PLA 's commander of the Lanzhou Military Region was canceled on the grounds that Pakistan had protested -- implying that Pakistan had a legitimate claim to the area .
This effort to encircle India by sea with strategically positioned naval stations from Hainan in the East to Gwadar in the West , and on land by promoting bogus Pakistani claims that undermine India 's territorial integrity , takes the `` Great Game '' to a new and more dangerous level .
Iran , of course , repeatedly asserts its commitment to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- , but its past relations with Dr. A. Q. Khan -- the self-proclaimed `` godfather '' of Pakistan 's nuclear-weapons program , and the world 's most notorious nuclear proliferator -- invites skepticism .
But , in the process of laying claim to Iran 's oil , subverting its democracy , and jeopardizing its national security , the US and Britain committed a much graver sin : the wounding of Iranians ' national pride .
Iran may be a self-proclaimed theocracy , but it has conducted foreign relations since the 1979 revolution in a rational , if not always emollient , way .
Moreover , it would reduce the fiscal burden on taxpayers in immigration countries , thereby preventing a competitive dismantling of West European welfare states driven by the aim of warding off expensive immigration .
Santa Claus Speaks German Santa Claus was a Turkish Dervish who in the middle ages traveled through Central and Northern Europe , giving gifts to children and claiming to be the re-incarnation of Greek St. Nicholas , who preached in the fourth century .
To do so , they develop complicated legal claim structures that hardly anyone can fully understand and operate with too little equity capital to cover the risks .
The IMF , the G7 or a joint US-European body could be the right forum for determining new rules for financial markets aimed at enhancing the efficiency and stability of the world economy .
In Germany , where growth averaged 1.8 % during this period , some journalists proclaimed a new economic miracle .
In the US , real-estate prices remain in free fall , and the banking crisis is still claiming new victims -LRB- Bear Stearns , IndyMac , First Heritage Bank , First National Bank of Nevada , First Priority Bank , Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , etc. -RRB- .
Paul Krugman , who has aimed massive criticism at Germany 's government , should keep this in mind .
Americans now claim caveat emptor : Europeans should have known how risky these securities were when they bought them .
And according to an NBER working paper by Efraim Benmelech and Jennifer Dlugosz , 70 % of the CDOs received a triple-A rating even though the MBSs from which they were constructed had just a B + rating , on average , which would have made them unmarketable .
A CDO is a claim against a chain of claims that ends at US homeowners .
If the bank goes bankrupt , the holder of the covered bond has a direct claim against the homeowner , who can not escape payment by simply returning his house key .
If the Greek state goes bust , so will Greek banks , and the ECB would have to write off its claims against them , taking a charge of roughly ¤ 6 billion .
Proclaiming a systemic crisis of the euro , Sarkozy seized the opportunity and took Germany by surprise .
By formally proclaiming a systemic euro crisis -- when in fact there was only nervous market reaction concerning a few European countries ' government bonds -- they could invoke Article 122 of the Union Treaty , which was intended to help member countries in the event of natural disasters beyond their control .
The average interest-rate spread relative to Germany of the countries protected by the new rescue package was 1.08 percentage points on May 7 , when the world was claimed to be going under .
The Stability and Growth Pact , aimed at punishing countries that breach the 3 % - of-GDP deficit limit , was a joke : not a single wayward country was ever punished .
Rather than coming at the expense of the US , as is constantly claimed , it was the renminbi 's low valuation that allowed Americans to dream their American dream of universal homeownership .
The Europeans wanted to achieve their goal through , among other means , further environmental protection and more social cohesion -- desirable aims , but certainly not growth strategies .
That doctrine of hard discipline was abolished in a coup in May 2010 , when it was claimed that the world would collapse unless Germany opened its purse .
It is emblematic of the laxity with which the Stability and Growth Pact was pursued that Greece was able to join the euro through plain fraud , claiming that its deficit ratio was below the 3 % - of-GDP threshold when it was , in fact , far above it .
As the account includes international payments for both trade in goods and financial claims , a deficit in a country 's Target account indicates foreign borrowing via the ECB , whereas a surplus denotes foreign lending via the ECB .
The balance is not reported on the ECB 's balance sheet , since it is zero in the aggregate , but it does show up on the respective balance sheets of the national central banks as interest-bearing claims against , and liabilities to , the ECB system .
For example , the Bundesbank 's Target claims ballooned from ¤ 5 billion in 2006 to ¤ 323 billion by March 2011 .
The counterpart to these claims were the GIPS ' liabilities , which had grown to about ¤ 340 billion by the end of last year .
First , it would at best aim to solve the debt problem ; it would not increase competitiveness .
In essence , Germany and Italy traded Target claims against marketable assets .
Only `` unreasonable '' claims may be refused , but the state will bear the burden of proving unreasonableness .
Nor can the duration of the residence permit be shortened simply because the immigrant claims welfare assistance .
Just four years ago , we were enmeshed in a brutal 14-year civil war that claimed 270,000 lives , destroyed the fabric of our communities , and reduced average income by over 80 % .
Properly used , an oil fund can contribute to this aim , but it should do so indirectly , by promoting domestic financial stability .
The departing commander of British forces in Afghanistan , Brigadier Mark Carleton-Smith , has claimed that defeating the Taliban was `` neither feasible nor supportable . ''
Predictably , both parties deny that any serious negotiations took place , while the United States and Britain claimed to know nothing about this `` Saudi initiative . ''
But , to lawyers like the ICC prosecutor , the abstract claims of justice are more vivid than any concrete duty of protection .
Moreover , while the fear of being hauled off to The Hague may have some effect in deterring rulers from committing crimes against humanity , the claim that the Bashir warrant will deter the current crop of human rights ' violators is derisory .
This proposition overturned the previous Keynesian orthodoxy that macroeconomic policy should aim at full employment , with the control of inflation left to wage policy .
Nor has Thatcherite policy succeeded in one of its chief aims -- to reduce the share of government spending in national income .
Moldova 's main claim to fame is King Stephen the Great , who defeated the Ottomans in a great fifteenth century battle .
To get to Moldova from Odessa -LRB- now in Ukraine -RRB- one must drive through the self-proclaimed `` republic '' of Transdniestria -LRB- population 700,000 -RRB- , a sliver of land on the north shore of the Dniester river .
When he gets around to economics , Cochrane aims his blows at two points : Krugman 's attack on the `` efficient market theory '' and his advocacy of `` fiscal stimulus '' for depressed economies .
Parliamentarians were allowed to claim expenses for the upkeep of properties connected with their official duties .
In May of this year , London 's Daily Telegraph began publishing details of MPs ' expenses claims .
Upwardly mobile MPs from the ruling Labor Party claimed the trappings of their newly-acquired middle-class status : second homes , mock-tudor beams , and plasma screen televisions .
By contrast , the rich grandees of the Conservative Party claimed reimbursement for such things as repairs to swimming pool boilers , moat cleaning , and hanging chandeliers .
Legislation or regulation aimed at restoring faith in the political class should be a last , not a first , resort .
Although the MPs ' expenses scandal -- parliamentarians claiming reimbursement for dubious expenses -- hit both main parties , the most egregious cases involved wealthy Conservative MPs .
To the extent that complexity in finance or politics creates new opportunities to deceive , impedes understanding , or blurs lines of accountability , we should aim to reduce it .
It has often been claimed that capitalism rewards the qualities of self-restraint , hard-work , inventiveness , thrift , and prudence .
But consumption is not an ethical aim .
Finally , the claim that everyone is -- under ideal conditions -- paid what they are worth is an economic , not a moral , valuation .
It has become dangerously dependent on economic success , so that any large-scale economic failure will expose the shallowness of its moral claims .
The question he asked of his opponents was : `` What must they believe in order to claim that persistent mass unemployment is impossible , so that government ` stimulus ' to raise the employment level could do no good ? '' In answering this question , Keynes reconstructed the orthodox theory -- and then proceeded to demolish it .
It amounts to claiming that the factors of production will always be fully employed , and that , in Cochrane 's words , `` if the government borrows a dollar from you , that is a dollar that you do not spend , or that you do not lend to a company to spend on new investment . ''
Today 's `` efficient market theory '' restored to economics the assumption of perfect knowledge by claiming that all risks are correctly priced .
Fiscal consolidation , its advocates claim , `` might '' lead investors to expect improvement on the supply side of the economy .
The pessimists -- mainly Russian historians -- claimed that Russia would find it difficult , if not impossible , to overcome its legacy of autocracy .
It is a difficult balancing act , because Putin can always reclaim the presidency if he believes that his erstwhile protégé wants to dismantle the authoritarian state he has created .
Not surprisingly , China accuses it of deliberately aiming to depreciate the dollar .
They typically admit that free trade costs jobs , but claim that re-training programs will fit workers into new , `` higher value '' jobs .
Journalists who claim otherwise are not a representative sample , even in Western countries .
Imperialism Reclaimed
And , as I suggested above , all schemes aimed at easing the burden of work and increasing the amount of leisure risk falling victim to our genius for conjuring up new disasters .
Entertaining gossip has mutated into an assault on privacy , with newspapers claiming that any attempt to keep them out of people 's bedrooms is an assault on free speech .
You know that a doctrine is in trouble when not even those claiming to defend it understand what it means .
In the run-up to the crisis , experts loudly claimed that `` efficient '' financial markets could be safely left to regulate themselves .
Glass-Steagall aimed to prevent commercial banks from gambling with their depositors ' money by mandating the institutional separation of retail and investment banking . The result was 65 years of relative financial stability .
Surprisingly , Gore did not include the Asian tsunami of 2004 , which claimed 225,000 lives .
The second claim is that these countries live in peace because they are democracies .
The economic guru of that era , Milton Friedman , claimed that the deliberate pursuit of full employment was bound to fuel inflation .
The UN 's Mandate Gap The United Nations peacekeeping operations now underway in Lebanon offer a big opportunity for the UN to demonstrate its relevance and impact on the world stage in the 21st century . If only those member states who claim to be the UN 's biggest supporters put their money where their mouths are .
Last November , Musharraf effectively declared war on both the bar and the judiciary , dismissing all judges who refused to recognize his declaration of a state of emergency , purportedly aimed at protecting the nation from terrorists .
The seven-member Supreme Court , headed by Chief Justice Iftikar Mohammad Chaudhry , countered by issuing an order barring the government from proclaiming emergency rule .
A second line of action is to strengthen the international institutions ' soft powers to aim for more consistent economic policies , especially by systemically important economies .
All this occurred against the background of emerging-market economies ' claims that their relatively low representation in the BWIs denied the IMF legitimacy .
An example of this is the way the IMF 's Decision on Bilateral Surveillance over Members ' Policies , aimed at identifying fundamental exchange-rate misalignments , was modified to allow greater discretion in surveillance , especially over exchange rates .
LONDON -- The budget-cutting austerity program of Britain 's new coalition government has been claiming all the headlines , but David Cameron 's cabinet is breaking with its Labor predecessor in another key area as well : human rights .
The next two key milestones came during the 1880 's , with the invention by Benz , Daimler , and Maybach of the gasoline-fuelled Otto-cycle internal combustion engine and the patenting of Charles Parsons ' steam turbine .
Since January 2006 , Moscow has negotiated separate deals with energy companies from Germany , France , Italy , Hungary , Serbia , Slovakia , and Denmark that could undercut Europe 's efforts to build additional pipelines aimed at bypassing Russia 's near monopoly of supplies from Central Asia .
It also claims to have been subsidizing the price of energy to the Commonwealth of Independent States , when in reality it is the Central Asians who have been subsidizing Russia to an even greater extent .
Deeds speak louder than words , and deeds on the transatlantic level have been swift and decisive - for example , joint efforts aimed at choking off terrorist financing - even when we had strong divergences over Iraq .
Indeed , the EU has undertaken 24 missions in Europe , Africa , and Asia , differing in nature , scope , and aims , and combining military and civilian means .
As political reform achieves results , Israel will no longer be able to claim that it is the only democracy in the Middle East ; with conditions changing on the ground , it will be increasingly difficult to ignore Palestinians ' demand for independence .
It is also experiencing a profound economic crisis , which erupted around the same time that the Lisbon Treaty -- aimed at accommodating EU enlargement -- was finally approved .
Taken together , all these shortcomings cast serious doubt on the EU 's claim to be leading the debate over a fundamental reshaping of global economic governance .
Far from shaping the contours of a new balanced structure of global governance , the EU has been reduced to taking a series of rearguard positions aimed at tempering its own loss of stature .
The European public has discovered that the 2008-2009 fiscal stimulus programs , which were aimed at forestalling an even greater crisis , generated more debts than jobs .
Google , at least for a short while , seemed to follow different guidelines in its Chinese business , appearing to adhere to its widely proclaimed ethical principle , `` Do n't be evil . ''
Google 's move seemed to reconcile its proclaimed libertarian philosophy with its business ethics .
Indeed , even America 's smaller welfare state seems aimed at the middle class more than at the poor , with the so-called Earned Income Tax Credit being the biggest handout .
In order to preserve their shared domination , they have more or less agreed to a `` Republican Front '' strategy aimed at excluding the National Front in the second round of all elections .
Famously in France 's Ancien Régime , the judges collectively acted as a close-knit , self-contained social class . The French Revolution and the introduction of universal suffrage were aimed as much at ridding France of the corporation of judges as they were at getting rid of the nobility .
Those who make such claims are bound to be wrong at times , and so can enforce their claims only by coercion and repression .
If you are not with us , you are with the terrorists , he proclaims .
Caspian Revenue Watch aims to build the capacity of civil society in the new states surrounding the Caspian Sea , through research , training , and partnerships , to monitor the collection and expenditure of government revenues from the extractive sector .
Indeed , since September 2001 , the war on terror has claimed more innocent victims than those terrorist attacks .
When both claims proved false , he argued that America invaded Iraq to liberate the Iraqi people .
That claim was even more far-fetched .
Bush then claimed that America went to war to liberate Iraq .
The concept of open society is based on the recognition that nobody possesses the ultimate truth . To claim otherwise leads to repression .
The `` accountability moment '' has passed , he claims , and he is ready to confront tyranny throughout the world according to his own lights .
That plot , which could have claimed more victims than the 9\/11 attacks , was foiled by the vigilance of the British intelligence authorities . Clearly , it wo n't be the last .
Because these ideologies ' claim to be in possession of the ultimate truth is bound to be false , they can be imposed on society only through repression and compulsion .
We must abandon Popper 's tacit assumption that political discourse aims at a better understanding of reality and reintroduce it as an explicit requirement .
President Barack Obama has deployed the `` confidence multiplier '' and claims to have contained the recession .
The US economy needs higher productivity , but US corporations , which are operating very profitably , are accumulating cash instead of investing it -- with quantitative easing aimed at heading off deflation .
First , China asserted a `` core interest '' in the South China Sea , effectively claiming its 200-mile `` special economic zone '' throughout the region as territorial waters .
The actual taxes and payments made by mining , oil , and other extractive-industry companies to governments are usually a well-kept secret , even though most of these governments claim to use the revenue for the public good .
French Finance Minister Christine Lagarde recently highlighted the necessity of promoting `` initiatives within industrial sectors that aim to enhance governance , integrity , and transparency in economic transactions . ''
But market fundamentalists are wrong in claiming that eliminating moral hazard is all that is required to put the international financial system on a sound footing .
The highest grade would make a country automatically eligible for Contingent Credit Lines and bondholders would be given an assurance that in case of an IMF program their claims would be fully respected .
This makes it arguably too powerful , because WTO rules concerned with trade liberalization trump domestic regulations aimed at other important social values .
In the meantime , the return to the idea of a `` just cause '' carries big risks , especially evident when , as happened in Georgia , a great power claims the mantle of a protector of the rights of its nationals in a neighboring country .
So the object of international law is not to ban `` unjust '' wars and permit `` just '' ones , but to assure that wars are waged for limited aims , so that they do n't rage out of control .
The persistence of the Zimbabwean crisis profoundly damages South Africa 's claim to leadership of efforts at African transformation via organizations such as NEPAD , which is largely dependent on Western aid .
The long-term future of South Africa 's foreign policy is uncertain : its emergence as a power of substance with a claim to a seat in a reformed UN Security Council will ultimately depend on the government 's capacity to attract foreign investment sufficient to help deliver economic and social goods to the country 's black majority .
Some claim that smaller entities can fail without impairing the system , thus sparing taxpayers the cost of a bailout .
Some prominent policymakers and analysts , however , argue that oversight aimed at identifying and stemming systemic risk is futile .
Following the capital injections and Fed programs aimed at supporting the financial system , the stimulus package was an important step , notwithstanding disagreements about its size , effectiveness , and targeting .
To be fair , given the SOEs ' legacy costs -LRB- stemming from their responsibilities for social services and insurance -RRB- , together with their financial distress in the 1990 's , it made sense for a while to let them keep their retained earnings and not place additional claims on them through the government budget .
The domestic policy focus in Europe has been to cut deficits , with scant attention to reforms or investments aimed at boosting medium-term growth .
Georgia 's current economic collapse provides little incentive for either of these self-proclaimed independent republics to support reunification .
Second , to set high debt ratios on a diminishing path , governments will have to aim at reducing deficits further in line with their medium-term budgetary objectives .
The Asar Party , founded and led by President Nazarbayev 's daughter , was expected to claim second place , assuring her eventual succession .
Imperial Hubris The United States , with its claims of exceptionalism , is usually thought of as free of historical analogies .
But by that time , even the civilian chancellor had resolved on extravagant war aims that made hopes for a negotiated peace illusory .
Some claim that the IMF was too lenient ; others that it was too tough .
When George Bush was elected , he claimed that tax cuts for the rich would cure all the economy 's ailments .
Defenders of markets sometimes admit that they do fail , even disastrously , but they claim that markets are `` self-correcting . ''
Moreover , what little action has been taken has been aimed at shoring up the financial system .
For those of us who claimed some connection to the Keynesian tradition , this is a moment of triumph , after having been left in the wilderness , almost shunned , for more than three decades .
Its auditors claim that its central practices were within the law ; that thousands of firms do the same .
They claim to manage conflicts of interest ; but we see that they may manage them for their own interests .
But this will not establish `` market prices , '' as the administration claims .
That is why good monetary policy aims to prevent bubbles from arising .
But no one would claim that lowering short-term interest rates spurred investment .
Most people evicted from their homes have not been paying their mortgages , and , in most cases , those who are throwing them out have rightful claims .
In today 's America , the proud claim of `` justice for all '' is being replaced by the more modest claim of `` justice for those who can afford it . ''
Virtuous though democracy is -- and as Tunisia has shown , it is far better than the alternative -- we should remember the failures of those who claim its mantle , and that there is more to true democracy than periodic elections , even when they are conducted fairly .
For its part , the United States has never attempted to give free college for all , and it took a bitter battle just to ensure that America 's poor get access to health care -- a guarantee that the Republican Party is now working hard to repeal , claiming that the country can not afford it .
And low growth will hurt tax revenues , undermining the proclaimed goal of fiscal consolidation .
That war of choice quickly became very expensive -- orders of magnitude beyond the $ 60 billion claimed at the beginning -- as colossal incompetence met dishonest misrepresentation .
-LRB- Remarkably , the Obama administration claims that veterans ' right to appeal to the courts should be restricted ! -RRB-
The banks claim that lending remains constrained by a shortage of creditworthy borrowers , owing to the sick economy .
The prescription for what ails the global economy follows directly from the diagnosis : strong government expenditures , aimed at facilitating restructuring , promoting energy conservation , and reducing inequality , and a reform of the global financial system that creates an alternative to the buildup of reserves .
Why shout that government should not intervene in markets , claiming that markets are efficient , yet intervene in currency markets ?
Some , for instance , prescribe budget deficits to stimulate the economy ; others , remembering the Clinton Administration 's claim that fiscal consolidation underpinned the US recovery in 1993 , argue for deficit reduction .
Do not follow the encomiums of US special interests , whether in the corporate or financial arena , because , although they preach free markets , back home they rely on the US government to advance their aims .
Instead , many fear that what has happened in the past will happen again : secret negotiations , arm twisting , and the display of brute economic power by the US and Europe -- and by special interests in the advanced countries -- aimed at ensuring that the interests of the rich are protected .
Many of globalization 's advocates continue to claim that the number of jobs outsourced is relatively small .
There is controversy , of course , about the eventual size , with some claiming that as many as one job in two might eventually be outsourced , others contending that the potential is much more limited .
Those below him claim that they were just doing what they thought was expected of them .
President George W. Bush may claim that he did n't know that the information he was provided by the CIA concerning weapons of mass destruction in pre-war Iraq was so faulty .
He may also claim that , with many thousands of troops under his command , it was impossible for him to ensure that US soldiers were not committing atrocities , torture , or violations of civil liberties .
Advocates of privatization claim to believe in markets , but they are proposing budget gimmickry that would move those losses off the books , as if markets could be easily fooled .
They were right to be skeptical about US claims of an imminent danger from weapons of mass destruction .
They have the right to know why America , and the world , was misled by false claims about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
This came as a relief for the Bush administration , which claims to have given as much as its `` budgetary processes '' allow .
Founded at the end of World War II to prevent another major disaster of that kind , the UN has now vastly expanded its mandate beyond peacekeeping , as important as that is . For instance , the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDG -RRB- , adopted at the UN Millennium summit five years ago , proclaimed the international community 's resolve to reduce poverty in all of its manifestations and set concrete goals to be achieved by 2015 .
Enhancing our understanding of globalization 's problems will help us to formulate remedies -- some small , some large -- aimed at both providing symptomatic relief and addressing the underlying causes .
In their `` ideal '' world without either , there would , they claim , be no unemployment .
What is clear is that the claim of market fundamentalists that markets are self-adjusting is wrong .
But claims by Bush that America can not afford to do anything about global warming ring hollow : other advanced industrial countries with comparable standards of living emit only a fraction of what the US emits per dollar of GDP .
The aims of the campaign were laudable , but it generated hostility and ill will , undermining its effectiveness .
Any candidate claiming to represent the interests of developing countries must distance himself from these policies .
Economists , as opposed to those who make their living gambling on stocks , make no claim to being able to predict when the day of reckoning will come , much less identifying the event that will bring down the house of cards .
The US and China are in a race to be the world 's worst polluter ; America has long won the contest , but in the next few years , China will claim that dubious honor .
Activists can not possibly take aim at all foreign businesses in China , so most firms are unlikely to be specifically targeted or suffer reputational damage .
This does not mean imposing rigid inflation targets . But a predictable monetary policy aimed at delivering medium-term price stability -- with a flexible exchange rate where appropriate -- benefits both the private sector and , most importantly , the poor .
And we should explore whether a system of global rules aimed at reducing the volatility of capital flows would be useful .
OXFORD -- Is the `` harmonious society '' that Chinese President Hu Jintao constantly proclaims being realized in China 's relations with Taiwan ?
Now Taiwan has become something of a diplomatic afterthought because it no longer makes trouble . At the US-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue , indeed , Taiwan was barely mentioned , as North Korea , Iran , and the value of the renminbi claimed the most attention .
This has allowed Ma 's administration to claim credit for improving relations with China . But the fundamental causes underlying the threat of a China-Taiwan war -- and conflict between China and the US , which has long been committed to supporting Taiwan should China seek to determine its status unilaterally -- have not been removed .
According to a recent report by the United Nations , The Employment Imperative : Report on the World Social Situation , national policies aimed at counteracting these trends and lowering unemployment have largely failed .
Addressing this growing crisis is the aim of the Global Conference on Food Security in Rome on June 3-5 .
Market-based solutions to the climate challenge run the very serious risk of undermining development objectives , precisely because they aim to raise the price of energy services in order to make renewable energy sources attractive to private investors .
Opponents of fiscal stimulus cynically claim that all such efforts are bound to fail , citing as evidence US President George W. Bush 's tax cuts !
A few leaders have invoked the post-World War II Marshall Plan as a model for large-scale European development assistance for the region , the aim being to ensure the sustainability of a democratic transformation and generate long-term political and economic benefits for Europe .
Instead , like so many other leaders before him , he proclaims his desire to find a `` third way . ''
Rent-seeking tends to lead to policy failure in the form of intense political competition aimed at gaining short-term access to revenues and benefits , as opposed to political competition over what policies might be in the long-term public interest .
Japan must avoid repeating the unseemly scenario following Saddam Hussein 's defeat in the Gulf War of 1991 , when it wrote large checks to cover the war 's costs , yet had no say in the war 's conduct or war aims .
China apologists claim that the 1998 EU Code of Conduct on Arms Exports is sufficient to limit arms sales .
Trade with a country with China 's human rights record must not only make economic sense ; it must also fit the wider aims of foreign policy .
That means , above all , avoiding trade that makes it more difficult to pursue those aims .
Another risk in the South Caucasus is that Russia -LRB- with Armenian support -RRB- will recognize Nagorno-Karabakh 's self-proclaimed independence from Azerbaijan .
Moreover , Iran remains eager to contain Azerbaijani revanchist claims over the large Azeri minority in northern Iran .
Turkey 's official line remains that the allegation is based on unfounded or exaggerated claims , and that the deaths that occurred resulted from combat against Armenians collaborating with invading Russian forces during the First World War , or as a result of disease and hunger during the forced deportations .
There are also understandable fears that diverging from the official line would trigger a flood of compensation claims , as occurred against Germany .
When Somaliland 's people vote at the end of September , they will not be deciding explicitly on secession , but their steady effort at state building does amplify their claims to independence .
· Secessionists should have a reasonable claim to being a national group that , preferably , enjoyed stable self-government in the past on the territory they claim .
Given the interests of all the world 's great powers in stabilizing the Horn of Africa , there does seem to be movement toward accepting Somaliland 's claims .
The British Foreign Office claimed at the time that the Chagos Islands had no settled population .
Despite claims to the contrary , there is no possible threat to US interests from the islanders ' return to the outer islands , hundreds of kilometers away from Diego Garcia .
STRASBOURG -- In the 1990 's , the world averted its eyes to genocide in Rwanda , and to the `` Great Lakes War '' in eastern Congo , which claimed upward of five million lives -- the most in any war since World War II .
Forty-four Huji members were arrested , two of whom claimed to have been sent from South Africa and Pakistan by Osama Bin Laden to distribute money to the extremist madrassas .
Also in December , India became the latest nation to join the EU in the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor -LRB- ITER -RRB- team , which aims to produce electricity using nuclear fusion , as happens in the sun .
Berlusconi 's center-right coalition won election in 2001 by claiming to be the sole political force capable of launching -- and completing -- an ambitious reform program .
A third new law allows trials to be transferred to courts in other jurisdictions if there is `` legitimate suspicion '' that the judges are `` biased '' -- a claim Berlusconi repeatedly makes against the Milan magistrates -LRB- he calls them `` red magistrates '' -RRB- investigating him .
Similarly , the government proclaims bold intentions to tackle reform of Italy 's deeply indebted pension system , but lacks the political leverage to realize change .
But reaching this figure will not be possible -- even if scaled back -- because the government seems unable to curb public spending and because the European Commission will not accept new budgetary subterfuges from Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti aimed at evading the constraints imposed by the Euro-zone 's Growth and Stability Pact .
On the same day , another department of the same Commission presented proposals aimed at curbing visa-waiver programs for some non-European nationals .
Crucially , the Commission 's recent proposals include the creation of `` mobility partnerships '' with Tunisia , Morocco , and Egypt , aimed at facilitating travel for local students and businesspeople .
Together , they should press for assurances of a free and fair process , with the aim of avoiding the kind of mess that followed the Iranian elections .
So diplomatic efforts must instead aim to join Americans and like-minded Asians in common cause , to push for steps forward in the medium to longer term .
Cynics might add that even if Aung San Suu Kyi is pardoned , she may yet still be detained on political grounds or face other barriers aimed at preventing her from competing in the elections promised in Myanmar for 2010 .
This could be built up to include other open Southeast Asian economies -- Malaysia and Thailand -- with the eventual aim being an APEC-wide agreement , which would be an impressive achievement if realized by the end of 2011 , when it will be Obama 's turn to play host to all the leaders .
It is difficult to ask citizens to be enthusiastic about aims that their leaders ignore .
But the concrete policies needed to realize this aim are not , since reforming the welfare state and labor markets means more competition , which scares many citizens .
From an economic point of view , the Lisbon Strategy 's aim is to transform Europe into a power able to compete on equal terms with the US today and the great Asian countries .
But this aim does not appear to be creating a European identity , as the euro has .
The claim by Indian Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee on a June visit to Beijing that the Sino-Indian border is tension-free has prompted cynical observers to assume the opposite .
Intensified Chinese patrolling has been observed at Demchok and Pangong Tso in Ladakh , and in the West Kameng district of Arunachal Pradesh , a state to which the Chinese Ambassador in New Delhi went so far as to lay claim in a media interview .
At the same time , China has taken pains to remind India that it still claims a further 92,000 square kilometers , mainly in Arunachal Pradesh .
Reminding India of China 's claims is therefore all the more urgent for China .
In India , parties on both the left and the right opposed it -- the former claiming that it mortgaged India 's foreign policy to the US , and the latter arguing that it did n't go far enough to preserve India 's nuclear independence .
Protests have been mounted by slum-dwellers against the movie 's title : the term `` slumdog , '' coined by the screenwriter , has given great offense , with demonstrators holding up postcards declaiming , `` We are not dogs . ''
Likewise , some distinguished voter invariably claims that his name is missing from the rolls , or that someone has already cast his vote -LRB- but usually not both -RRB- .
Even Goldman Sachs can claim to have invented an inter-governmental body , since the `` BRIC '' concept coined by that Wall Street firm was recently institutionalized by a meeting of the heads of government of Brazil , Russia , India , and China in Yekaterinburg last month .
So world leaders are set to gather at the United Nations to undertake a comprehensive review , with the aim of agreeing on a roadmap and a plan of action to get to the MDG finishing line on schedule .
The aim should be to help create that capacity .
Many Hindus claim that the Babri Masjid stood on the precise spot of Ram 's birth and had been placed there by Babur to remind a conquered people of their subjugation .
But many historians -- most of them Hindu -- argue that there is no proof that Ram ever existed in human form , let alone that he was born where believers claim .
Indeed , these extremists can hardly claim to espouse Hinduism , which stands out not only as an eclectic embodiment of tolerance , but also as the only major religion that does not claim to be the sole true one .
When Richard Attenborough 's film Gandhi swept the Oscars in 1983 , posters for the film proclaimed that `` Gandhi 's triumph changed the world forever . ''
India 's Bollywood Power The world has heard much about India 's extraordinary transformation in recent years , and even of its claims to a share of `` world leadership . ''
When a bhangra beat is infused into a Western pop record or an Indian choreographer invents a fusion of kathak and ballet ; when Indian women sweep the Miss World and Miss Universe contests , or when `` Monsoon Wedding '' wows the critics and `` Lagaan '' claims an Oscar nomination ; when Indian writers win the Booker or Pulitzer Prizes , India 's soft power is enhanced .
When India began the Narmada Dam project , aiming to bring irrigation , drinking water , and power to millions , it spent 34 years -LRB- so far -RRB- fighting environmental groups , human rights activists , and advocates for the displaced all the way to the Supreme Court , while still being thwarted in the streets by protesters .
But blanket claims that antidepressant drugs are dangerous , addictive , or bad in other ways are not based on strong evidence .
If economic growth is seen as being dependent on the cost competitiveness of exports , governments will focus on things that might make sense for exporters , but not for their economies as a whole , such as labor-market policies aimed at artificially holding down wage growth , which redistributes income from labor to capital and exacerbates inequality .
Our investments are aimed at the development and support of market economies across the region .
Our investments are aimed at overcoming structural problems that have plagued the region .
Prime Minister Tony Blair can loudly proclaim that the London bombings of July last year are unrelated to Britain 's participation in the Iraq war , but the terrorists themselves , once arrested , said exactly the opposite .
Contrary to what proponents of the idea of a `` clash of civilizations '' claim , encounters between different cultures usually take place easily and peacefully , because we are psychologically prepared for them .
For the moment , politics has claimed paramount status .
US policy was -LRB- and remains -RRB- aimed primarily at the `` war on drugs , '' to be fought mainly by Colombians themselves .
The End of the Monroe Doctrine The Monroe Doctrine -- which in 1823 proclaimed all of Latin America to be a zone of exclusive American interest -- is withering away .
Latin America should seize this moment of diplomatic strength to start a new dialogue with the US aimed at renegotiating the terms of the relationship .
In 1919 , the first edition of Democratic Caesarism , by the Venezuelan historian and sociologist Laureano Vallenilla Lanz , was published and widely circulated across the continent . Vallenilla claimed to be seeking an effective -LRB- as opposed to the formal -RRB- constitutional system for his country .
Since 2007 , various laws have been adopted specifically to sanction femicides : in Costa Rica and Chile , such laws are aimed solely at those murders committed by partners or ex-partners , while in Guatemala and El Salvador , murders committed by strangers are included .
Of the five men appointed to lead the mission to persuade Gbagbo to step down , only two - Jakaya Kikwete of Tanzania and South Africa 's Jacob Zuma - can claim to have come to power democratically .
And it is women who will be raped , maimed , and killed as the world saw recently in Abidjan , the capital of Côte d'Ivoire , when Gbagbo 's forces massacred seven women during a peaceful protest .
This is what his modernization policy aims to achieve .
Moreover , surrendering territorial claims in the Arctic -- the stakes in the dispute with Norway -- is no small matter .
MOSCOW -- With Russia 's 2012 presidential elections effectively over since Vladimir Putin 's decision to reclaim his old Kremlin office , it is time to turn from personalities to policies .
In early October , Putin wrote a newspaper article that proclaimed what appears to be his reigning foreign-policy goal : a Eurasian Union of former Soviet states .
In his much-quoted newspaper piece , Putin denied that his new integration plans are aimed at restoring the Soviet Union under another name .
This is a credible claim , for three basic reasons : the complete evaporation of Russia 's imperial élan , its unwillingness to pay other countries ' bills , and the new countries ' unwillingness to cede too much sovereignty to the former hegemon .
It is increasingly likely that Saakashvili 's policy is aimed at instigating bloodshed in South Ossetia or Abkhazia and putting all the blame on Russia - a strategy that appears designed to bring the Americans to the region eventually .
The Great Terror of 1937-1938 began with a shooting campaign -- directed chiefly against peasants -- that claimed 386,798 lives across the Soviet Union , a disproportionate number of them in Ukraine .
At worst , they may even wish to kill me . But the government will never destroy the spirit of the people to reclaim their rights and power .
SeverStal was rejected in favor of Mittal Steel , with some commentators claiming that the decision was taken on political grounds .
Removing officials from state-owned companies ' boards has been an important aim for Medvedev for several years .
Creative Europe LJUBLJANA -- At the Spring European Council meeting on March 13-14 , EU member states ' leaders will launch the second cycle of the Lisbon Strategy for Growth and Jobs , a strategy launched in 2000 with the aim of making the EU the most competitive knowledge-based economy in the world .
The Lisbon Strategy owes much to the Austrian economist Joseph Schumpeter , who claimed that profit results from innovation .
Policymakers ' conventional wisdom reflected , therefore , a belief that only interventions aimed at identifying and correcting the very specific imperfections blocking attainment of the nirvana of market equilibrium were legitimate .
These include higher capital ratios for systemically important banks , stricter supervision , limits on trading activity , pre-designated resolution and recovery plans , and taxes aimed not at `` getting our money back , '' but at internalizing externalities -- that is , making those at fault pay the social costs of their behavior -- and creating better incentives .
Instead , he set up dozens of parties that aim to elect pro_Kuchma figures to Parliament by stealth .
Tamper with property , no matter how ill-gotten , and no investor will have confidence , they claim .
So we must not be tricked by the fact that those who gained economic power by looting state assets now employ lawyers , invoke free market nostrums , and claim to follow the letter of the law .
In this respect , the oligarchs and their political placemen who insist that their right to stolen property is sacred make the same crude claim as the regime that we overthrew : that they have an indefeasible right to the exercise of power .
If their claim is upheld , then the cynics are right : our revolution was merely about whether one class or another , one person or another , would obtain the power to work his or her will .
Endorsing the claim to arbitrary power is the cardinal heresy of those who say we should certify property stolen from the state as rightfully owned .
I call this a heresy because it rejects the supremacy of equality under law and proclaims the supremacy of particular men .
I do not claim that the Orange Revolution 's protagonists are paragons , and that the split between Yushchenko and me has not disheartened many of those who stood with us in the streets of Kyiv in the winter of 2004-2005 .
Russia 's other selfish aim has been to exempt from sanctions the Bushehr nuclear-reactor project it is building for Iran , and to ward off a UN-sponsored financial squeeze on Iran that might put at risk the profits Russia hopes to earn from providing nuclear fuel for the reactor , which is due to be commissioned late this year .
In the absence of any `` miracle '' cure , the medium-term aim should be to renew and strengthen the framework for international economic and trade cooperation .
Turkey is also actively involved in NATO 's ongoing deterrence review , which aims to strike a balance between the Alliance 's nuclear and conventional capacities , and is also set to clarify the role of missile defense in this context .
On the contrary , their aim is to assert Turkey 's position in NATO so that the Alliance more closely mirrors their own objectives .
The common aim should be to remove the threat posed by a dictator with so well-documented a predilection for weapons of mass destruction .
Although Unasur aims to progress beyond free-trade agreements , this requires a more streamlined integration within the organization -- one that expands its current role as a forum for discussing problems and seeking solutions for Latin America as a whole .
But countries like Argentina and Brazil fear Chinese retaliation aimed at their commodity exports .
If the US and other member states join the IDB and take on the responsibility to improve conditions in the Americas , they can not then use their membership to undermine the basic rights of the people they claim to serve simply to advance their own political agenda .
In late 2005 , Mittal Steel , the world 's largest steel company , signed a $ 900 million deal with Liberia 's Transitional Government to mine iron ore , which many claim allowed Mittal to opt out of human rights and environmental law .
More and more people are claiming that markets are characterized by irrationality , bubbles , fads , and frenzies , and that economic actors are driven by behavioral biases .
If we believe that economic actors are irrational , then we will enact paternalistic policies aimed at controlling behavior or bailing out failed agents and institutions , which could be self-defeating and even dangerous .
To limit the size of firms to check the concentration of power is a very blunt instrument -- one that highlights the failure of other controls in the democratic process aimed at ensuring that strong lobbies do not end up imposing regulation that is not aligned with social welfare .
This is a compromise aimed at minimizing the incentive to gamble with public insurance while allowing some economies of scale for banking activities .
Let us fix and strengthen that framework , while bearing in mind that a simple mandate to maximize competitive pressure in banking is no more possible , or desirable , than one that would aim at eliminating instability completely .
The narrow aim should be to nip terrorism in the bud , and the broader aim should be to open a dialogue with the Muslim community .
From the point of view of security policy , intercultural communication is intended to immunize those sections of the Muslim community that are deemed to be potentially receptive to extremist propaganda , with the clear aim being to prevent their radicalization and recruitment to jihad .
If we adopt the parlance employed by al-Qaeda while at the same time proclaiming our intention to communicate with the whole Muslim world , we run the risk of reinforcing al-Qaeda 's message .
The opposition 's main campaign claim was a suggestion that the right is more competent than the left in managing the economy .
Third , the new stimulus package is mainly aimed at infrastructure , equipment renovation , and industrial upgrading , which have suffered serious under-investment in the past , especially in China 's central and western regions .
At one level , Asian history has been dominated by rival elites from China , `` Turkestan , '' India , Persia , `` Arabia '' , Japan , and Java -LRB- to name but a few examples -RRB- who claimed to lead separate indigenous cultural entities .
First , it aimed to keep Asia divided insofar as the West was concerned .
In any case , they never claim to be indigenous to any particular locale , not even in Singapore , where ethnic Chinese make up three-quarters of the population .
But the aim of creating a `` European home market '' should not be reserved for wholesale market players .
Rather , the aim of harmonization is to make cross-border trade easier for business .
Ultimately , the aim should be to create a single institution responsible for supervising large banks that operate across the EU , with national regulators responsible only for domestic banks .
Is the European Constitution to proclaim that God is to be chased out of the public space ?
But all claim to be Juan Perón 's rightful heir .
Juan Perón proclaimed that he chose to serve as Argentina 's military attaché in Rome in 1937 so that he could study fascism up close .
Perón himself would be proud of the absurd demagogy of the three men who would claim his mantle .
Others have claimed that Iran 's leaders do not care one way or the other about world opinion .
When , after the First World War , President Woodrow Wilson proclaimed the advent of the so-called New Diplomacy , whereby secrecy and the balance of power would be replaced by open covenants and collective security , many people regarded such things as the dreams of an idealist-preacher . Machtpolitik is indeed alive and well in many parts of the world today .
This is a worthy aim , but it is not clear that the main actors in Central Asia -- including China , which reportedly is quietly but firmly backing Karimov -- are playing on the same team .
The current talks aim to replace the expired 1997 PCA , which remains in force by mutual consent pending a new accord .
In response , Premier Wen Jiabao announced a series of measures during the NPC , ranging from phasing out agricultural taxes over the next five years to measures aimed at increasing farmers ' income .
Of course , when a cherished belief is challenged , various counter claims arise - the evidence is for the wrong type of debriefing , the trials were not well done , elements of debriefing could still `` work , '' the testimonies of those who are certain it helped them can not be discounted , and so on .
President Álvaro Colom in February claimed that 40 % of the 6,200 murders recorded in 2008 were linked to drug-related violence .
Comments in January that the country was helpless against an ` avalanche ' of drug-trafficking from the north were aimed at securing international support , but do little to inspire confidence in his leadership .
Bringing the judicial system and other key state institutions to their knees is the main aim of the drug cartels .
A review in the British Medical Journal -LRB- BMJ -RRB- in April 2004 , claimed that most papers on SSRI trials overstated the evidence for efficacy and understated the risk of harm .
But he and his advisors -- in particular Vladimir Zametalin , deputy head of the presidential administration and Victor Sheiman , the Procurator General with special authority during the election -- claim that they will not allow themselves to go down to electoral defeat like Yugoslavia 's Slobodan Milosevic .
But little of this attention has been aimed at post-secondary science education , the only level for which there is data showing how to make substantial improvements without enormous costs .
But , as Carl Sagan observed , `` extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence , '' while here the existing evidence is still circumstantial .
We also envisage detailed neighborhood planning aimed at adding more public space .
Three former military attorneys , recognizing this blunt truth , refused to participate in the `` military tribunals '' -- rather , `` show trials '' -- aimed at condemning men whose confessions were elicited through torture .
But the Cameron government 's approach is more sinister than the old right-wing tactic of taking aim at disciplines that can be derided as effete .
In literary terms , this conspiracy theory closely resembles The Protocols of the Elders of Zion , featuring secretive global elite with great power and wicked aims .
When the world 's leaders met at the Millennium Summit four years ago , they agreed on a set of goals aimed at cutting global poverty in half by 2015 .
This would be unnecessary if Hong Kong adopted a monetary policy aimed at stabilizing a broad price index like the kind of policy pursued in the US , the euro zone , and most of the world .
Looking back , it is ironic that the Chinese government 's draconian `` one-child '' policy , imposed in 1979 , was implemented at the same time as the `` open door '' policy , aimed at capturing labor-intensive foreign manufacturing investment .
Europe , in their view , was always a way of reclaiming world influence .
Here is a country that has long cherished its `` exception '' from the normal rules of market economics , a foggy view that rejects both central planning and free markets and claims to offer a well-balanced middle ground .
The problem , though , is that some people have even become addicted ; they now aim at living on welfare benefits alone .
By contrast , the unions argue that they have `` social legitimacy , '' a claim that may surprise many outside France , but that holds considerable sway in a country where large-scale demonstrations or drawn-out strikes are interpreted as a valid representation of popular will .
More surprising was the simultaneous announcement that it was intervening on the foreign-exchange market with the aim of reversing the appreciation of the franc .
Unconventional policies that aim at weakening the exchange rate are technically possible even at zero interest rates , and they are quite likely to be effective at the level of individual countries .
In fact , one key reason for the creation of the International Monetary Fund was to monitor exchange-rate developments with the explicit aim of preventing beggar-thy-neighbor policies .
They may have been reassured by the SNB 's official statement that the appreciation represented `` an inappropriate tightening of monetary conditions , '' and that the policy move merely aims `` to prevent any further appreciation of the Swiss franc against the euro . ''
First , it aims to ensure that obligations are fairly and regularly met when a debtor becomes financially insolvent .
And if the liquidation rate for creditors ' common claims is defined as no lower than that at the time the draft restructuring plan was submitted for approval , compensation must be considered in the event that payment is delayed .
Whether Hamas can claim a victory -- and whether Palestinians will believe them will be determined by the type of ceasefire that is eventually agreed , if a formal one is eventually agreed .
The Bush administration , having proclaimed a war on terror , invaded and occupied countries , and yet failed to see that these events were being linked in the eyes of people in the region .
After decades of using concern for the Palestinian cause to shore up popular support for their own ineffective and undemocratic regimes , these moderate Arab leaders have now been put on the defensive by Iran 's quest for hegemony . If Iran succeeds in being seen as the genuine patron of Palestinian national aspirations , it will also succeed in legitimizing its claim for dominance in the Middle East .
After all , few political systems can defend against those , like Saudi Arabia 's Islamic radicals , who claim that they can preserve the system and its religious values more effectively than the current rulers .
Russia 's other aim has been to exempt from UN sanctions the Bushehr nuclear reactor that it has been building for Iran .
The demonstrations at Medina show that Saudi Shia are now themselves emboldened . Indeed , they have formed an opposition movement called Khalas -LRB- Salvation -RRB- , aimed at mobilizing the new generation of Shia in the Eastern Province .
Instead , the conference must aim to address broader issues of political and social stability within Yemen .
Only if Western intervention aims to rescue the Yemeni state from itself will there be any possibility to contain Al Qaeda .
With only 18 months left before Obama 's promised draw-down of US forces , Western strategy is clearly aimed at splitting the `` good '' Taliban from `` bad '' Al Qaeda .
But , given Saudi Arabia 's past record of supporting radicalism in Afghanistan , it is highly unlikely that the Kingdom can help secure this aim .
With the Crown Prince 's death , schisms are particularly threatening to the Kingdom 's stability -LRB- and that of oil exports -RRB- , because the ruling Al Saud have swelled to 22,000 members , which has given rise to factional clashes among increasingly numerous claimants to power .
Abdullah 's power base is in the National Guard , and his claim on the support of Saudi Arabia 's modernizing forces .
Why is it that struggles far more complex than the Israel-Arab conflict -- apartheid in South Africa , the partition of Germany , or the collapse of the Soviet Union -- all seem to have been resolved , usually without bloodshed , whereas the Middle East conflict , after more than a century , claims more victims every day ?
Zionism aimed at renewing and deepening an old identity .
Ever since its great military victory in the Six-Day War of 1967 , when it repelled the combined armies of Egypt , Syria , and Jordan , which had openly proclaimed their desire to destroy the Jewish state , Israel has been in the throes of an ideological and military confusion resulting from the conquests it made during that conflict .
Similarly , the refusal of Palestinian refugees ' claim to a right of return to Israel proper is understandable , logical , and just .
That is why they have tried to obtain political support against the nuclear ambitions of Iran , which periodically threatens Israel , at times proclaiming its desire to wipe it off the face of the earth .
Indeed , those remaining in the West Bank will be under the supervision not only of Israeli security forces -- who know everything they need to know -- but also of the Palestinian Authority . In recent years , the Palestinian Authority has effectively prevented acts of terrorism and violence against Israelis , with the aim of stabilizing the situation in the West Bank in order to prepare for the establishment of an independent Palestinian state .
As soon as the international community reacted , by adopting United Nations Security Council Resolution 1874 , North Korea quickly shifted to a charm offensive aimed at the United States and South Korea .
The world must develop a more carefully calibrated policy toward North Korea , one aimed at simultaneously implementing denuclearization and economic reform .
But , at the same time , the international community should place greater emphasis on policies aimed at inducing North Korea to launch serious economic reform .
But there is no reason why international efforts to ensure North Korea 's denuclearization must preclude policies aimed at bringing about domestic reform .
The third liberal route to peace -- institutionalizing international relations -- aims to regularize the behavior of states through a system of norms and rules , thereby creating order -LRB- and peace -RRB- out of quasi-anarchy .
Strengthening these two countries ' relations with China would increase the possibility of building a new , peaceful order for Northeast Asia . Indeed , measures aimed at creating a climate of genuine trilateral cooperation are the only effective way to improve regional security .
Spain was among the first countries to introduce a national energy plan aimed at promoting renewable energy sources and reducing greenhouse-gas emissions .
There some 1,500 Africans process American health-insurance claims - working around the clock , in three shifts .
The Africans speak English , type at least 50 words a minute on a computer , take data from paper claim forms supplied by US health insurers via satellite in electronic form , put it into new digital forms , and ship them back to the US .
Of course , technology transfer from China and India could be a mere smokescreen for a new `` brown imperialism '' aimed at exploiting African oil , food , and minerals .
The philosopher Josh Greene and his colleagues at Princeton University have shown that personal moral dilemmas -LRB- for example , whether you would directly kill one person to save seven others -RRB- use our emotions rather than higher cognition -- to the chagrin of many philosophers who claimed otherwise .
At Enron , this was accomplished by breaking down tasks into small chunks so that no one person was ultimately responsible for a decision and could claim ignorance when caught .
When Shanghai sought a similar role several years ago , bankers and investors around the world wondered whether the aim was really for Shanghai to replace Hong Kong as China 's financial heart .
Thus , if China truly is the mercantilist power that many in the West claim , it should tilt decisively towards the South .
Although China claims that it `` normalized relations '' with North Korea in 2009 , its policies and attitudes toward the North remain mired in a morbid comradeship .
How high the percentage should be before claiming over-diagnosis is a significant problem and a value judgment .
Under Chapter 11 , companies with a solid underlying business generally swap debt for equity . Old equity holders are wiped out and old debt claims are transformed into equity claims in the new entity which continues operating with a new capital structure .
CHICAGO -- In its July session , the European parliament approved some of the strictest rules in the world on the bonuses paid to bankers . The aim is to curb risk-taking by financial institutions .
Market concentration renders mostly illusory the beneficent risk-spreading role that is claimed for derivatives , because the bulk of the risk is borne by very few players .
This increase is aimed at protecting the poorest and most vulnerable from harm , supporting countries that face borrowing problems because of broken credit markets , and helping to sustain investments upon which recovery and long-term development will depend .
