`` The US and Britain will not be able to control Iraq , '' Assad claimed .
Many claimed that the Kremlin was delaying the inevitable but ultimately would not block independence .
A survey published on a Web site associated with Hamas claimed credit for killing 54 % of all the Israelis who died as a result of Palestinians ' armed struggle , and this body count is Hamas 's claim to success .
Reforms aimed at deregulating financial markets should be the priority .
Not since Dag Hammarskjöld has a UN leader been as acclaimed as Annan .
Over 600 missiles , already deployed on the mainland , are aimed at cities and military bases on the island .
Now it may be European arms in the hands of the Chinese that will be aimed at American troops protecting a democracy with 23 million inhabitants -LRB- in other words , as many people as in all the Nordic countries combined -RRB- .
Two conditions were put to the Turkish government : a comprehensive legal reform aimed at reinforcing the rule of law and human rights , and approval of the Adaptation Protocol of the Ankara Agreement , which extends the customs union with the EU to all new member states , including the Republic of Cyprus .
But in many other situations , we would miss major sources of motivation -- and thus would adopt useless , if not counter-productive , measures aimed at producing the outcomes we seek .
Thus , one reason for the `` success '' claimed by supporters of the military surge may well be that sectarian cleansing in Baghdad has been hugely effective and is now nearly complete .
The wheels of Philippine justice need retooling , so much so that the country 's Chief Justice himself recently called for an emergency summit to discuss a rash of extra-judicial killings that have the claimed the lives of leftists , human rights workers , and journalists under President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo .
Shortly before the vote , the speaker of the Duma proclaimed that parliament is not a place for deliberation .
Only in exceptional circumstances is fiscal harmonization justified : prohibitions , say , on fiscal incentives aimed at limiting competition , impeding commerce , or restricting the movement of capital .
Iran , it is often claimed , has no need for nuclear power , given its abundant oil and natural gas reserves .
OPEC can regain control in one of two ways : use its `` claimed '' excess capacity to flush out speculators , or use its financial surpluses to overtake them .
Europe has never claimed to have the means of redressing all the strategic imbalances that exist in Africa -- nor does it have any intention of doing so .
His assassination upon his arrival at Manila airport became the ultimate proof of the sincerity of what he had proclaimed throughout his life .
`` The sub-prime crisis has n't yet reached the beaches of Copacabana , '' Finance Minister Guido Mantega recently proclaimed .
Given the recent wave of uprisings , it is more evident than ever that any `` reform '' initiatives undertaken in the Arab world previously were aimed only at sustaining repressive dictatorships and escaping punishment for criminal abuse of power .
In the 2000 's , the imprisoned leadership of the Group produced more than 25 books aimed at de-legitimizing political violence as a method for change .
The first three -- free market reform , the rule of law , and a pragmatic foreign policy -- have been widely acclaimed , while the fourth -- `` managed democracy '' -- has been tolerated because it has brought political stability .
Russia 's oligarchs are undoubtedly unpopular , and Khodorovsky 's arrest was evidently aimed at boosting Putin 's prospects in the looming parliamentary and presidential elections .
Moreover , while the customs union was proclaimed in 1995 , the earliest it can be formed is in July 2011 , which is unlikely .
A choir of prominent American economists , including Paul Krugman , Kenneth Rogoff , and Nouriel Roubini , claimed that Latvia , Estonia , and Lithuania must also devalue .
If countries in the region embrace the idea , a network of current EU and NATO members could step forward with projects and assistance aimed at promoting a Black Sea identity and community .
And that requires a national dialogue , overseen by the international community , aimed at bolstering internal unity -- and thus at protecting the country from regional interference .
The Protocol explicitly aimed at phasing-out substances such as chlorofluorocarbons -LRB- CFCs -RRB- -- found in products such as refrigerators , foams , and hairsprays -- in order to repair the thin gassy-shield that filters out the sun 's harmful , ultra-violet rays .
In Chihuahua , candidates for office claimed to have received threats , and some asked for police protection .
Achieving the fourth , along with social and economic measures aimed at creating better jobs and improving people 's standard of living , would at least make it possible to weaken , contain , and control Mexico 's drug trafficking organizations , thereby strengthening civil order and governability .
There are already rumors about a palace coup within Kadima , aimed at replacing Olmert with either the deputy prime minister , the veteran Shimon Peres , or the popular foreign minister , Tzipi Livni .
JERUSALEM -- During the turmoil of the French Revolution , a popular saying arose : `` How beautiful was the republic -- under the monarchy . '' The Revolution aimed at achieving Liberty , Equality , and Fraternity .
European Discrimination on Trial What good are Europe 's treaties aimed at ensuring the legal equality of all citizens when entire groups face systematic discrimination ?
Working on this assumption and given the case it had to solve , an EHCR panel of seven judges ruled against the plaintiffs in February 2006 , concluding that the law on special schools is not aimed specifically at Roma and does not apply only to them .
Or will it follow Judge Barreto , who calls for recognition of an obligation to adopt affirmative action policies aimed at benefiting Romanies ?
The PiS captured the public media , the general prosecutor 's office was politicized , and , with the use of the media , was turned into a tool of party propaganda aimed at showing that Poland was ruled by malicious hidden forces , known as the uk?ad , which cheated Poles and kept them poor .
First , utmost priority should be given to strengthening the mechanisms aimed at preventing pro-cyclical policies and large fiscal shocks .
But EU-wide measures aimed at ensuring discipline are necessary to spur the growth of preventive mechanisms in the member states , and such initiatives are largely dependent on the large countries , which thus bear a special responsibility for the developments within the eurozone -- and within the EU .
For genuine and long-term stability , Zhao proposed reforms that ultimately aimed at the legalization and systemization of democracy .
Although the short-term practical objectives of Zhao 's political reforms were limited by the circumstances in which they were proposed , the measures all aimed at containing Communist Party power and represented a concrete step toward returning , peacefully , power to China 's people .
Similarly , equity incentives should be subject to substantial limitations aimed at preventing executives from placing excessive weight on their firm 's short-term stock price .
The new policy seems to shift emphasis to `` soft power '' strategy aimed at projecting Britain as a global economic and cultural hub .
The centrality of hereditary succession in the quest for peace and stability was shown by Hafez al-Assad when he agreed to unprecedented good will gestures aimed at drawing Ehud Barak 's Israeli government into a peace deal .
Russia continues to place hurdles before American proposals for sanctions on Iran , has signed with it lavish energy contracts , and is about to sell it advanced aerial systems aimed at thwarting a possible Israeli or American attack .
Rather , it is a move aimed at establishing a balance of threat based on sustaining a low-intensity conflict even if a new lull is agreed upon .
As a result , its ability to maintain services -- and the military capacity to respond to any maneuver by the Khartoum government aimed against the peace agreement -- is seriously compromised .
A high-powered Russian delegation recently arrived in Juba , the South Sudanese capital , with the proclaimed aim of `` playing a more active role on the African continent . ''
It applauded the military takeover in Algeria in the early 1990 's aimed at curtailing the democratic emergence of an Islamist regime , and is happy to conduct business with authoritarian regimes throughout the Arab world .
Owning Up to Israel 's Bomb TEL AVIV -- President Barack Obama 's vision of a world without nuclear weapons , and the recent agreement he signed with Russia aimed at cutting back the nuclear stockpiles of both countries , enhances his moral and political leadership .
To block a move aimed at outlawing his Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- , Erdogan also domesticated Turkey 's constitutional court -- together with the army a watchdog of Kemalism -- by arbitrarily changing its composition .
Now a constitutional reform supposedly aimed at `` promoting Turkey 's EU membership '' would further curb the army 's role as the guardian of the secular state and strengthen government control of the judiciary .
But a US peace plan aimed at bridging the gaps between the parties stands a chance only if it is built around a solid international alliance for an Israeli-Palestinian peace .
The question for Egypt is whether the agenda of a truly pluralistic democracy -- proclaimed by the avant-garde young protesters at Tahrir Square , the admirably self-empowered Facebook and Twitter generation -- can prevail against the resilient forces of the past .
The Saudi-led intervention in Bahrain is aimed at curtailing Iran 's effort to make headway in the region on the waves of Shia unrest .
Moreover , after 30 years of tension , preparations are under way for the exchange of ambassadors between Egypt and Iran . `` Egypt does not view Iran as an enemy , '' proclaimed Egyptian Foreign Minister Nabil el-Arabi .
His role as a broker of sorts is mostly aimed at endearing himself to the US , where Congress is highly critical of his human rights record .
More an enemy of Israeli-Arab reconciliation than of Israel as such , the Mullahs ' resort to an incendiary anti-Jewish , pan-Islamic discourse is aimed at ending Iran 's isolation and presenting its regional ambitions in a light palatable to the Sunni masses .
This would not be achieved , however , through an inevitably imperfect sanctions regime , or by America 's resort to Cold War logic aimed at breaking Iran 's backbone by drawing it into a ruinous arms race .
So , once again , Mahathir felt pressure to adopt a strategy aimed at preventing Islam from becoming a tool of opposition .
The European Union 's highly touted `` Lisbon Declaration '' of a few years ago , which proclaimed that Europe would become the world 's most competitive region by 2010 , appears laughable to Americans , whose productivity gains seem to scale new heights constantly .
From the start , he declared that the attacks on New York were directly aimed at his country .
The former , it was claimed , would have lower unit costs than the latter .
Ignorant of the extensive `` deindustrialization '' debate in 1960 's Great Britain , two Berkeley academics , Stephen Cohen and John Zysman , started a similar debate in the US in 1987 with their book Manufacturing Matters , which claimed that , without manufactures , a viable service sector is untenable .
On the second front , there are distressing recent reports that the US Commerce Department is exploring ways to strengthen the bite of anti-dumping actions , which are now generally agreed to be a form of discriminatory protectionism aimed selectively at successful exporting nations and firms .
Thus , it was asserted that a tax on foreign workers would reduce the numbers coming in and `` taking jobs away '' from American citizens . Many supporters of the proposal claimed , incoherently , that it would simultaneously discourage foreign workers from entering the US and increase revenues .
In this case , the choice of CSR spending is focused directly on generating added revenue , much like advertising , and is aimed at sales much the way advertising is .
A malign example is Philip Morris 's donation of money to museums , symphony orchestras , and opera houses , cynically aimed at buying off artists who might otherwise work to ban cigarettes .
Indeed , some policies aimed at achieving cohesion may well reduce it .
Their fierce devastation claimed thousands of lives , destroyed vital infrastructure , and crippled economies .
They pledged to implement programs aimed at asset purchases -LRB- to clarify the balance sheets of financial institutions -RRB- , recapitalization -LRB- to make sure that , if solvent , they could operate and continue to lend -RRB- , and guarantees -LRB- to reassure depositors and some investors that their funds were safe -RRB- .
Acclaimed as a national hero among radical right-wingers , the iron-fisted Park Chung-hee ruled South Korea from 1963 to 1979 , in the wake of the 1961 military coup , only to be assassinated by his intelligence chief .
They surely have a right to defend themselves , whether through foreign-exchange intervention and the consequent accumulation of reserves -LRB- a potentially profitable option if capital flows are indeed temporary -RRB- , imposition of capital controls , or other currency-related macro-prudential policies aimed at countercyclical exchange-rate smoothing .
That agenda , with obvious country differences , spans five important areas , which together should be the focus of policy attention aimed at solidifying the region 's transformation .
The SGP originally aimed to protect European citizens from myopic governments , but it has ended up forcing even more myopic behavior .
The first decision was to reduce taxes on overtime work , a measure clearly aimed at increasing the number of hours worked .
Many proponents of the euro claimed that it would quickly evolve as an alternative reserve currency alongside the dollar , or even replace it , in global markets .
The political economy of California 's budget has taken the progressive tax-and-spend experiment to the breaking point , threatening the state 's ability to fund basic services , from prisons and parks to education and health care , even those aimed at helping its most vulnerable citizens .
China has undertaken a 6 % - of-GDP stimulus package aimed -LRB- mostly -RRB- at infrastructure ; the United States has enacted a two-year $ 800 billion spending and tax rebate package .
A splinter group , the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , has claimed credit for several recent attacks and kidnappings of foreign workers , and says it will not retreat until Delta states gain control of the revenue produced by locally extracted oil .
A few weeks ago , a previously unknown organization called `` The Martyr 's Brigade '' claimed credit for attacks on Delta pipelines , raising concerns among multinationals that mercenary resistance in the region is becoming ideological .
But the central government will need a large share of that income if it is to finance the construction of new institutions of governance , invest in critical infrastructure , undertake onerous reforms aimed at economic liberalization , and provide the resource-poor -LRB- and already restive -RRB- Sunnis of central Iraq with a greater share of the country 's wealth .
The constitution must also be amended to reverse the worst effects of a de-Baathification process that aimed to dismantle the vestiges of Saddam Hussein 's regime .
After conservative candidate Felipe Calderon was declared the winner by less than 1 % of the vote , his populist rival , Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , quickly claimed fraud .
For the moment , administration officials are hoping that `` targeted '' sanctions aimed directly at Iran 's leadership will compel a compromise .
Last year , in a widely acclaimed trial , four Rwandans were convicted by a Belgian jury of involvement in the 1994 genocide in their country .
Sadly , he now appears poised to make another serious political miscalculation , because he is backing a radical constitutional reform aimed at creating a purely presidential system .
Yushchenko can yet secure an honorable place in history if , instead of undermining and obstructing Tymoshenko at every turn , he supports her anti-corruption initiatives and constitutional reform , the latter aimed at bringing Ukraine 's political system closer to Europe 's parliamentary democracies as well as to facilitate Ukraine 's European integration .
Factions within the regime might prove supportive of new policies aimed at tempering the climate of violence in Sudan , decreasing its trade dependency on China , improving conditions for refugees , and lowering international tensions .
In The Human Condition , the philosopher Hannah Arendt linked politics to the human capacity not simply to act , but to `` act in concert . '' While concerted action is a familiar notion , it used to be aimed mainly at influencing the state -- exemplified by the way civil society prompted America 's withdrawal from Vietnam .
The summit started with a one-on-one meeting between the two countries ' prime ministers . After an hour together , they emerged to tell the press that no new steps aimed at improving relations had been agreed upon .
It is no longer aimed at official support of United States-led anti-terrorism activities .
Will the military subvert the constitutional changes aimed at reforming the political system ?
Even before Pakistan 's ruling elite was shaken by the killings in Pakistan 's streets and the turmoil in Tunisia and Egypt , it had begun to plan measures aimed at mollifying an increasingly restive citizenry .
When a girl claimed to have been raped at one of his parties in 1921 , and then died a few days later , Arbuckle was pilloried in the press , and sentenced for rape and murder twice .
TOKYO -- Revolutions , it is often claimed , do not happen when people are desperate .
This is a cheap trick , aimed to give maximum offense .
Indeed , only one right-wing European politician , Francesco Speroni of the Italian Northern League , which is part of Silvio Berlusconi 's government , was prepared to defend Breivik . Speroni claimed that Breivik 's `` ideas are in defense of western civilization . ''
Evidence-based medicine -- a popular technique for controlling costs -- is ordinarily aimed only at the efficacy of diagnostic or therapeutic procedures .
AIDS has claimed more than 25 million lives since medical scientists first identified it in 1981 .
The best that can be done is to seek to control polio , and to hope that politics , economics , and ethics allow us to get that far . Those involved in efforts aimed at complete eradication should rethink their goal , lest faith in the unattainable leads to disaster .
Samuel Morley of the UN 's Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean put together an index that graded reforms aimed at economic deregulation , trade liberalization , and opening up financial markets .
Finally , one fails to understand why Moreno-Ocampo has aimed so high and accused al-Bashir of the `` crime of crimes , '' genocide , instead of filing charges that are more appropriate and easier to prosecute , such as war crimes -LRB- bombing of civilians -RRB- and crimes against humanity -LRB- extermination , forcible transfer of people , massive murders , rape , etc. -RRB- .
Russia argues that its invasion was aimed at 1 -RRB- stopping Georgia 's aggression against South Ossetians ; 2 -RRB- ending ethnic cleansing , genocide , and war crimes committed by Georgia there ; 3 -RRB- protecting Russian nationals ; and 4 -RRB- defending South Ossetians on the basis of the peace-keeping agreement signed by Boris Yeltsin and Eduard Shevardnadze in 1992 .
These two regions have now proclaimed their independence , and Moscow has given its blessing to a secession that is likely to be the stepping stone to incorporation by Russia .
Calderón can not hand education over to the Church , privatize Pemex -LRB- the state owned oil company -RRB- or abolish social anti-poverty programs , as his adversaries falsely claimed he would do .
The most urgent , feasible , and relevant steps involve electoral and legal reforms aimed at avoiding a repeat of the current protests over the presidential vote .
The one positive feature of the reforms -- a scheme aimed at ensuring equal radio and television airtime for parties during electoral campaigns -- was tainted by serious legislative omissions .
In 1953 , Fidel Castro , in what is probably the best-known speech in Latin American political history , proclaimed in court that history would absolve him .
Immediately after the announcement , Sudan 's government and its allies began a diplomatic campaign aimed at securing a Security Council deferral of the investigations for 12 months .
But , under Lula -LRB- and under Vicente Fox and Felipe Calderón in Mexico , for that matter -RRB- , they became a direct anti-poverty program aimed at the current generation of poor .
Whereas Brazil and Turkey claimed that the arrangement had been accepted by the US and Europe , the US called for -- and got , with the support of Europe -- new and stronger United Nations sanctions , which only Brazil and Turkey opposed .
Since 2007 , many of the cartels ' victims have been decapitated -- a tactic clearly aimed at intimidating their enemies .
Thus , the FSLN government proclaimed itself winner in 109 of the 153 municipalities . This culminated a process of electoral fraud that began five months earlier with the suspension of the legal standing of the opposition Conservative Party and the Sandinista Renewal Movement , a rival to President Daniel Ortega 's FSLN .
Finally , Hong Kong represents a test of the `` one country , two systems '' model proclaimed in 1997 , and thus of the feasibility of China 's applying the same scheme to its reunification plans for Taiwan .
Our understanding of the world , of our freedom to act in the world , and the possibilities of violence aimed at us because of who we are - these have all changed .
India is now becoming divided in much the same way , and for much the same reason -- the emerging system of `` reserved places '' aimed at redressing centuries of caste discrimination .
Instead of providing quality elementary education for all , our policymakers are more concerned with enacting caste-based measures aimed at short-term political gains .
These findings raise damning suspicions about the literacy levels that successive Indian governments have claimed to achieve .
When it breaks down , the car of an unlicensed driver is towed to a lot , where it is rarely claimed .
A recent Pentagon report is unsparing : `` The history of modern Chinese warfare provides numerous case studies in which China 's leaders have claimed military preemption as a strategically defensive act .
And , decades after Lewis L. Strauss , the Chairman of the United States Atomic Energy Agency , claimed that nuclear power would become `` too cheap to meter , '' the nuclear industry everywhere still subsists on munificent government subsidies .
In 1989 , Francis Fukuyama claimed in a famous essay that the Cold War 's end marked the end of ideological evolution , `` the end of history , '' with the `` universalization of Western liberal democracy as the final form of human government . '' Yet , two decades on , the global spread of democracy has been encountering increasingly strong headwinds .
But Taiwan 's policy towards China has also undergone a very different kind of overhaul in the last decade or so , with previous confrontations replaced by a new engagement aimed at exploring economic opportunities in the vast Chinese market .
The very next day , however , Pakistan 's Foreign Office spokesman , Masood Khan , claimed that President Musharraf was prepared to drop this demand .
Nevertheless , Anita Silvers , a philosopher at San Francisco State University and a disability scholar and activist , has described such treatments as `` tyranny of the normal , '' aimed at adjusting the deaf to a world designed by the hearing , ultimately implying the inferiority of deafness .
So a socialist deputy in Romania 's Parliament exclaimed in panic a few weeks ago .
For most journalists and political pundits in Romania , this self-proclaimed Damascene conversion looks like just another political farce from someone with unrivaled histrionic gifts .
He admitted that he had been anti-Semitic , but he claimed that God had opened his eyes and that he now loved Jews as much as he used to hate them .
The man who once said that he could `` well imagine world culture without Jews '' now claimed to realize how quintessential the Jews are for world culture .
Along with President Bush , he would be acclaimed as a great leader , while voices of dissent and opposition would be silenced .
Even post-War Germany 's acclaimed , miracle-working Economics Minister , Ludwig Erhard , was deeply unpopular in the early 1950s , because it appeared as if only a few were getting rich , while most West Germans remained poor or got poorer .
Intelligence dossiers -LRB- it is claimed -RRB- were `` sexed up '' by Blair 's underlings .
Suddenly , non-fraternization with Germans -- the American rule -- was replaced by frequent contacts aimed at re-education , especially of the young .
It is not aimed at creating a united -LRB- Catholic -RRB- Ireland , an independent Basque country , or even a Palestinian state , but at a particular worldview and those who represent it .
It is aimed at what used to be called the West , that is , a liberal order of things , a free world .
Because the United States is the most visible and powerful representative of that free world , it is aimed against America and its closest allies in Europe and elsewhere .
Terrorism aimed at the destruction of the liberal order is a test of that order .
In other words , one in a thousand voted for them , although they claimed to speak for that state 's retired and elderly people -- over 30 % of the population .
Brown claimed that his five tests would produce answers that were plain and unambiguous .
Blair was at the forefront among Western leaders in pressing for NATO action , and to justify this innovation in outside intervention he proclaimed `` a new doctrine of international community '' that made it a `` just war , '' because it was based on superior Western values .
Onto this fiercely contested terrain marches the United Kingdom 's Independent banking Commission , set up last year by Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne , with a brief to examine possible structural reforms to the banking system aimed at safeguarding financial stability and competition .
And governments would almost certainly have to back some lending banks , too , so the claimed benefits in terms of insulating the public purse would not be realized .
But Lula can and should follow Kok 's example and use his trade union connections , as well as his rapport with the working class , to achieve a social pact aimed at achieving sustained improvement in Brazil 's overall economic performance and realizing its potential to become Latin America 's economic powerhouse .
Fifth , ensure that such aid moves quickly from short-run humanitarian purposes -- to save lives and feed those giving up war -- to reconstruction activities aimed at creating investment , productivity growth , and the sustainable employment that will enable people to live dignified lives .
While programs in industrial and emerging economies aimed at addressing the financial crisis have been broadly debated at the national and international level , the debate about Afghanistan and Iraq has been narrowly focused on military and security issues , undermining the need for a major effort at effective reconstruction .
For most of the past decade the world has been lectured to by Americans who proclaimed the perfection of the US economy : its focus on competition , loose labor regulation , and a modest social safety net , all of which supposedly delivered dynamism and high growth rates .
Moreover , Obama has joined George W. Bush in claiming executive powers that rival those claimed by Charles II of Britain in the seventeenth century .
Finally , Bernanke claimed that `` the growth fundamentals of the United States do not appear to have been permanently altered by the shocks of the past four years . ''
Indeed , the ECB proclaimed its belief that the stabilization of government-bond prices brought about by such purchases would be only temporary .
Ever since George W. Bush took office , America 's annual real GDP growth has averaged 2.3 % -- a pace that would have been acclaimed as normal and satisfactory when George W. Bush 's father or Ronald Reagan was president , but that after the Clinton boom now seems tawdry and sluggish .
Had the Federal Reserve been more aggressive in pushing interest rates down , or had Bush and Congress passed tax cuts aimed at boosting short-term demand and employment , the US economy would have grown at a pace not seen in a generation and a half .
But do n't count on it , especially considering the share of marginal investment in Asia that is aimed , one way or another , at exporting to the American market .
It chose something different entirely : big tax cuts , yes , but tax cuts that were badly designed from a genuine supply-side perspective aimed at boosting growth , as well as Democratic domestic spending priorities , but very badly implemented .
Thus , policies aimed at boosting employment by the end of , say , this calendar year needed to be put in place about a year ago to have time to have reached their full effect .
As a result , there is now a very strong case to turn the focus of the US economy from measures aimed at increasing demand to measures aimed at boosting employment directly -LRB- without worrying much about whether these measures are efficient in the sense of substantially raising the quantity of goods and services produced -RRB- .
And there is still time for a substantial temporary and incremental new-hire tax credit aimed at getting businesses to boost employment before the end of 2010 .
Sighs of relief greeted EU leaders ' mid-year agreement on a Reform Treaty aimed at overhauling the Union 's decision-making mechanisms , but it is still uncertain whether the new pact will survive the ratification process in 27 countries .
The last emperor of the Tang Dynasty proclaimed seven era names in fourteen years , as he sought in vain to `` re-brand '' his reign and avoid his regime 's demise .
The protest movement that gathered in Tiananmen that year posed an existential threat to the Communist Party state , proclaimed in that very spot 40 years earlier by Mao Zedong .
To speed the process , a new long-term strategy aimed at the underlying factors at work in North Korea -- and in relations with its rulers -- is needed .
On the other side of the Atlantic , in Guatemala , the United States Public Health Service -LRB- PHS -RRB- is deliberately infecting prisoners and mental patients with syphilis in another `` experiment '' aimed at replacing the ineffective drugs used by soldiers during the war that had just ended .
With this move , the military leaders are putting their sham vote aimed at tightening their repressive grip on power ahead of the well being of the Burmese people .
Two rulings of the United States Supreme Court this week rejected the sweeping wartime powers claimed by President Bush .
PARIS -- The global economic crisis has claimed many victims -- unemployed workers , underwater homeowners , and bankrupt pensioners -- but nowhere have the repercussions been as devastating as in the developing world .
Now , we are told , ASEAN +3 has achieved another great breakthrough , the so-called Chiang Mai Initiative Multilateralization -LRB- CMIM -RRB- , aimed at turning its bilateral swaps and credits into a regional reserve pool .
The introduction of the euro in 1999 , it was claimed , would narrow the economic differences between the member countries of the monetary union .
After months of struggle , Yushchenko rightfully claimed the presidency .
If the Kremlin claimed credit for the oil - and gas-fired prosperity of the past six years -- prosperity due solely to economic exuberance elsewhere in the world -- the Kremlin should be accountable for the current devastation .
And he did deliver on a major new arms-reduction treaty with Russia , and hosted a summit aimed at reducing the vulnerability of nuclear weapons and materials to theft or diversion .
But this can and should be addressed by domestic policies aimed at bringing about structural change , not by external policies like exchange-rate appreciation .
This is one reason why , after Mao Zedong 's communists triumphed in China in 1949 and other Asian nations gained independence , most Asian countries adopted protectionist inward-looking economic policies aimed at building domestic strength , keeping the `` imperialists '' out , and achieving self-reliance .
Although cutting the Federal Funds interest rate from 5.25 % in the summer of 2007 to 3 % now contributes to dollar depreciation , this has been aimed at stimulating a weakening economy .
While aimed at reducing long-term environmental damage , cap-and-trade policies could produce significant harmful economic effects in the near term that would continue into the future .
The Obama administration has enacted legislation aimed at helping individuals who are having difficulty making their monthly mortgage payments because of a decline in their incomes or a rise in the interest rate on their mortgage .
Instead , the US stresses to foreign governments that an effective global trading system requires not only the removal of formal trade barriers , but also the absence of policies aimed at causing currency values that promote large trade surpluses .
The increase in leverage was driven in part by government policies aimed at expanding home ownership among lower-income groups that have proven unable to afford that life style .
The government 's initial policies aimed at raising aggregate demand focused on major infrastructure spending , including roads and mass transit .
Fortuyn proclaimed purity to be in danger : national culture ripe for a restorative purge .
The policy of isolation coupled with direct negotiations would be strengthened further by a common strategy toward Syria , aimed not at `` regime change , '' but at `` coalition change '' -- that is , drawing Syria away from its close alliance with Iran .
The French government , on the other hand , fears that the Germans ' commitment to eurozone stability is a ploy aimed at pushing France into a corner and leaving it behind economically .
Are we , as many commentators have argued , witnessing the consequences of the so-called `` neo-Ottoman '' foreign policy of Turkey 's Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- government , which is supposedly aimed at switching camps and returning to the country 's oriental Islamic roots ?
Merkel 's proposals do not reflect a German strategy aimed at leading the EU through this crisis .
The occupation tax should also include action aimed at ending the virtual impunity enjoyed by the Israel Defense Force .
People became aware of the need for truly global governance . And , at long last , a number of proposals emerged aimed at making such governance a reality .
Secondary and higher education are rightly near the top of the agenda list of the new government . But so are measures aimed at harnessing the state to efforts to encourage entrepreneurship and boost economic dynamism such as public guaranties for housing and start-ups , and fiscal rebate for investment in small enterprises .
This language , in force since July 2002 , arguably applies to official Israeli policies aimed at promoting `` indirect transfer '' by providing financial incentives to voluntary settlers .
Would it be possible to detect in advance clandestine activity aimed at producing one , and , if so , what would Iran have to pledge in the matter of inspections and checks , and how might such pledges be obtained ?
First , we have seen multiple examples of domestic investments by SWFs clearly aimed at sustaining and stabilizing domestic economies .
His model , which he admitted was `` a simplification and an idealization , '' aimed to highlight the `` features of greatest importance '' in an embryo 's development .
Although the approach to interest rate management by the two central banks has claimed the most attention , the different styles of each in their interventions in global currency markets bears watching because of their impact on growth .
Just as the post-1945 Marshall Plan consisted of a financial-aid package aimed at reconstructing and re-launching Western Europe 's economies to support democratic transformation and political stability , the countries of the Arab Spring face similar challenges and needs .
This is why Italy has proposed a new EU `` Plan for the Mediterranean '' aimed at supporting the transition process and building upon existing institutional and financial tools to provide the region with additional resources .
At the same time , the EU must launch a `` dialogue among equals '' on political and security matters , aimed at confidence-building across the region .
Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher notoriously proposed that the field simply does not exist : there is no such thing as society , she claimed .
Many so-called frauds are cases in which researchers claimed credit for work they have not really carried out , but that pointed in the right direction and was eventually completed by others .
China is also working on `` connectivity '' projects -- namely , a rail and highway network -- aimed at boosting economic and social ties between China and the ASEAN countries .
This property , it now seems , could be reclaimed by the state at any moment .
Other policy moves aimed at boosting demand in the housing and auto market also proved effective .
Instead , they adopted counter-cyclical measures aimed at preventing the economy from overheating .
This so-called `` off-label '' use is sustained by continuous propaganda aimed not only at doctors , but also directly at the public .
In countries like Greece , Finland , Italy , and Portugal , joining the single currency ran against the interests of some industrialists , who viewed the devaluation of the national currency as preferable to better but tougher choices aimed at maintaining and improving competitiveness .
After the Beslan tragedy , Putin offered an exotic explanation of terrorism : the terrorists , he claimed , are instruments in the hands of those who still fear Russia as a nuclear power .
Much evidence points to the affair originating not in a systematic nationalization project , but rather in the Kremlin 's perception that Khodorkovsky aimed to use his wealth to privatize the Russian state itself .
This means that the US is about to repeat its `` Kyoto experience . '' Twenty years ago , in 1990 , the US participated -LRB- at least initially -RRB- in the first global talks aimed at achieving a global accord to reduce CO2 emissions .
The meetings are aimed at creating the impression that the world 's leaders are still working on a solution to the problem .
A self-sustaining recovery is , of course , possible , but it presupposes a massive structural adjustment aimed at restoring US competitiveness in global markets .
The victor will almost surely endorse a new diplomatic initiative aimed at ending Iran 's independent ability to enrich uranium .
We have learned the hard way that closed political systems breed resentment and extremism aimed against the interests of America , the West , and , indeed , the entire world .
The two conflicts have claimed more than 6,000 American lives , cost more than $ 1 trillion , and consumed countless hours for two presidents and their senior staff .
The US has been lobbying China for some time for economic policy changes aimed at stimulating domestic demand and open markets .
In the West , occultism emerged in response to the Enlightenment 's faith in science , helped by a number of medical professionals who claimed that vampires actually existed .
By doing so , a consensus was reversed that aimed to reduce the presidency 's powers and move toward a more parliamentary system .
Saudi Arabia , a self-proclaimed bulwark of Islamic conservatism , where popular democracy has never been considered a legitimate form of rule , has been more aggressive in some arenas than in others .
This gap is beginning to close as NATO begins to deploy assets , such as attack helicopters , aimed more directly and boldly at the real goal of removing Qaddafi from power .
Restricting criminal liability to actual perpetrators , carefully excluding clansmen and kin , is a fragile historical innovation aimed at interrupting spirals of bloody inter-communal violence .
But to make it absolutely certain , Kahuta issued glossy brochures aimed at `` classified organizations . ''
Likewise , according to the Pakistani ambassador in Washington , military strikes by the United States aimed at al-Qaeda and Taliban havens inside Pakistan 's tribal areas would destabilize Pakistan and `` possibly could bring -LRB- General Pervez Musharraf -RRB- down . ''
In one of their many forays outside the seminary , this burqa brigade swooped upon a house , which they claimed was a brothel , and kidnapped three women and a baby .
This was the stagnant context in which Iraq embarked on its military expansionism in 1991 , aimed at the occupation of Kuwait .
Other policies aimed at mitigating climate change also have positive effects on health .
By far the most widely used instrument are anti-dumping duties aimed at imposing some restraint on companies that behave in an anti-competitive way .
The ECB has never claimed that its strategy is the ultimate solution to the challenges monetary policy is confronted with .
And , just as important , reforms aimed at ensuring greater flexibility of markets still lag behind what is needed to exploit fully the advantages of the single monetary policy .
Though much of the violence in Iraq over the past six years has been random , aimed at soft targets such as markets and restaurants , its nature changed last summer .
He claimed that the `` Winds of war are blowing , '' and that the announcement of the military agreement `` can transform itself into a tragedy . ''
But such apparently attractive strategies aimed at making better people turn out to be exclusionary -- and based on rather arbitrary testing .
It stated that interventions aimed at objectives inconsistent with economic fundamentals were futile and counter-productive .
Much of the world began to turn away from the American way of doing business . Europeans and Asians claimed with renewed vigor that their capitalist model involved a greater commitment to long-term values and a long-term vision .
Enron aimed at getting a dominant position as the premier energy trader . Parmalat wanted to do the same for the long-life milk market .
China 's government has blocked Liu 's wife , the acclaimed photographer Liu Xia , from participating by keeping her under virtual house arrest in Beijing .
This year also marks the 50th anniversary of the Great Leap Forward , when 20-40 million Chinese died of starvation , as well as the tenth anniversary of the government 's ban on Falun gong , an organization of self-claimed religious and meditation practitioners that has challenged the Communist Party 's legitimacy .
Arms sales to Taiwan , Tibetan activism , and `` color revolutions '' of various kinds are all sponsored by the US and other Western powers , and are aimed at weakening China .
The first is comprehensive tax reform aimed at aligning tax policy with desirable economic incentives .
In December , the Republican minority on the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission -LRB- FCIC -RRB- , weighed in with a preemptive dissenting narrative . According to this group , misguided government policies , aimed at increasing homeownership among relatively poor people , pushed too many into taking out subprime mortgages that they could not afford .
Let 's hope that by then he will have helped move the consensus permanently among his colleagues -- preparing the ground for further congressional action aimed at a serious tightening of safeguards over the financial sector .
One would think that a self-proclaimed conservative like Beck would support that sort of activity .
On March 14 , 2008 , the Chief Public Prosecutor opened an investigation aimed at shutting down the AKP on the grounds that it was intent on violating the constitutional ban on promoting religion .
His philosophy of non-violence was aimed at the most basic form of human aggression : the appetite for more than one 's share .
At the same time , he indicated his intention to advance diplomacy aimed at strengthening the solidarity among Asian nations , founded on `` the Japan-US alliance for the world and for Asia . ''
Moreover , although the current assistants ' authority is limited , Abe plans to submit legislation aimed at strengthening the prime minister 's office , including an amendment of the cabinet law .
But it is also the responsibility of the government to prepare a detailed and realistic policy aimed at securing the necessary level of defense capability in the event of unforeseen threats .
The navy is to shift its focus away from the anti-submarine warfare -LRB- ASW -RRB- capability of the Cold War era , creating a structure aimed at defending islands , monitoring and responding to ballistic missiles , and combating illegal spy ship activities .
What lay behind the declaration was the regime 's recognition that a second-term Bush administration would not soften its demand for a complete repudiation of its nuclear program , but would instead continue to pursue policies aimed at isolating and stifling North Korea .
After all , the mere possession of nuclear weapons , even if aimed at each other , does not turn countries into enemies .
Civilians have become the main victims of a strategy aimed at undermining the guerrillas , which has resulted in forced labor , the use of human minesweepers , and massive relocations of entire villages .
Pizzeria Venezia proclaimed a sign with a carving of a gondola .
Despite Communists ' self-proclaimed `` divine right '' to a monopoly on power , other systems have proven far more vulnerable to monarchist seizures .
Yeltsin aimed for the same goal .
Athletic imagery -- used to brilliant effect in Leni Riefenstahl 's acclaimed documentary -- appeared to create a link between the Nazis and the ancient Greeks , and to confirm the Nazi myth that Germans and German civilization were the true heirs to the `` Aryan '' culture of classical antiquity .
While designing the master plan for the Beijing Games , Speer Jr. , an acclaimed architect and town planner , also sought , like his father , to create a futuristic global metropolis .
Kolakowski , modern Poland 's most acclaimed philosopher , quickly learned that mendacity was the true building block of Communism , and he withdrew from it in horror .
Upon assuming the presidency in 2008 , Medvedev proclaimed : `` We must achieve a true respect for law , and overcome the legal nihilism that is hampering modern development . '' And , in a much discussed newspaper article entitled `` Russia Forward , '' he declared , `` Should we continue to drag into the future our primitive raw-materials economy , endemic corruption , and inveterate habit of relying on the state to solve our problems ?
In the tragedy that claimed the lives of Polish President Lech Kaczynski and 95 other Polish leaders , we can answer that question with certainty in at least one respect : history is to blame .
MOSCOW -- In a recent interview , Russia 's President Dmitri Medvedev proclaimed that he wants a second term in office following the 2012 election , but that he would not run against Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , who put him in power in the first place .
Recognizing that global recovery depends on the emerging economies -- that is , the developing world -- G-20 leaders embraced investments aimed at lifting the world 's most vulnerable people out of poverty .
The world would also welcome a resumption of bilateral negotiations between the US and Russia aimed at deep and verifiable reductions of their arsenals .
Turkey is belatedly engaging with the Middle East by mediating conflicts , developing economic relations , and liberalizing the movement of people , all initiatives aimed at promoting regional peace , prosperity , and openness .
I am convinced that this is a misguided strategy -- not only because of the uncertainty about the dangers that global warming might pose , but also because of the certainty of the damage that these proposed policies aimed at mitigation will impose .
It is claimed that government , working together with business , will create `` a new energy economy , '' that the businesses involved will profit , and that everyone will be better off .
The policy change aimed at rectifying this grim reality in Serbia came when the Ministry agreed to apply country wide a pilot project that has , since 2003 , established a range of community-based support services to enable persons with intellectual disabilities to leave the institutions where they were confined and begin living lives in the wider world .
We must train students and practitioners in critical self-reflection on that which limits their care-giving ; in strategies and techniques aimed at opening a space for the moral acts of care-giving ; and in the most concrete and practical acts of assistance , so that they never forget what care-giving actually means .
TOKYO -- For 30 years after World War II 's end , Vietnam claimed the global spotlight .
Indeed , when Japan provided relief to the countries hit by the Sumatra earthquake in 2004 , which claimed 250,000 lives , it was keenest to promote an early warning system for tsunamis .
As for Japan , once the initial economic panic subsides , bipartisan agreement will be necessary to design and approve a budget aimed at bringing about the quickest possible recovery .
Since the accident at Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant in March , Kan has aimed at lifting the bans that many countries have imposed on imports of Japanese agricultural products , and so offered the two heads of state cherries from Fukushima in a bid to highlight their safety .
And China not only proclaimed Clinton 's intervention over the South China Sea islands an `` attack , '' but also held unscheduled naval maneuvers in the Yellow Sea in advance of the US-South Korean exercise .
Finally a ceasefire must be supported by round-the-clock negotiations -LRB- preferably in secret with top-level US involvement -RRB- aimed at ending the basic reason for the violence -- the occupation of the Palestinian areas -- and determining the issues of borders , settlements , refugees , and Jerusalem .
The agreement needs to be followed by an effort to end the economic and administrative siege of Palestine , as well as serious peace talks with Israel aimed at ending the 39-year occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
Notwithstanding the UN Secretary General 's statement , Israel claimed self-defense , as the air strikes followed a rocket attack from Gaza that killed an Israeli civilian in the border town of Sderot .
Until now , Israelis and Palestinians have insisted on various `` red lines '' that they proclaimed they would never cross .
This is the crux of the Lisbon Treaty , which is designed to usher in new institutions and mechanisms aimed at creating more politically cohesive EU external policies .
The Jews , the defense claimed , do not constitute a race .
Malmö police say that , of the 115 hate crimes recorded in the city in 2009 , 52 were aimed at Jews or Jewish institutions .
This would supplement current spending of $ 2 billion , only about 30 % of which is for interventions specifically aimed at newborns , while the majority is for interventions that also benefit mothers and older children .
It is not just California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger who has recognized the signs of the times and proclaimed bold Kyoto targets for his state that may become a pacemaker of All-American modernization again .
In addition , there is rising mistrust of politicians who can not fulfill promises to halt immigration , accompanied by perceptions of immigrants as law-breakers rather than enterprising people , and mistreatment of refugees aimed at deterring people who want to work from applying for asylum .
Thus , the lesson from economic history and development is straightforward : government support aimed at upgrading and diversifying industry must be anchored in the requisite endowments .
Although internationalization of the economy has served China well , it is unlikely that the current 35 % share of GDP claimed by exports and the heavy reliance on foreign technology are sustainable in the long run .
Even the few who claimed knowledge about Roma were unsure about who commissioned the billboard .
But the more relevant question is whom Khodorkovsky 's letter aimed to address . Vedomosti readers may sympathize with Khodorkovsky 's plight , but they account for only 60 thousand people .
Likewise , Russia 's effort to expand its influence in the energy-rich countries of Central Asia is aimed at consolidating Russia 's stature as a major energy supplier .
At the same time , these governments practice a diplomacy inspired by one idea : America 's post-Iraq hegemony is fragile , thus making profitable a policy of confrontation aimed at weakening the enemy . This explains the bizarre de facto alliance between Venezuela , Iran and Belarus , and Venezuela 's failed candidacy for a seat on the United Nations Security Council .
· Recently , a coalition of prominent environmental and development organizations claimed that malaria would increase in a warmer world .
But , while an expensive campaign to combat a particularly dangerous , communicable disease like HIV\/AIDS makes sense , it is less clear that this approach works well when aimed at providing the public with general , health-related information .
The last ¤ 500 million could fund an eight-fold increase in research and development aimed at improving CO2-efficient energy technologies , enabling everyone in the long run to reduce emissions much more dramatically , and at much lower cost .
Al Gore , for example , famously claimed that a whopping six meters -LRB- 20 feet -RRB- of sea-level rise would flood major cities around the world .
In June , Hansen proclaimed that people who spread `` disinformation '' about global warming -- CEOs , politicians , in fact anyone who does n't follow Hansen 's narrow definition of the `` truth '' -- should literally be tried for crimes against humanity .
Finally , it is often claimed that high CO2 taxes and subsidies for green technology will actually do good , and again Denmark is often taken as an example .
This means that we need to invest much more in research and development aimed at developing low-carbon energy .
Recently , former US Vice President Al Gore and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon claimed that , `` in the US , there are now more jobs in the wind industry than in the entire coal industry . ''
In March , Al Gore 's science adviser and prominent climate researcher , Jim Hansen , proclaimed that when it comes to dealing with global warming , the `` democratic process is n't working . ''
This finding was based on a groundbreaking research paper that showed that even a highly efficient global CO2 tax aimed at fulfilling the ambitious goal of keeping temperature increases below 2oC would reduce annual world GDP by a staggering 12.9 % , or $ 40 trillion , in 2100 .
Hezbollah is under order by the UN Security Council to disarm and disband its militia , but it claimed that even after Israel 's full withdrawal from Lebanon in 2000 , it needed its weapons to continue to liberate `` Lebanese territory . '' That refers to a tiny fragment of land , the so-called Sheba farms , declared by UN inspectors to be in Israel , but which Hezbollah claims as part of Lebanon .
Some of these funds were aimed to improve countries ' fiscal balance .
Hizb al ghad recently produced a 48-page draft constitution , aimed at reviving Egypt 's stagnant political life .
So emerging markets should collaborate to develop health-knowledge networks aimed at facilitating mutual learning .
In his recent US Senate testimony , Rumsfeld claimed that the military police at Abu Ghraib were instructed to abide by the Geneva conventions .
Such tactics are aimed at confronting an enemy that is armed with the most advanced weapons systems , but is vulnerable to sabotage and asymmetrical attack , even latter-day guerilla warfare .
The main conclusion of my work is that policies aimed at ensuring liquidity can not only prevent bank panics , but also avoid the excess risk-taking that deposit insurance encourages .
Rich Europe , Poor Europe From its earliest days , the European Union has aimed for balanced economic development across its many regions .
To reap the benefits , sub-Saharan Africa must form an oil-based confederation under the tutelage of thoroughly reformed regional groupings aimed at encouraging economic integration and political union .
Except for some odd and hapless individuals , there have been no underground armies , separatist terrorists , campaigns of civil disobedience aimed at unseating governments , or even any mass demonstrations .
According to counter-insurgency expert David Kilcullen , the violence in Thailand 's deep South -- which has now claimed more than 3,500 lives -- was some of the most intense in the world between 2004 and 2007 , `` second only to Iraq and Afghanistan during this period . ''
I am , therefore , deeply disappointed that a package of measures adopted in this area in 2004 -- aimed at simplifying and modernizing procedures -- has not been transposed within the agreed deadline by several member states .
This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Ceausescu did not acknowledge the applause of his retainers .
Globalization 's Assassin The world 's first wave of economic globalization , led by the British Empire in the nineteenth century , came to an end literally with a bang on a Sunday afternoon in 1914 , when Gavrilo Princip killed -LRB- with two uncannily well-aimed bullets -RRB- Austria 's Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his wife .
While the long-run record of this theory is irrefutable , China 's authoritarian ruling elite is not only determined to hold on to power , but it also has been smart enough to take adaptive measures aimed at countering the liberalizing effects of economic development .
At home , Sarkozy has aimed his message particularly at the young , issuing a patriotic call to the values of work and discipline , a counter-revolutionary revolution .
Or is a latter-day Yalta Conference , aimed at redrawing the political boundaries of Europe , necessary ?
The proportion of new outlays devoted to energy conservation and reduction have been cut almost in half , just when reforms in the price structure of energy use were beginning to kick in . Some measures aimed at redistributing the energy load -- such as solar and wind power -- have been retained .
This is true even for investors who ultimately decide that strategies aimed at generating higher normal and post-shock average returns are worth it .
Arab governments -- and many Westerners -- claimed that privatization and other economic reforms should be given priority over political change .
Throughout the region , elections have been used to create a façade of democracy aimed at impressing citizens and the outside world while insulating the regimes from pressure for genuine reform .
The Bulgarian political scientist Ivan Krastev , for example , has claimed that what we are actually experiencing is 1968 `` in reverse . '' `` Then students on the streets of Europe , '' he says , `` declared their desire to live in a world different from the world of their parents .
In order to attract the FDI needed to achieve this , southern African countries have enacted laws aimed at encouraging greater private sector participation , with special emphasis on foreign investment .
NATO 's intervention in Kosovo was underway , and critics claimed that prosecuting Milosevic made the tribunal an arm of NATO and would prevent a settlement .
The creation of Camp X-Ray at Guantanamo , and President Bush 's executive order establishing military commissions to try those held there , aimed to deal with prisoners seized during the war in Afghanistan whom the US considered to be `` unlawful combatants . ''
One proclaimed `` solidarity with Zimbabwe ... to encourage and sustain the positive developments that are taking place . '' The other condemns `` the Commonwealth , the European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- , and the United States of America -LRB- US -RRB- sanctions as they hurt not only ordinary Zimbabweans but also have profound social and economic implications on the region as a whole . ''
The Bush administration proclaimed a national security policy that insists that America provides the only sustainable model for national success , and asserted its right to engage in unilateral , preemptive military strikes .
Vilks argued that his work was a provocation aimed at revealing the selective liberalism within the Swedish intellectual establishment -- its multiculturalism , one could say .
Motherland 's proclaimed policies , a heady brew of nationalism and socialism , are espoused by seasoned leaders , including the economist Sergei Glazyev , chairman of the Duma foreign affairs committee Dmitry Rogozin , and former Central Bank head Viktor Gerashchenko .
Alexis de Toqueville claimed that unfulfilled hopes lie at the basis of every revolution , that every revolution is engendered by disillusion caused by exaggerated expectations .
And , with the resource boom fueling Russia 's self-proclaimed return to international influence , the Kremlin will continue to exploit its successful strategy of playing one European country off against another , aided by the EU 's lack of a coherent Russia strategy and a common energy policy .
Initiatives aimed at fostering scientific excellence in Europe , like one recently launched in Germany that officially defined three universities , all in the southern part of the country , as `` excellent '' -LRB- qualifying them for extra funding -RRB- , seek to make universities more attractive and thus more competitive .
The international community 's challenge will be to help ensure that the political space claimed by the Kenyan public remains open .
Our Low-Carbon Future LONDON -- The United Nations climate change conference , to be held in Copenhagen this December , should provide the climax to two years of international negotiations over a new global treaty aimed at addressing the causes and consequences of greenhouse-gas emissions .
As their designated representative , al-Hanashi knew which prisoners had claimed to have been tortured or abused , and by whom .
They back President George W. Bush 's Proliferation Security Initiative aimed at stopping traffic in weapons of mass destruction .
Most important in the current situation will be the development of a long-term strategy of cultural and educational exchanges aimed at developing a richer and more open civil society in Middle Eastern countries .
Analysts such as John Mearsheimer of the University of Chicago have flatly proclaimed that China can not rise peacefully , and predict that `` the United States and China are likely to engage in an intense security competition with considerable potential for war . ''
Neither country aims to restrain China in the way the `` containment '' strategy aimed at an aggressive Soviet Union during the Cold War , but both want to create an international structure that does not tempt China to throw its weight around .
During the 2004 election campaign , Bush claimed that the new department had made Americans safer .
Rather than try to build as many nuclear weapons as possible , he proclaimed a doctrine of `` sufficiency , '' holding only a minimal number for protection .
Although in theory communism aimed to establish a system of class justice , Lenin 's heirs maintained domestic power through a brutal security apparatus involving lethal purges , gulags , broad censorship , and ubiquitous informants .
Iran claims that its nuclear program is aimed solely at peaceful uses , and that it has the right to develop uranium enrichment and other technologies as a signatory of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- .
While some Central European members that were formerly occupied by the USSR continue to see NATO as a political insurance policy against a revival of Russian ambitions , NATO is no longer aimed against Russia .
Bush has long claimed that the number of troops in Iraq was a military decision and that he simply followed the advice of his generals , but now this is clearly not the case .
The real guarantee of American resolve to defend Japan is the presence of US troops and bases , and cooperation on issues -- such as ballistic missile defense -- aimed at protecting both Americans and Japanese .
More recently , many claimed that with the rise of China and the petro-states , an American slowdown could be decoupled from the rest of the world .
Obama has proclaimed that he will close the Guantánamo Bay detention facility within a year , and he has declassified the legal memos that were used to justify what is now widely regarded as torture of detainees .
In this approach to public diplomacy , government policy is aimed at promoting and participating in , rather than controlling , such cross-border networks .
In 2007 , President Hu Jintao proclaimed the importance of investing in China 's soft power .
By accompanying its growing hard power with efforts to make itself more attractive , China aimed to stem its neighbors ' fears and tendency to balance Chinese power .
Indeed , China 's 12th Five-Year Plan is aimed at reducing dependence on exports and boosting domestic demand .
CAMBRIDGE -- At the Cold War 's end , some pundits proclaimed that `` geo-economics '' had replaced geopolitics .
Obama has proclaimed that he will close the Guantánamo detention facility within a year , and he has declassified the legal memos that were used to justify what is now widely regarded as torture of detainees .
Regulation of cross-border capital flows has been strangely absent from the G-20 's agenda , which is aimed at strengthening financial regulation .
This could form the basis for industrialized countries to adjust their tax codes and deploy other types of regulation to keep capital at home , while emerging markets implement measures aimed at changing the composition and reducing the level of potentially destabilizing inflows .
Such a new platform should also be used to work towards structural reform of the international monetary system aimed at reducing its excessive reliance on the US dollar as a reserve currency .
NEW YORK -- For those of us who have long claimed that the world 's international financial architecture needed deep reform , the call for a `` Bretton Woods II '' is welcome .
For numerous reasons , not every country can afford to build smelting facilities that operate at the level claimed by Umicore .
Nigeria 's main challenge now is to maintain peace and unity between the country 's fractious ethnic groups while implementing policy , political , and constitutional reforms aimed at quickening the pace of democratization , delivering shared prosperity , and firmly binding Nigeria 's constituent parts into a `` more perfect union . ''
Nigeria , grappling with a worsening economic crisis , wants to double daily production to four million barrels , to reflect new discoveries that the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation -LRB- NNPC -RRB- claimed in December 2003 had increased reserves to 34 billion barrels .
Shell claimed it did not want to jeopardize these negotiations by making public the true state of its Nigerian reserves .
In addition to rolling out the welcome mat for energy-hungry China , oil ministry officials say they will tighten financial regulations and impose sanctions on companies seen as defaulting on tax and royalty payments -- moves apparently aimed at local subsidiaries of Western oil companies in the Niger Delta .
Neighboring leaders have viewed the recently erected statue in downtown Tashkent of the ancient conqueror Tamarlane as a warning aimed directly at them .
WARSAW -- Remember the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement -LRB- PCA -RRB- , aimed at enshrining `` commonly-shared values '' between Russia and the European Community ?
Moreover , the European Commission has indicated that it is ready to resume talks aimed at bringing Serbia closer to the European Union as soon as a reform-oriented government is formed in Belgrade .
Turkey , which for nearly two decades has proclaimed its support for Azerbaijan , publicly conditioned rapprochement with Armenia on Armenian concessions to Azerbaijan .
Or should Israel respond `` proportionally , '' by firing 10 to 80 rockets , indiscriminately aimed against Gazan homes and schools , every day for the next few years ?
Toledo claimed that he would send all dishonest officials to prison - words that captured the imagination of Peruvians , who yearned to see criminal politicians brought to justice .
Toledo later claimed that he was wrong to trust Almeyda , but few believed that the president had not known what Almeyda , a trusted confidante , had done .
Although good governance and human rights remained among the ENP 's proclaimed goals , official communications of the European Commission show that it emphasized security and border control .
Policies aimed at ensuring export-led growth also include export subsidies and barriers to imports .
Breaking the Neoclassical Monopoly in Economics For 25 years , the so-called `` Washington Consensus '' -- comprising measures aimed at expanding the role of markets and constraining the role of the state -- has dominated economic development policy .
Whereas pre-1980 monetary policy tacitly aimed at putting a floor under labor markets to preserve employment and wages , it now tacitly puts a floor under asset prices .
It is often claimed in the Islamic world that , because one of the five fundamental duties of a Muslim is Zakat -LRB- charity to the poor -RRB- , Islamic society is less atomistic , which limits inequality and social exclusion .
Several EU leaders have claimed that Turkish membership would spark a wave of migration and strain the European economy .
The fall of the Berlin Wall marked the end of an era of mistrust and division , and opened the way for cooperation aimed at a peaceful and stable Europe .
In the longer term , radical reforms in capital , product , and labor markets will also be needed , complemented by a stronger and more cohesive investment strategy at the European level , aimed at boosting competitiveness and restoring growth prospects .
Russia 's actions are aimed at fomenting an anti-government backlash in Georgia , thereby paving the way for pro-Russian political forces to come to power .
For centuries , the Protestant and Catholic tribes had intermittently clashed , and over a period of three decades -- a time euphemistically known as `` the Troubles '' -- terrorism had claimed more than 3,000 lives and tens of thousands of injuries .
His greatest achievement was the peace deal in Northern Ireland . That historic triumph depended on bringing in Sinn Fein politicians -- leaders of the Irish Republican movement who in many cases could not be distinguished from the IRA , which bombed , shot , and maimed civilians in pursuit of its political goals .
Big lottery winners , it is claimed , end up miserable , though real-life research suggests that they are as happy as you and I would be with a check for a million dollars .
France and Germany fail to grasp that the candidate countries ' support for the US is not aimed against `` old Europe . ''
Even before attaining EU membership , all candidate countries ' governments had to start adopting measures aimed at meeting the Maastricht criteria within several years , because the new members had committed themselves in their accession treaties to adopting the euro .
Israel never said that it wants to destroy Iran ; Israel never openly proclaimed that it would enrich uranium and build nuclear bombs in order to destroy another country .
Socrates , Plato 's teacher , famously goaded the Athenian authorities by maintaining that he was wiser than the Oracle at Delphi , who claimed to be the wisest , because he , unlike most people -LRB- including the Athenian authorities -RRB- , knew that he did not know anything .
Whereas `` the Republicans ' actions are not aimed at us , '' but instead `` at Islamic terrorists and rogue states , '' under a Democratic president , Russia would likely `` become a prime focus of antagonism , due to our authoritarianism , our lack of democracy , stifling of freedom , and violation of human rights . ''
Instead , it is claimed , eurozone members should have been allowed to default .
The Battle of the Temples BANGKOK -- The military skirmishes between Thailand and Cambodia that have claimed more than two dozen lives , caused scores of injuries , and displaced tens of thousands of people since February are primarily attributable to domestic politics in both countries .
It supports that it was aimed at such things as the derogatory cartoons of the prophet Mohammad published in a Danish newspaper three years ago .
Calley always claimed that he was following orders .
In the US , this sentiment has fueled the Tea Party , which coalesces around opposition to government expansion -LRB- and to elites more generally -RRB- , even if that expansion is aimed at regulating big banks -LRB- presumably because government regulations tend to be shaped by the powerful among the regulated -RRB- .
A similar suicide bombing two days later claimed the lives of 58 French soldiers .
After his first chemotherapy session , Chávez exclaimed : `` I am radically changing my life . ''
The big private equity funds have proven to be a menace to healthy companies , to workers ' rights , and to the European Union 's Lisbon Agenda -LRB- aimed at making Europe the world 's most competitive economy -RRB- .
Indeed , it is part of a much broader reform effort aimed at strengthening the IMF and will have implications extending well beyond the Fund 's boardroom .
Last year The Economist claimed that `` Growth really does help the poor : in fact it raises their incomes by about as much as it raises the incomes of everybody else . ''
Yet , in a letter published soon after by the same magazine , Justin Forsyth of Oxfam claimed that '' . . current patterns of growth and globalization are widening income disparities and hence acting as a brake on poverty reduction . ''
Although the country was never as protected from the global downturn as its authorities claimed , the country benefits from some factors that do help ease the damage inflicted by the international crisis , especially with regard to the availability of foreign currency in these times of restrictions on external financing .
There was also skepticism among developing countries about whether a stronger UN commitment to human rights was what Annan claimed it to be or , instead , merely a moral flag of convenience -- or worse , a legal warrant for Western military intervention .
The main focus will be the lagging wages of rural workers , whose per capita incomes are currently only 30 % of those in urban areas -- precisely the opposite of China 's aspirations for a more `` harmonious society . '' Among the reforms will be tax policies aimed at boosting rural purchasing power , measures to broaden rural land ownership , and technology-led programs to raise agricultural productivity .
Unlike the West , where the very concept of strategy has become an oxymoron , China has embraced a transitional framework aimed at resolving its sustainability constraints .
In reality , the trials amount to a grave breach of the rule of law , with the judiciary transformed into a political weapon aimed at opponents of the government and the Gülen movement .
The natural remedies for these pathologies are claimed to be economic openness and improved governance .
One can not commend the 1990 's Clinton-Gore administration for taking any brave steps aimed at radically reducing carbon emissions .
Indeed , the US Congress has already produced a series of ominous bills aimed at retaliating against China and other countries that engage in one-way currency intervention .
After the financial crisis erupted with full force in 2008 , former US Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker claimed that the only worthwhile financial innovation in recent decades was the ATM .
The reform treaty that is to be adopted in 2009 is aimed at overcoming the EU 's supposed `` democratic deficit . ''
With traditional monetary policy becoming less effective , non-traditional policy tools aimed at generating greater liquidity and credit -LRB- via quantitative easing and direct central bank purchases of private illiquid assets -RRB- will become necessary .
The socialization of private losses and fiscal laxity aimed at stimulating economies in a slump have led to a dangerous build-up of public budget deficits and debt .
This should be aimed at restraining excessive credit growth , which the monetary growth that follows currency intervention would otherwise cause .
The right balance today requires creating jobs partly through additional fiscal stimulus aimed at productive infrastructure investment .
Citing a long-standing doctrine in international law , advocates of a write-off claimed that Iraq 's debt was `` odious . '' As a result , the creditors were no longer protected under global legal rules .
The left had maintained that Arafat would make a deal and honor it ; the right claimed that Arafat would make a deal and violate it .
The Pakistani security establishment believes that it faces a US-Indian-Afghan alliance aimed at undermining Pakistani influence in Afghanistan and even dismembering the Pakistani state . Civilian leaders evaluate Pakistan 's national interests differently , but they , too , can not be indifferent to Pakistan 's chronic sense of insecurity .
Instead , the new US administration should help to create a broad multilateral framework for the region , one aimed at building a genuine consensus on the goal of achieving Afghan stability by addressing the legitimate sources of Pakistan 's insecurity while strengthening opposition to disruptive Pakistani behavior .
The carry trade during this period was primarily aimed at maximizing returns rather than managing risks .
Consider that the violent extremists have their own `` media relations committees '' aimed at manipulating elite opinion .
Donors should lend their support by backing long-term solutions aimed at increasing food production , slowing population growth , and mitigating long-term global climate change .
The Europeans who conquered and colonized the Americas after 1492 did not find vast empty lands , as they sometimes proclaimed , but rather lands populated by communities dating back thousands of years .
Second , she claimed that there had been vote rigging `` on both sides , '' and suggested that the true election results were very close and that perhaps Kibaki had won .
During 2002-2006 , I led the United Nations Millennium Project , which aimed to achieve the Millennium Development Goals , for then-UN Secretary General Kofi Annan .
They claimed that scientists were fabricating evidence in order to obtain government research grants -- a ludicrous accusation , I thought at the time , given that the scientists under attack have devoted their lives to finding the truth , and have certainly not become rich relative to their peers in finance and business .
This focus on material improvement aimed at meeting basic needs makes sense for a country at Bhutan 's relatively low income level .
President Barack Obama will lose any hope for passing progressive legislation aimed at helping the poor or the environment .
The US is far too focused on expensive and failed military approaches in the drylands -- whether in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Yemen , or Somalia -- to pay heed to long-term economic development strategies aimed at addressing the root causes of these countries ' ongoing crises .
Then the war itself began with the so-called `` shock and awe '' bombing of Baghdad -- a made-for-TV live spectacle aimed at ensuring high ratings for the US-led invasion .
This fund would be aimed not only at poor countries , but at some middle income countries like South Africa where diseases like AIDS are so rampant that the volume of drugs needed to combat disease can not be purchased even at reduced prices .
Exports of machinery and transport equipment , embodying higher technology , claimed only 10 % or so of exports and only 1 % of GDP .
They hailed the strength of the US economy , bemoaned the alleged weaknesses of the European economy , and claimed that the Euro was mismanaged .
Of course , moderates on both sides would prefer as much land and room to maneuver as possible , but they prefer a negotiated compromise aimed at ending the violence .
At the heart of the budget is the realization that reducing poverty requires both rapid economic growth and targeted investments aimed at the poorest of the poor .
Thus , the budget supports critical areas of market reform and growth promotion , including measures aimed at deepening the financial sector , promoting exports , and liberalizing foreign direct investment .
Earlier in the afternoon , 10 separate plumes of smoke rose from Southern Falluja , as it etched against the desert sky , and probably exclaimed catastrophe for the insurgents . ''
In the Gulf , Iran has tried to reassure its Arab neighbors that Iranian power is not aimed at them and can in fact be a pillar of gulf security .
The army action in Wana , aimed against Al Qaeda and Taliban operatives who are believed to be hiding there , has led to several civilian casualties , including women and children , and rendered over 30,000 people homeless .
Specifically , the EU must develop a diplomatic strategy aimed at strengthening cooperation with all major energy producing , transit , and consumer countries , while creating within the Union a mutually beneficial , open , transparent , and stable energy sector based on reciprocity .
Navigating Lebanon 's Political Minefield On the face of it , the donor conference of Western and oil-rich Arab nations in Paris this week merely continues the work of two previous multilateral conferences in 2001 and 2002 , aimed at helping Lebanon to rebuild its infrastructure after years of civil war and Israeli occupation and to tackle its massive debt .
Thus , its proclaimed `` disagreement '' with North Korea 's withdrawal from the Non-Proliferation Treaty was relatively mild .
Indeed , it has simply taken new forms , partly owing to economic and technical progress - and with it an increase in available wealth - and partly owing to efforts aimed at allaying it .
Equal rights , according to this logic - as socialist thought has emphasized - imply public policies aimed at narrowing inequalities in the actual living conditions of all citizens .
Making the IMF and World Bank Work for the Poor The World Bank has long proclaimed its dream of `` a world free from poverty . ''
His most controversial political moves were aimed at his domestic opponents , not the Chinese government on the mainland .
Initially aimed at creating a security fence along the green line , the 1967 borders of Israel , it has gradually stretched across that would-be boundary , confiscating Palestinian land and amounting to a de facto annexation of a large part of the West Bank .
It is aimed at dealing with long-term changes in the labor market , rather than assuring temporary wage levels .
The article claimed that the change raised costs by forcing British construction workers to perform more of their jobs in relative darkness .
In fact , Blinder 's proposal is only one of many possible government policies aimed at dealing with the Internet-age turmoil in the market for jobs and livelihoods .
In many countries , governments in 2009 responded to the collapse of housing bubbles by instituting policies aimed at supporting these speculative markets .
A successful economy , Bush argued , requires that people learn to take responsibility for their actions , and policies aimed at boosting home ownership would inculcate this virtue on a broader scale .
The best that can be hoped for are serious joint research and development projects , such as collaboration on carbon capture and sequestration , aimed at demonstrating that both leaders are at least pulling in the same direction in addressing climate change .
The fuel for the air base came mostly from Russia , and the main Pentagon contractor 's local dealers falsely claimed that it was intended for domestic civilian consumption , thereby benefiting from lower import tariffs .
State regulation does continue to exist where seeds are concerned , but nowadays it is aimed at farmers , who are being pushed into dependency on patented , corporate seed .
At the start , the technology for engineering Bt genes into cotton was aimed primarily at controlling pests .
But that renewed Sino-Russian marriage always smacked more of convenience -- aimed as it was at checking American hegemony -- than of true romance .
Thus , the settling of the border dispute with Russia was not aimed so much at building a geopolitical marriage as securing each other 's rear , offering both sides a free hand to explore opportunities elsewhere .
This was the reasoning behind the Polish-Norwegian initiative aimed at addressing the issue of tactical nuclear weapons within the larger arms-control framework that was launched in this past April .
Our NATO allies launched proportionate military operations aimed at denying Col. Muammar Qaddafi 's regime the means to attack civilian targets .
Because of these ideals , he proclaimed , the United States `` remains a beacon of hope for all who dream of liberty and a shining example to the world of what a free people can achieve . ''
Isen and Levin claimed that of the 16 who found a coin , 14 helped the woman , while of the 25 who did not find a coin , only one helped her .
This was not , he claimed , what he meant , and more importantly , `` there is no scientific basis for such a belief . ''
The ten arrested leaders are being held without charges or specific allegations made against them , under a law aimed at members of criminal organizations such as the mafia .
In the newspaper Le Figaro , a section on how to scale back one 's expenses predicted a `` revolution in values '' and claimed that people will put family ahead of work . -LRB- Americans think the French , with their shorter working hours and longer summer vacations , already put family ahead of work . -RRB-
Moreover , as Elie Hassenfeld has argued on GiveWell.net , there are good grounds for thinking that disaster relief is less cost-effective than aid aimed at saving the lives of those who are risk from extreme poverty .
Hwang and his colleagues claimed to have replaced the nucleus of an unfertilized human egg with the nucleus of an ordinary cell taken from another person , developing stem-cell lines from the resulting embryo that matched the DNA of the person who supplied the ordinary cell .
Nevertheless , few researchers doubt that what Hwang and his colleagues claimed to do is , in principle , achievable .
But it is precisely this reasoning that is threatened by what Hwang and his team claimed to have achieved .
Last month , the military forces that this same president commands aimed a missile at a house in Damadola , a Pakistani village near the Afghanistan border .
Iran , of course , repeatedly asserts its commitment to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- , but its past relations with Dr. A. Q. Khan -- the self-proclaimed `` godfather '' of Pakistan 's nuclear-weapons program , and the world 's most notorious nuclear proliferator -- invites skepticism .
Iran may be a self-proclaimed theocracy , but it has conducted foreign relations since the 1979 revolution in a rational , if not always emollient , way .
The IMF , the G7 or a joint US-European body could be the right forum for determining new rules for financial markets aimed at enhancing the efficiency and stability of the world economy .
In Germany , where growth averaged 1.8 % during this period , some journalists proclaimed a new economic miracle .
Paul Krugman , who has aimed massive criticism at Germany 's government , should keep this in mind .
The average interest-rate spread relative to Germany of the countries protected by the new rescue package was 1.08 percentage points on May 7 , when the world was claimed to be going under .
The Stability and Growth Pact , aimed at punishing countries that breach the 3 % - of-GDP deficit limit , was a joke : not a single wayward country was ever punished .
Rather than coming at the expense of the US , as is constantly claimed , it was the renminbi 's low valuation that allowed Americans to dream their American dream of universal homeownership .
That doctrine of hard discipline was abolished in a coup in May 2010 , when it was claimed that the world would collapse unless Germany opened its purse .
Just four years ago , we were enmeshed in a brutal 14-year civil war that claimed 270,000 lives , destroyed the fabric of our communities , and reduced average income by over 80 % .
The departing commander of British forces in Afghanistan , Brigadier Mark Carleton-Smith , has claimed that defeating the Taliban was `` neither feasible nor supportable . ''
Predictably , both parties deny that any serious negotiations took place , while the United States and Britain claimed to know nothing about this `` Saudi initiative . ''
To get to Moldova from Odessa -LRB- now in Ukraine -RRB- one must drive through the self-proclaimed `` republic '' of Transdniestria -LRB- population 700,000 -RRB- , a sliver of land on the north shore of the Dniester river .
Upwardly mobile MPs from the ruling Labor Party claimed the trappings of their newly-acquired middle-class status : second homes , mock-tudor beams , and plasma screen televisions .
By contrast , the rich grandees of the Conservative Party claimed reimbursement for such things as repairs to swimming pool boilers , moat cleaning , and hanging chandeliers .
Legislation or regulation aimed at restoring faith in the political class should be a last , not a first , resort .
It has often been claimed that capitalism rewards the qualities of self-restraint , hard-work , inventiveness , thrift , and prudence .
The pessimists -- mainly Russian historians -- claimed that Russia would find it difficult , if not impossible , to overcome its legacy of autocracy .
Imperialism Reclaimed
And , as I suggested above , all schemes aimed at easing the burden of work and increasing the amount of leisure risk falling victim to our genius for conjuring up new disasters .
In the run-up to the crisis , experts loudly claimed that `` efficient '' financial markets could be safely left to regulate themselves .
Glass-Steagall aimed to prevent commercial banks from gambling with their depositors ' money by mandating the institutional separation of retail and investment banking . The result was 65 years of relative financial stability .
Surprisingly , Gore did not include the Asian tsunami of 2004 , which claimed 225,000 lives .
The economic guru of that era , Milton Friedman , claimed that the deliberate pursuit of full employment was bound to fuel inflation .
Last November , Musharraf effectively declared war on both the bar and the judiciary , dismissing all judges who refused to recognize his declaration of a state of emergency , purportedly aimed at protecting the nation from terrorists .
An example of this is the way the IMF 's Decision on Bilateral Surveillance over Members ' Policies , aimed at identifying fundamental exchange-rate misalignments , was modified to allow greater discretion in surveillance , especially over exchange rates .
Since January 2006 , Moscow has negotiated separate deals with energy companies from Germany , France , Italy , Hungary , Serbia , Slovakia , and Denmark that could undercut Europe 's efforts to build additional pipelines aimed at bypassing Russia 's near monopoly of supplies from Central Asia .
Deeds speak louder than words , and deeds on the transatlantic level have been swift and decisive - for example , joint efforts aimed at choking off terrorist financing - even when we had strong divergences over Iraq .
It is also experiencing a profound economic crisis , which erupted around the same time that the Lisbon Treaty -- aimed at accommodating EU enlargement -- was finally approved .
Far from shaping the contours of a new balanced structure of global governance , the EU has been reduced to taking a series of rearguard positions aimed at tempering its own loss of stature .
The European public has discovered that the 2008-2009 fiscal stimulus programs , which were aimed at forestalling an even greater crisis , generated more debts than jobs .
Google , at least for a short while , seemed to follow different guidelines in its Chinese business , appearing to adhere to its widely proclaimed ethical principle , `` Do n't be evil . ''
Google 's move seemed to reconcile its proclaimed libertarian philosophy with its business ethics .
Indeed , even America 's smaller welfare state seems aimed at the middle class more than at the poor , with the so-called Earned Income Tax Credit being the biggest handout .
In order to preserve their shared domination , they have more or less agreed to a `` Republican Front '' strategy aimed at excluding the National Front in the second round of all elections .
Famously in France 's Ancien Régime , the judges collectively acted as a close-knit , self-contained social class . The French Revolution and the introduction of universal suffrage were aimed as much at ridding France of the corporation of judges as they were at getting rid of the nobility .
Indeed , since September 2001 , the war on terror has claimed more innocent victims than those terrorist attacks .
Bush then claimed that America went to war to liberate Iraq .
That plot , which could have claimed more victims than the 9\/11 attacks , was foiled by the vigilance of the British intelligence authorities . Clearly , it wo n't be the last .
The US economy needs higher productivity , but US corporations , which are operating very profitably , are accumulating cash instead of investing it -- with quantitative easing aimed at heading off deflation .
This makes it arguably too powerful , because WTO rules concerned with trade liberalization trump domestic regulations aimed at other important social values .
Some prominent policymakers and analysts , however , argue that oversight aimed at identifying and stemming systemic risk is futile .
Following the capital injections and Fed programs aimed at supporting the financial system , the stimulus package was an important step , notwithstanding disagreements about its size , effectiveness , and targeting .
The domestic policy focus in Europe has been to cut deficits , with scant attention to reforms or investments aimed at boosting medium-term growth .
Georgia 's current economic collapse provides little incentive for either of these self-proclaimed independent republics to support reunification .
When George Bush was elected , he claimed that tax cuts for the rich would cure all the economy 's ailments .
Moreover , what little action has been taken has been aimed at shoring up the financial system .
For those of us who claimed some connection to the Keynesian tradition , this is a moment of triumph , after having been left in the wilderness , almost shunned , for more than three decades .
And low growth will hurt tax revenues , undermining the proclaimed goal of fiscal consolidation .
That war of choice quickly became very expensive -- orders of magnitude beyond the $ 60 billion claimed at the beginning -- as colossal incompetence met dishonest misrepresentation .
The prescription for what ails the global economy follows directly from the diagnosis : strong government expenditures , aimed at facilitating restructuring , promoting energy conservation , and reducing inequality , and a reform of the global financial system that creates an alternative to the buildup of reserves .
Instead , many fear that what has happened in the past will happen again : secret negotiations , arm twisting , and the display of brute economic power by the US and Europe -- and by special interests in the advanced countries -- aimed at ensuring that the interests of the rich are protected .
Founded at the end of World War II to prevent another major disaster of that kind , the UN has now vastly expanded its mandate beyond peacekeeping , as important as that is . For instance , the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDG -RRB- , adopted at the UN Millennium summit five years ago , proclaimed the international community 's resolve to reduce poverty in all of its manifestations and set concrete goals to be achieved by 2015 .
Enhancing our understanding of globalization 's problems will help us to formulate remedies -- some small , some large -- aimed at both providing symptomatic relief and addressing the underlying causes .
This does not mean imposing rigid inflation targets . But a predictable monetary policy aimed at delivering medium-term price stability -- with a flexible exchange rate where appropriate -- benefits both the private sector and , most importantly , the poor .
And we should explore whether a system of global rules aimed at reducing the volatility of capital flows would be useful .
Now Taiwan has become something of a diplomatic afterthought because it no longer makes trouble . At the US-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue , indeed , Taiwan was barely mentioned , as North Korea , Iran , and the value of the renminbi claimed the most attention .
According to a recent report by the United Nations , The Employment Imperative : Report on the World Social Situation , national policies aimed at counteracting these trends and lowering unemployment have largely failed .
Rent-seeking tends to lead to policy failure in the form of intense political competition aimed at gaining short-term access to revenues and benefits , as opposed to political competition over what policies might be in the long-term public interest .
Another risk in the South Caucasus is that Russia -LRB- with Armenian support -RRB- will recognize Nagorno-Karabakh 's self-proclaimed independence from Azerbaijan .
The British Foreign Office claimed at the time that the Chagos Islands had no settled population .
STRASBOURG -- In the 1990 's , the world averted its eyes to genocide in Rwanda , and to the `` Great Lakes War '' in eastern Congo , which claimed upward of five million lives -- the most in any war since World War II .
Forty-four Huji members were arrested , two of whom claimed to have been sent from South Africa and Pakistan by Osama Bin Laden to distribute money to the extremist madrassas .
But reaching this figure will not be possible -- even if scaled back -- because the government seems unable to curb public spending and because the European Commission will not accept new budgetary subterfuges from Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti aimed at evading the constraints imposed by the Euro-zone 's Growth and Stability Pact .
On the same day , another department of the same Commission presented proposals aimed at curbing visa-waiver programs for some non-European nationals .
Crucially , the Commission 's recent proposals include the creation of `` mobility partnerships '' with Tunisia , Morocco , and Egypt , aimed at facilitating travel for local students and businesspeople .
Cynics might add that even if Aung San Suu Kyi is pardoned , she may yet still be detained on political grounds or face other barriers aimed at preventing her from competing in the elections promised in Myanmar for 2010 .
When Richard Attenborough 's film Gandhi swept the Oscars in 1983 , posters for the film proclaimed that `` Gandhi 's triumph changed the world forever . ''
If economic growth is seen as being dependent on the cost competitiveness of exports , governments will focus on things that might make sense for exporters , but not for their economies as a whole , such as labor-market policies aimed at artificially holding down wage growth , which redistributes income from labor to capital and exacerbates inequality .
Our investments are aimed at the development and support of market economies across the region .
Our investments are aimed at overcoming structural problems that have plagued the region .
For the moment , politics has claimed paramount status .
US policy was -LRB- and remains -RRB- aimed primarily at the `` war on drugs , '' to be fought mainly by Colombians themselves .
The End of the Monroe Doctrine The Monroe Doctrine -- which in 1823 proclaimed all of Latin America to be a zone of exclusive American interest -- is withering away .
Latin America should seize this moment of diplomatic strength to start a new dialogue with the US aimed at renegotiating the terms of the relationship .
In 1919 , the first edition of Democratic Caesarism , by the Venezuelan historian and sociologist Laureano Vallenilla Lanz , was published and widely circulated across the continent . Vallenilla claimed to be seeking an effective -LRB- as opposed to the formal -RRB- constitutional system for his country .
Since 2007 , various laws have been adopted specifically to sanction femicides : in Costa Rica and Chile , such laws are aimed solely at those murders committed by partners or ex-partners , while in Guatemala and El Salvador , murders committed by strangers are included .
And it is women who will be raped , maimed , and killed as the world saw recently in Abidjan , the capital of Côte d'Ivoire , when Gbagbo 's forces massacred seven women during a peaceful protest .
In early October , Putin wrote a newspaper article that proclaimed what appears to be his reigning foreign-policy goal : a Eurasian Union of former Soviet states .
In his much-quoted newspaper piece , Putin denied that his new integration plans are aimed at restoring the Soviet Union under another name .
It is increasingly likely that Saakashvili 's policy is aimed at instigating bloodshed in South Ossetia or Abkhazia and putting all the blame on Russia - a strategy that appears designed to bring the Americans to the region eventually .
The Great Terror of 1937-1938 began with a shooting campaign -- directed chiefly against peasants -- that claimed 386,798 lives across the Soviet Union , a disproportionate number of them in Ukraine .
The Lisbon Strategy owes much to the Austrian economist Joseph Schumpeter , who claimed that profit results from innovation .
Policymakers ' conventional wisdom reflected , therefore , a belief that only interventions aimed at identifying and correcting the very specific imperfections blocking attainment of the nirvana of market equilibrium were legitimate .
These include higher capital ratios for systemically important banks , stricter supervision , limits on trading activity , pre-designated resolution and recovery plans , and taxes aimed not at `` getting our money back , '' but at internalizing externalities -- that is , making those at fault pay the social costs of their behavior -- and creating better incentives .
But countries like Argentina and Brazil fear Chinese retaliation aimed at their commodity exports .
If we believe that economic actors are irrational , then we will enact paternalistic policies aimed at controlling behavior or bailing out failed agents and institutions , which could be self-defeating and even dangerous .
To limit the size of firms to check the concentration of power is a very blunt instrument -- one that highlights the failure of other controls in the democratic process aimed at ensuring that strong lobbies do not end up imposing regulation that is not aligned with social welfare .
This is a compromise aimed at minimizing the incentive to gamble with public insurance while allowing some economies of scale for banking activities .
Third , the new stimulus package is mainly aimed at infrastructure , equipment renovation , and industrial upgrading , which have suffered serious under-investment in the past , especially in China 's central and western regions .
At one level , Asian history has been dominated by rival elites from China , `` Turkestan , '' India , Persia , `` Arabia '' , Japan , and Java -LRB- to name but a few examples -RRB- who claimed to lead separate indigenous cultural entities .
First , it aimed to keep Asia divided insofar as the West was concerned .
Juan Perón proclaimed that he chose to serve as Argentina 's military attaché in Rome in 1937 so that he could study fascism up close .
Others have claimed that Iran 's leaders do not care one way or the other about world opinion .
When , after the First World War , President Woodrow Wilson proclaimed the advent of the so-called New Diplomacy , whereby secrecy and the balance of power would be replaced by open covenants and collective security , many people regarded such things as the dreams of an idealist-preacher . Machtpolitik is indeed alive and well in many parts of the world today .
In response , Premier Wen Jiabao announced a series of measures during the NPC , ranging from phasing out agricultural taxes over the next five years to measures aimed at increasing farmers ' income .
President Álvaro Colom in February claimed that 40 % of the 6,200 murders recorded in 2008 were linked to drug-related violence .
Comments in January that the country was helpless against an ` avalanche ' of drug-trafficking from the north were aimed at securing international support , but do little to inspire confidence in his leadership .
A review in the British Medical Journal -LRB- BMJ -RRB- in April 2004 , claimed that most papers on SSRI trials overstated the evidence for efficacy and understated the risk of harm .
But little of this attention has been aimed at post-secondary science education , the only level for which there is data showing how to make substantial improvements without enormous costs .
We also envisage detailed neighborhood planning aimed at adding more public space .
Three former military attorneys , recognizing this blunt truth , refused to participate in the `` military tribunals '' -- rather , `` show trials '' -- aimed at condemning men whose confessions were elicited through torture .
When the world 's leaders met at the Millennium Summit four years ago , they agreed on a set of goals aimed at cutting global poverty in half by 2015 .
This would be unnecessary if Hong Kong adopted a monetary policy aimed at stabilizing a broad price index like the kind of policy pursued in the US , the euro zone , and most of the world .
Looking back , it is ironic that the Chinese government 's draconian `` one-child '' policy , imposed in 1979 , was implemented at the same time as the `` open door '' policy , aimed at capturing labor-intensive foreign manufacturing investment .
The Bush administration , having proclaimed a war on terror , invaded and occupied countries , and yet failed to see that these events were being linked in the eyes of people in the region .
The demonstrations at Medina show that Saudi Shia are now themselves emboldened . Indeed , they have formed an opposition movement called Khalas -LRB- Salvation -RRB- , aimed at mobilizing the new generation of Shia in the Eastern Province .
With only 18 months left before Obama 's promised draw-down of US forces , Western strategy is clearly aimed at splitting the `` good '' Taliban from `` bad '' Al Qaeda .
Zionism aimed at renewing and deepening an old identity .
Ever since its great military victory in the Six-Day War of 1967 , when it repelled the combined armies of Egypt , Syria , and Jordan , which had openly proclaimed their desire to destroy the Jewish state , Israel has been in the throes of an ideological and military confusion resulting from the conquests it made during that conflict .
As soon as the international community reacted , by adopting United Nations Security Council Resolution 1874 , North Korea quickly shifted to a charm offensive aimed at the United States and South Korea .
The world must develop a more carefully calibrated policy toward North Korea , one aimed at simultaneously implementing denuclearization and economic reform .
But , at the same time , the international community should place greater emphasis on policies aimed at inducing North Korea to launch serious economic reform .
But there is no reason why international efforts to ensure North Korea 's denuclearization must preclude policies aimed at bringing about domestic reform .
Strengthening these two countries ' relations with China would increase the possibility of building a new , peaceful order for Northeast Asia . Indeed , measures aimed at creating a climate of genuine trilateral cooperation are the only effective way to improve regional security .
Spain was among the first countries to introduce a national energy plan aimed at promoting renewable energy sources and reducing greenhouse-gas emissions .
Of course , technology transfer from China and India could be a mere smokescreen for a new `` brown imperialism '' aimed at exploiting African oil , food , and minerals .
The philosopher Josh Greene and his colleagues at Princeton University have shown that personal moral dilemmas -LRB- for example , whether you would directly kill one person to save seven others -RRB- use our emotions rather than higher cognition -- to the chagrin of many philosophers who claimed otherwise .
Market concentration renders mostly illusory the beneficent risk-spreading role that is claimed for derivatives , because the bulk of the risk is borne by very few players .
This increase is aimed at protecting the poorest and most vulnerable from harm , supporting countries that face borrowing problems because of broken credit markets , and helping to sustain investments upon which recovery and long-term development will depend .
