For example , he made alliances with Islamist political forces -LRB- who in 2004 voted for constitutional changes legitimizing his position and actions -RRB- . At the same time , he sidelined moderate , mainstream political leaders while claiming that he stood for `` enlightened moderation . ''
The Warriors of God is one of a handful of radical , al-Qaeda-inspired groups to have appeared in the Gaza Strip in recent months , first coming to public attention in June after claiming responsibility for a failed horseback attack on Israel from Gaza .
So why is the European business community claiming that the `` super Euro '' is bringing calamity down upon their heads ?
On the European side is the temptation to speed the emergence of the Union as an international actor by constantly claiming autonomy or independence from the US .
Nothing , however , prevents smaller groups of member states from aiming at bolder goals through separate agreements , if their mutual trust and similarities encourage them to do it .
One reason for this relative malaise is that Sweden remains the world leader in taxation , with public expenditures claiming nearly 60 % of GDP .
Turkey is thus emerging not as a regional mediator , equidistant from contending local players , but as an assertive , if not aggressive , regional power aiming for hegemony .
Researchers often dismiss questions concerning environmental influences on their experimental data by claiming that such effects `` cancel out , '' because their control animals are housed under the same conditions .
Infosys is redesigning every aspect of how it provides lighting , cooling , water , and transportation to their more than 100,000 employees , and aiming to reduce costs ten-fold in the process .
Reclaiming it would make Asians trendsetters , and make the Asian way of life an example for others to follow .
The Palestinians are attempting to hold the stick at both ends , claiming before the world their endorsement of the two-state solution while calling for the right of return at the same time .
His choice of Abdullah Badawi , the current prime minister , helped UMNO regain the Islamist moral high ground that the PAS had been claiming .
In the year that the Socialists are celebrating the fortieth anniversary of the May 1968 demonstrations against de Gaulle , they are also trying to steal his diplomatic clothes by proclaiming themselves the defenders of the independent French foreign policy that he championed .
In fact , it needs to be part of a more comprehensive effort aiming at empowering and giving civil rights to women - 50 % of the people that live in societies where the practice is carried out .
Industrial policy is appealing to politicians who can favor key constituencies while claiming to be helping the economy as a whole .
In fact , although the central government has the authority to collect the revenues generated by existing fields , there is no law to prevent local officials from modernizing old sites and claiming that they are new .
Yet that is precisely what many people , including his colleagues in the film world -- for example , Pedro Almodovar , Wim Wenders , and Ettore Scola -- are claiming .
Because they settled after 1948 in `` enemy territories , '' such as Jordanian Sheikh Jarrah , they are barred by Israeli law from reclaiming lost property .
After all , there is nothing irrational , or murderous , about claiming that multiculturalism is a flawed ideal , or that Islam conflicts with modern Western European views of gender equality or gay rights , or that mass immigration will cause serious social conflicts .
His opponents have responded by proclaiming their right to self-determination and threatening to boycott the referendum with which he hopes to legalize the reform .
Nevertheless , with both sides claiming the mantle of international law , authoritative legal decisions about these issues might perhaps push the parties to reach a lasting agreement .
Then they made statement after statement claiming that Syria was not Libya , and they would not allow another Western intervention to achieve regime change in another Arab country just because its people seemed upset with the local dictator .
Yet regulators persist in trying to inject themselves into these fields , with antitrust authorities claiming that they are ripe with anti-competitive practices and exercises of `` undue market power '' by the most successful market participants .
Rather than accept its losses , the EPRDF-run government responded with a brutal crackdown , claiming outright victory and accusing the opposition of trying to stage an insurrection .
More frequently , uncertainty leads to someone claiming to know how to eliminate it - frequently through arbitrary powers that benefit but a few .
Moreover , Obama has joined George W. Bush in claiming executive powers that rival those claimed by Charles II of Britain in the seventeenth century .
But the battle to transform the economies of the Middle East -- the only hope of preventing fanaticism from claiming a generation of young unemployed Arabs and Iranians -- is only beginning .
This history is worth reviewing because America is poised for another debate over whether its economy evolves or is designed , with President Barack Obama 's opponents claiming that whatever is good in America 's economy has always evolved with no guidance , and that whatever is bad has been designed by government .
But the rule is that governments should run surpluses and not deficits , so various American presidents ' economic advisers have been advocates of aiming for budget surpluses except in times of slack demand and threatening depression .
That would have preserved the functioning of the system while severely punishing the banking and shadow-banking systems ' equity holders , and today nobody would be claiming that their risk management practices were adequate and did not need reform .
Finally , Barro assumes that higher spending in 2009-2010 will have to be offset by higher taxes later , claiming that `` the timing of future taxes does not matter . ''
We are only claiming what is rightfully ours -- a place in the front row of international relations .
SEATTLE -- The recent pledge of $ 350 million by African leaders and the international community to help the more than 13 million people facing starvation in the Horn of Africa underscores the need for continued attention and funding to prevent this tragedy from claiming and scarring even more lives .
They are making sex slaves of some women , branding some victims like cattle , and maiming and mutilating women and girls , some as young as three years old , by destroying their vaginas and other internal organs .
And he eschewed the search for the single `` big bang '' in favor of aiming for multiple breakthroughs .
In a sense , Russia has behaved like Greece in claiming that NATO enlargement threatens its security .
Nobody is claiming that sovereignty confers immunity ; the shift in the normative consensus is more or less complete .
China 's new five-year plan for economic and social development , to be implemented starting in 2011 , may address the issue in a meaningful way , by aiming for the establishment of a national , universal , and portable social-security system .
Nor is the Fed specifically aiming to lower the dollar 's value .
It is precisely this ambition that sets Iran apart from North Korea : whereas North Korea seeks nuclear weapons capability in order to entrench its own isolation , Iran is aiming for regional dominance and more .
International lawyers commonly confuse the concepts of necessity and proportionality , claiming that both apply in wars of self-defense .
Is there a sensible boundary between sense and nonsense in claiming self-defense ?
The aggressor must do something that all can see as a dangerous threat by , for example , aiming a guided missile at a country and threatening to use it .
For six years , the voices of reason have largely been drowned out , with passions and delusions claiming primacy .
This enabled Lomborg to appeal the verdict , successfully , claiming that the Committee had victimized him for political reasons , given his recent appointment as director of a major national institute for environmental research .
Countries claiming to have reached the limit of what they can do really mean that they have reached the limit of what they can do on their own .
In Russia 's recent parliamentary elections , which were - regardless of various reservations - conducted according to democratic standards , parties advocating political and economic freedom suffered painful defeat , while parties proclaiming hostility to the rule of law and modern pluralist democracy were successful .
Whenever Russia applies pressure , he immediately starts yelling about Moscow 's `` ingratitude '' -- proclaiming that `` 10,000,000 Belarusians protect Russia from NATO 's tanks . ''
The African Union is now aiming at pooling all the continent 's currencies into a single currency by 2028 .
Now , the largest banks are claiming significant increases in non-performing property loans , while the glut of new industrial capacity implies that some firms may not have adequate profits to service their debts .
The bomber was Abdullah Asiri , a Saudi citizen and Al-Qaeda member who had returned from Yemen , claiming to have renounced terrorism and wishing to surrender directly to Prince Muhammad in his palace .
Musharraf defends the military acquisitions , claiming that they are economically efficient , and angrily dismisses criticism as the ranting of unpatriotic Pakistani pseudo-intellectuals .
Until 2000 , the government tended more to rely on the advice of the OSCE , but even since 2001 , it has tried to buttress its position by claiming that it gets along better than ever with the OSCE and its mission .
This month 's elections in Iraq and for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority may be claiming all the world 's headlines , but another potentially far-reaching ballot is also underway , albeit to far less acclaim : the registration process for the municipal elections in Saudi Arabia in mid-February .
Optimists are proclaiming that variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease -LRB- CJD -RRB- , the human form -- always fatal -- of bovine spongiform encephalopathy -LRB- BSE -RRB- , or `` Mad Cow Disease , '' is on the wane .
In the eighteenth century , Voltaire constructed an analogous argument , claiming that religion 's major virtue was its social usefulness .
Microsoft 's critics have complained endlessly about this , claiming that the browser 's integration into the operating system drove out inherently superior software solutions .
It is in times of crisis that Utopian ideas about ways of guaranteeing human happiness flourish , often claiming some scientific basis .
Even US President Franklin Roosevelt jovially slapped his thigh when Reichsbank President Hjalmar Schacht told him that Nazi Germany would default on its external loans , including those owed to American banks , exclaiming , `` Serves the Wall Street bankers right ! ''
As a result , emerging-market countries , aiming to ensure that they avoid needing financial support from the IMF in the foreseeable future , are increasingly following China 's lead and trying to ensure that they , too , run current-account surpluses .
To be sure , no serious people are claiming the full Reagan effect today -- partly because the Congressional Budget Office has kept everyone honest by showing in detail that the tax cuts will increase the deficit by close to $ 900 billion .
In the 1960 's , as its economic takeoff was proceeding , Japan initiated a serious dialogue with regional players , aiming to build stronger relations with countries that it had once conquered and occupied .
I have always been puzzled by the naïveté of analysts , in Russia and abroad , who believed that Putin would never be so bold as to make a mockery of Russia 's electoral system by reclaiming the presidency .
Then you try some more , in a different way , aiming all the while for some small progress that makes the next step possible .
Maintaining the world 's fifth-largest army in a perpetual state of combat readiness is crushingly expensive for one of its poorest countries , with the military budget claiming an estimated one-third of GDP .
There is a precedent for this : when the US closed Subic Bay Naval Base and Clark Air Force Base in the Philippines , the Chinese military immediately stepped up its activity around the Spratly Islands , which are recognized as Filipino territory but which China is claiming vehemently .
Finally , while Europe 's left may be boastfully proclaiming in Katrina 's wake , `` Thank God for our social solidarity , '' there is considerable doubt even about what `` our '' actually means .
Even though they were already resigned to a 25-basis-point rate increase , the politicians made a big show of being opposed to it , aiming to prevent what they really feared and what was certainly more warranted : a 50-basis-point hike and a warning of more on the way .
The Necessity of Universal Health Care The biggest health challenge for Latin America and the Caribbean is n't a single disease or condition , and it wo n't be solved by aiming money at a single risky behavior .
Instead , we should look for smarter policy options , like aiming to ensure that alternative energy technologies at reasonable prices will be available within the next 20-40 years .
Yet studies claiming one meter or more obviously make for better headlines .
That did n't stop the protesters from proclaiming the event a success .
I am looking down on Central Park and recall from half-a-century ago in a small town in Northern Romania a tall , white-haired man proclaiming his poem , `` The Colors Red and Black . '' Gazing over the park , I remember those Stalinist era verses :
But that did not stop some from proclaiming that the triumph of liberal capitalism meant the end of ideological struggle -- and thus of History .
Gbagbo refused to acknowledge the result , claiming vote-rigging , and was declared re-elected by the Constitutional Court , which nullified 600,000 ballots in several northern constituencies .
Today , with the EU eager to play a forceful role on the world stage , a move towards a more open system appears to be inevitable . The EU 's interlocutors in Washington , Beijing , and elsewhere already make it plain that national leaders claiming to speak for Europe lack credibility , as do EU leaders who so evidently have no convincing political mandate .
Former perpetrators often try to de-legitimize their former victims ' moral superiority by claiming they were victims themselves .
But this picture , based on Africa 's most corrupt regimes , is unfair and misleading -- like claiming that all Europeans are guilty of `` ethnic cleansing '' because of what happened in the former Yugoslavia .
Kurds exceeded this number , with 95 % claiming an improvement .
The PAS is aiming for the most unlikely of voters : non-Muslims , who account for 40 % of Malaysia 's population and are increasingly alienated from the UMNO .
In fact , Asians themselves encourage this temptation , with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations -LRB- ASEAN -RRB- openly aiming to become increasingly like the European Union .
It now seems possible that the Union for the Mediterranean -LRB- UfM -RRB- , the mechanism that French President Nicolas Sarkozy set up in 2008 to increase regional cooperation , may actually step up to the challenge of reclaiming the region 's past as the cradle of reason , tolerance , and humanism .
The British minister responsible for the test justified the idea by claiming that `` the simple act of taking one 's turn is one of the things that holds our country together .
Since no such hearings have been held , the Bush administration is effectively claiming that there is no doubt in the case of any detainee .
But this is an inevitable consequence of the Bush administration 's own haughty manner , with leading spokespersons , such as Attorney General John Ashcroft , proclaiming their own righteousness in leading the effort to abrogate rights .
The danger is that scientific decisions with a scientific-technical component are no longer subject to study or rational argument , but instead are fought over by various interest groups , with some invariably claiming that their taxes should be used to fund only research that is compatible with their values .
But ordinary people rejected Kibaki 's power play , reclaiming their nation 's path through the ballot box -- an idea that is still almost unheard of in the Kenyan context .
Mr. Mugabe routinely denounces the MDC as `` the enemy , '' claiming that the party is controlled by the British and American governments , who are allegedly hell-bent on re-colonizing Zimbabwe .
Democracy Promotion Reconsidered Cambridge -- President George W. Bush was famous for proclaiming the promotion of democracy a central focus of American foreign policy .
CAMBRIDGE -- President George W. Bush was famous for proclaiming democracy promotion as a central focus of American foreign policy .
Ollanta Humala opposes compulsory and mass coca eradication , claiming that he would industrialize and export the product to keep it from falling into drug dealers ' hands .
Most Europeans who have been dealing with the issue also assume that Iran is aiming at capacities that would eventually make available all options , including quick development of a nuclear weapon , rather than actually acquiring , let alone testing , a weapon and thereby violating the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
Politically , Ahmadinejad certainly would not miss the chance to exploit unilateral measures for propaganda purposes -- claiming that Iran has a conflict not with the international community , but with imperialist states intent on depriving his country of technological progress .
Nevertheless , while no one is proclaiming , `` mission accomplished , '' it is not true that nothing has been done to reform finance .
The government denied this , claiming that the experiments were conducted without its knowledge by academic researchers `` for scientific interest . ''
Fighting Biopiracy OTTAWA -- In April 1999 Larry Proctor , a United States citizen and owner of a seed company , won a patent at the US Patent and Trademark Office -LRB- USPTO -RRB- , claiming a Mexican yellow bean .
On the one hand , human-rights ideology -- and it is an ideology , every bit as much as Communism was or neo-liberalism is today -- is profoundly legalist , claiming legitimacy from treaties and other international and national instruments .
There remains a possibility that trade negotiators will patch together a last-minute deal in Hong Kong and emerge claiming victory .
Government prosecutors have mounted a series of sham trials , charging hundreds of military officers , academics , and journalists with membership in an armed terrorist organization aiming to topple the Erdo?an government .
Erdo?an has fanned the flames by claiming that he was aware of such coup plans at the time , but that he disregarded them .
Moreover , following recent changes at the World Bank , the US is aiming to follow the classic doctor 's dictum : `` First , do no harm . ''
All in all , the G-20 's policy of aiming for gradual stabilization of growth in government debt , bringing it into line with national-income growth by 2016 , seems a reasonable approach to balancing short-term stimulus against longer-term financial risks , even at the cost of lingering unemployment .
The same mechanism that pours profits into the pockets of global corporations also prevents governments from claiming a larger share of the spoils .
Nevertheless , it is clear that Chávez will continue with his tropical socialism , proclaiming the value of Venezuela 's participatory democracy and insisting on his anti-imperialist creed .
Karl Marx oversold socialism , but he was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self-destruct .
Vice President Dick Cheney reiterated these fears in the run-up to the Iraq War , claiming that Saddam Hussein was building a massive arsenal of weapons of mass destruction to `` take control of a great portion of the world 's energy supplies . ''
Both political parties serve their rich campaign contributors , while proclaiming that they defend the middle class .
Ronald Reagan gained popularity by cutting social benefits for the poor -LRB- claiming that the poor cheated to receive extra payments -RRB- .
In defining competitiveness we are not claiming that one country 's competitiveness means another country 's lack of competitiveness .
If rich countries blame unlucky countries - claiming that they are somehow culturally or politically unfit to benefit from globalization - we will create not only deeper pockets of poverty but also deepening unrest .
Yet I know that he reflects a deep-seated viewpoint , though one far from claiming a majority in Europe .
The MDGs were meant to help international solidarity move from a logic of inputs -LRB- how much aid do we give ? -RRB- to one of outputs -LRB- what concrete impact are we aiming for ? -RRB- .
By aiming for targets that are far out of reach of the poorest countries ' public finances , the international community has agreed to substitute itself for those states in providing essential social services through long-term financial transfers .
It is as if the Nazis were still in power , with the current leaders claiming that Hitler was only 30 % wrong .
After all , senior bankers had been claiming that these assets were `` mispriced , '' and that pricing them at market levels would penalize the banks unnecessarily .
It may not yet be ready to embark on a full-fledged policy of `` containment , '' but in the wake of the dismemberment of Georgia -- and with Russia claiming a zone of `` privileged influence '' throughout the former Soviet world -- China clearly views Russia as an emerging strategic threat .
The commander of the Guantánamo task force , Rear Admiral Harry B. Harris , Jr. , recently defended harsh treatment of his prisoners , claiming , `` They 're all terrorists ; they 're all enemy combatants . ''
Santa Claus Speaks German Santa Claus was a Turkish Dervish who in the middle ages traveled through Central and Northern Europe , giving gifts to children and claiming to be the re-incarnation of Greek St. Nicholas , who preached in the fourth century .
In the US , real-estate prices remain in free fall , and the banking crisis is still claiming new victims -LRB- Bear Stearns , IndyMac , First Heritage Bank , First National Bank of Nevada , First Priority Bank , Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , etc. -RRB- .
Proclaiming a systemic crisis of the euro , Sarkozy seized the opportunity and took Germany by surprise .
By formally proclaiming a systemic euro crisis -- when in fact there was only nervous market reaction concerning a few European countries ' government bonds -- they could invoke Article 122 of the Union Treaty , which was intended to help member countries in the event of natural disasters beyond their control .
It is emblematic of the laxity with which the Stability and Growth Pact was pursued that Greece was able to join the euro through plain fraud , claiming that its deficit ratio was below the 3 % - of-GDP threshold when it was , in fact , far above it .
Although the MPs ' expenses scandal -- parliamentarians claiming reimbursement for dubious expenses -- hit both main parties , the most egregious cases involved wealthy Conservative MPs .
It amounts to claiming that the factors of production will always be fully employed , and that , in Cochrane 's words , `` if the government borrows a dollar from you , that is a dollar that you do not spend , or that you do not lend to a company to spend on new investment . ''
Today 's `` efficient market theory '' restored to economics the assumption of perfect knowledge by claiming that all risks are correctly priced .
Not surprisingly , China accuses it of deliberately aiming to depreciate the dollar .
Entertaining gossip has mutated into an assault on privacy , with newspapers claiming that any attempt to keep them out of people 's bedrooms is an assault on free speech .
You know that a doctrine is in trouble when not even those claiming to defend it understand what it means .
The seven-member Supreme Court , headed by Chief Justice Iftikar Mohammad Chaudhry , countered by issuing an order barring the government from proclaiming emergency rule .
LONDON -- The budget-cutting austerity program of Britain 's new coalition government has been claiming all the headlines , but David Cameron 's cabinet is breaking with its Labor predecessor in another key area as well : human rights .
First , China asserted a `` core interest '' in the South China Sea , effectively claiming its 200-mile `` special economic zone '' throughout the region as territorial waters .
But market fundamentalists are wrong in claiming that eliminating moral hazard is all that is required to put the international financial system on a sound footing .
For its part , the United States has never attempted to give free college for all , and it took a bitter battle just to ensure that America 's poor get access to health care -- a guarantee that the Republican Party is now working hard to repeal , claiming that the country can not afford it .
Why shout that government should not intervene in markets , claiming that markets are efficient , yet intervene in currency markets ?
There is controversy , of course , about the eventual size , with some claiming that as many as one job in two might eventually be outsourced , others contending that the potential is much more limited .
Any candidate claiming to represent the interests of developing countries must distance himself from these policies .
Berlusconi 's center-right coalition won election in 2001 by claiming to be the sole political force capable of launching -- and completing -- an ambitious reform program .
In India , parties on both the left and the right opposed it -- the former claiming that it mortgaged India 's foreign policy to the US , and the latter arguing that it did n't go far enough to preserve India 's nuclear independence .
Protests have been mounted by slum-dwellers against the movie 's title : the term `` slumdog , '' coined by the screenwriter , has given great offense , with demonstrators holding up postcards declaiming , `` We are not dogs . ''
When India began the Narmada Dam project , aiming to bring irrigation , drinking water , and power to millions , it spent 34 years -LRB- so far -RRB- fighting environmental groups , human rights activists , and advocates for the displaced all the way to the Supreme Court , while still being thwarted in the streets by protesters .
SeverStal was rejected in favor of Mittal Steel , with some commentators claiming that the decision was taken on political grounds .
More and more people are claiming that markets are characterized by irrationality , bubbles , fads , and frenzies , and that economic actors are driven by behavioral biases .
If we adopt the parlance employed by al-Qaeda while at the same time proclaiming our intention to communicate with the whole Muslim world , we run the risk of reinforcing al-Qaeda 's message .
Europe , in their view , was always a way of reclaiming world influence .
That is why they have tried to obtain political support against the nuclear ambitions of Iran , which periodically threatens Israel , at times proclaiming its desire to wipe it off the face of the earth .
How high the percentage should be before claiming over-diagnosis is a significant problem and a value judgment .
