One can understand why religious extremists like Al-Qaeda and Taliban would target her , and the government claims that it is impossible to defend against a suicide attack .
Despite frequent claims to the contrary , the fundamental problem in the Middle East is not intervention by the West .
Created in 2002 as a partnership between governments and civil society , the Global Fund is unique in the way it aims to deliver assistance .
It has signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , and is developing a nuclear program that it claims is for civilian purposes only .
Elected in 1996 , after a campaign marked by strong claims of religious revival , the Welfare Party 's Necmettin Erbakan made a conspicuous point of making his first official visits to Iran , Libya , Indonesia and Malaysia .
Putin and his entourage `` tightened the screws '' on Russia 's people over the past decade , and faced almost no resistance to their claims to unchecked power .
What due diligence was conducted to ensure that the money it received to fund the prize was not actually stolen from the very Africans whose interests UNESCO claims to champion ?
The ESDP takes into account the larger European policy , and aims to provide assistance in planning , training , and logistical support to missions and forces created by African states or groups of states .
What the EU aims at is not a duplication of NATO structures or an alternative to the Atlantic Alliance .
When even the Foreign Minister of Britain , a country happy with its centuries-old `` unwritten constitution , '' claims himself eager to have a written European Constitution , something truly has changed !
Gazprom 's co-optation of Europe has been achieved mainly through Germany , where its partnerships with energy companies and banks have helped align the authorities with Russian aims .
Any fund manager who claims to have been deluded by the apparently favorable risk-yield characteristics of CMOs or related credit instruments can be accused of having fallen for Milton Friedman 's `` free lunch . ''
Sixty-seven tax-evasion cases and 43 smuggling cases , with claims totaling more than 26 billion pesos and 58 billion pesos , respectively , have been filed against groups and individuals .
Moreover , rival Sino-Japanese claims to the Senkaku -LRB- or Diao Yutai -RRB- Islands resurfaced last year when the Japanese government leased three islets in the chain from private parties .
The world 's business press has roundly condemned the authorities ' behavior , especially the impounding of Yukos shares worth many times more than possible state claims , which smacks of expropriation .
After five years of an average annual economic growth of 9 % , economic claims are strikingly absent , as are all socialist and even social demands .
The regime claims that it is part of the ` resistance ' with its senior partner Iran .
Anyone who now claims that the 1948 Palestinian refugees have a claim , in principle , to return to Israel , must confront the question : should the millions of Germans expelled from Eastern Europe after 1945 also have the same right of return to their lost homes ?
One reason Greek Cypriots rejected last April UN Secretary General Kofi Annan 's plan for the reunification of Cyprus was that an overwhelming majority of them felt it did not do justice to the claims of refugees displaced during the 1974 Turkish invasion .
The Greek Cypriot community can justly be proud of the way they handled the humanitarian and social problems of the refugees , without at any point surrendering their claims to the lands they lost .
These leaders would do better to look across the Mediterranean at Cyprus and see how - without giving up claims to disputed land - refugees can live in dignity and honor .
This is the exact opposite of a genuine `` zero conflict '' policy that aims to minimize tensions and enhance stability .
That is the question that the European Court of Human Rights -LRB- ECHR -RRB- faces this week as its Grand Chamber , consisting of 17 judges , begins considering an appeal of an initial ruling that rejected claims of discrimination against the Roma by the Czech Republic 's education authorities .
The Treaty introduces major improvements here , enabling us to work together more effectively to achieve our aims .
The areas populated by Tibetans cover a quarter of China ; to have such a large part of the country 's territory under military control and cut off from the outside world weakens the Communist Party 's claims to legitimacy and world power status .
To the extent that the value of these assets would not have been sufficient to cover all of the derivative creditors ' claims , they would have had to bear some losses .
The insurance subsidiaries were not responsible for the obligations of their parent company , and their claims toward policyholders were backed by required reserves .
In any event , concerns about insurance policyholders should have led , at most , to a governmental commitment to back their claims if necessary .
According to the National Bank of Russia , foreign banks withdrew more than $ 10 billion in that country in September alone . Other central banks make similar claims .
But there is another interpretation of Confucianism -- let 's call it `` left Confucianism '' -- that stresses intellectuals ' obligation to criticize bad policies , obliges governments to provide for the people 's material well-being and support those without key family relations , and calls for governments to adopt a more international-minded outlook and to rely on moral power rather than military might to pursue political aims .
This Confucian tradition aims to influence contemporary politics , but it also remains separate from state power and orthodoxy , always ready to point to the gap between ideals and reality .
Here , indeed , is the central point : the need to move away from mythological , mutually exclusive rights of existence , conflicting historical narratives , and religious claims of ownership .
A loose and somewhat confused project , the Alliance of Civilizations aims to heal the wounds of conflict between Islam and the West through education , viable integration policies , and a better-informed dialogue with the media .
Across-the-board nuclear equality can , in the end , only boost to Iran 's nuclear claims .
For Netanyahu , creation of a Palestinian state means the end of conflict and the finality of claims .
The Capability Development Plan , which the EDA is developing in close collaboration with the EU Military Committee , aims to foster and improve solidarity in terms of capability , which is what Europe needs .
The new property law wo n't be the breakthrough for rights protection that the government claims it is until it is matched by increased access to justice for ordinary citizens .
Even if one religious tradition still claims a majority of a population as its nominal adherents , individuals can still choose to disaffiliate from the institution representing that tradition -LRB- as in the Catholic majority countries of Europe -RRB- .
Engagement means that the tradition is carried into the open discourse of the culture , and that those who represent the tradition make unapologetic truth claims .
The crisis has also tested ideas about the ultimate aims of transition . It confirmed the view that the transition from communism is about much more than building markets and shifting economic responsibilities from the state to the private sector .
Bringing the Baltic states into Nato , Russia claims , would severely compromise its security -LRB- for that read Russian self-esteem -RRB- .
Once the US claims the right of redefining or dismissing international treaties as it pleases , it can scarcely blame others if they do so as well .
Under the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- of which Iran is still a member , countries are entitled to engage in enriching uranium for civilian purposes , and Iran claims that this is all it wants .
One of the most devastating global health challenges on the planet is malaria , which claims more than 800,000 lives annually , primarily among young African children .
Take pension reform , which aims to reduce the scope of state-run , pay-as-you-go systems and expand private , fully funded schemes .
Indeed , the Paper is a hodgepodge of illogic and half-baked ideas that aims at `` launching a public debate '' on the issue , `` choosing a bottom-up , rather than a top-down approach . ''
A mother of four children who proclaims to believe in traditional family values , she is attractive to right-wing voters , while her non-matrimonial relationship with Hollande makes her seem a quintessentially modern woman .
However , given current European and American law , these claims require a novel legal underpinning in order to be valid and enforceable .
The United Nations Security Council 's recent decision to tighten existing sanctions on Iran by prohibiting dealings with 15 individuals and 13 organizations aims at precisely that .
The parliamentary authorization itself is carefully worded to underline Turkey 's limited aims . It stresses that Turkey 's military has no intention of occupying Iraqi territory or threatening Iraqi Kurds or their oil infrastructure .
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt claims that Shiites are `` always loyal to Iran , '' while King Abdullah of Jordan has coined the axiom about a rising `` Shiite crescent . ''
He blocked the sale of regional energy companies , for example , because he claims that their privatization will threaten Ukraine 's `` national security , '' though it is corrupt and incompetent state management of these companies that is threatening Ukraine 's security by making it vulnerable to energy cut-offs .
But realizing these aims requires cooperation from the government in Khartoum , whereas each of the proposed measures would only heighten tensions or prove useless .
Against the authoritarian and hierarchical structures of the regime , we raised a decentralized institution , a huge organism striving to achieve consensus about its aims and the methods of action .
The Pakhtun-led insurgency aims at expelling foreign troops and restoring Pakhtun dominance .
The notion of `` Asian values , '' promoted mostly by Singaporean official scribes , was partly a critique of universalist Western claims .
But promoting these aims without discussion , let alone criticism , resulted in a backlash .
The Chinese government claims that Tibetans are happy .
The DPJ 's aims are excellent : more authority to elected politicians , less bureaucratic meddling , more independence from the US , better relations with Asian neighbors , more power to voters and less to big business , and so on . Whether Hatoyama and his colleagues have the wherewithal to achieve these aims remains an open question .
If the US is as serious about promoting freedom abroad as it claims , it should not be hindering one of its closest ally 's efforts to strengthen its democracy .
Palestinians who might wish to make similar claims on properties in West Jerusalem can not do so .
This implies that Jews can push farther and farther into East Jerusalem , as well as build settlements on Palestinian territories around the city , which Israel now claims to be part of Jerusalem .
The ultimate aim , it appears , is to make Jerusalem Jewish , by purchase , by invoking historical claims , and , if necessary , by force .
There are no doubt some among the demonstrators who would like Obama to be more strident in his support of their aims .
As a non-believer , I am bound to treat such claims with skepticism . But the moral power of religious faith does not need a supernatural explanation .
These claims began to be made by respectable conservatives , and even some social democrats , in the 1990 's .
Since health care costs for those over 65 are approximately four times higher than for those under 65 , aging societies place massive claims on medical resources .
For this reason alone , no trust should be placed in claims of eradication of diseases like polio .
The conflict is not , as the government claims , between the people and a few oligarchs .
Friedman 's voice was a skeptical breath of fresh air at a time when the reigning viewpoint was a kind of smug pseudo-socialism that did not recognize the astounding power of markets to accomplish desirable aims .
When Chávez declares `` moribund '' a legitimate constitution , or when he proclaims l'état c'est moi by declaring a national holiday to commemorate his 10 years in power , we see eloquent examples of a homemade institutional farce that would doom any country to the ninth circle of misery .
But Serbia claims that the province remains an essential part of its historical and cultural tradition .
The Revolution Reborn MEXICO CITY -- In El Salvador , for the first time ever in Latin America , a former political-military organization that tried to gain power through the barrel of a gun has achieved its aims through the ballot box .
President Daniel Ortega is seeking to remain in office more or less perpetually , and seems ready to perpetrate every type of stratagem , from electoral fraud to dissolving Congress and the judiciary , in order to achieve his aims .
His chief goal -- obtaining a permanent seat for Brazil on the United Nations Security Council -- is more distant than ever , and his more modest aims have not met with greater success .
But , as Latin America 's left claims more governments -- today in Brazil , Chile , Venezuela , Uruguay , and partly Argentina , and perhaps Mexico , Bolivia , and Nicaragua in the near future -- there is no reason why it should be immune from the region 's eternal ills .
The government claims extensive support , but opinion polls consistently show that an overwhelming majority of Hong Kong 's people oppose the legislation .
Governments across Asia are concerned that China 's rapidly accumulating power is emboldening it to assert territorial and maritime claims against neighbors stretching from Japan to India .
Even against tiny Bhutan , China has stepped up its lands claims through military incursions .
Several developments this year underscore China 's more muscular foreign policy , from its inclusion of the South China Sea in its `` core '' national interests -- a move that makes its claims to the disputed Spratly Islands non-negotiable -- to its reference to the Yellow Sea as a sort of exclusive Chinese military-operations zone .
China also has become more insistent in pressing its territorial claims both to India 's northeastern Arunachal Pradesh state and to the Japanese-controlled Senkaku Islands , with Chinese warships making more frequent forays into Japanese waters .
Against that background , China 's increasingly assertive territorial and maritime claims threaten Asian peace and stability .
Today , whether it is Arunachal Pradesh or Taiwan or the Senkaku Islands or even the Spratlys , China is dangling the threat of force to assert its claims .
On a host of issues , including its territorial claims in the South China Sea and against Japan and India , China spent 2010 staking out a more muscular position .
The US has chartered a course of tacit neutrality on the Arunachal Pradesh issue -- to the delight of China , which aims to leave an international question mark hanging over the legitimacy of India 's control of the Himalayan territory , which is almost three times as large as Taiwan .
For example , China 's expanding naval role and maritime claims threaten to collide with US interests , including America 's traditional emphasis on freedom of the seas .
The NCP has a history of dividing and manipulating groups to achieve its aims , and it regularly ignores its commitments .
Entering NATO marks a formal acknowledgement that Romania -LRB- or Bulgaria , or Hungary , or Poland for that matter -RRB- is surrendering its claims to unlimited sovereignty , and to all the dreams of grandeur that go with it .
There is a need , however , for a healthy skepticism towards the claims of a meritocracy based on academic achievement alone .
The Iraq Body Count aims to tally only deaths from violence during the current war by creating a data set based on media reports .
Publicly , each claims legitimacy by offering to the wider society dynamic programs of modernization , liberalization and competent economic management ; privately they promise their friends that they will promote sectoral interests and preserve social privileges .
In Britain , Tony Blair 's government claims to be `` New Labor '' .
They hope to perpetuate their influence by asserting claims of national sovereignty .
Perhaps the single most important domestic question Brown faces concerns where he stands on the balance between the free market and the claims of social policy .
Public concern about this issue has been made much worse by claims that the rich get even richer by paying little tax .
This `` closeness '' has led the police to investigate claims that some Labor Party donors have been rewarded with political honors .
If willing buyers and willing sellers were trading claims happily , then , as long as they were `` professional '' investors , there was no legitimate reason to interfere in their markets .
Like Bacon , we value utility because it seems to lend credibility to the claims that science makes about the nature of the world -- science is true because it works . But , at the same time , we wo n't allow science to be reduced to practical utility , because that would destroy its intellectual status , as well as the intellectual status of scientists themselves , and would prevent science from giving explanations .
The SCO promotes free trade , too , and aims to build essential infrastructure such as roads and railways to link its members and boost commerce between them while also harmonizing customs systems and tariffs .
China , for example , seeks markets for its products and further energy resources , while Russia aims to use the SCO to promote its anti-Western agenda .
Trade unions agreed to moderate wage claims and abandon wage indexation , in exchange for reduced working time and improved prospects for the future .
Consider the claims -- rampant nowadays in the US -- that further government attempts to alleviate unemployment will fail , because America 's current high unemployment is `` structural '' : a failure of economic calculation has left the country with the wrong productive resources to satisfy household and business demand .
Or consider the claims -- also rampant these days -- that further government attempts to increase demand , whether through monetary policy to alleviate a liquidity squeeze , banking policy to increase risk tolerance , or fiscal policy to provide a much-needed savings vehicle , will similarly fail .
The past two generations have witnessed the rise of independent central banks whose monetary policy , largely insulated from partisan politics , aims for the maximum possible employment and purchasing power consistent with price stability .
Nominal bonds are not well hedged against inflation , and , over the long run , assets that are claims to cash without effective control are highly vulnerable to financial vultures .
Such claims were as wrong then as they are now .
So Barro is simply wrong when he claims that although the stimulus boosts employment now , amortizing the stimulus must inevitably reduce employment at some point in the future .
Now , fully aware of Obama 's claims for a presidency that will be about the future , Asians are eager to hear about his vision of the Asia-Pacific region and how the US will deal with Asia 's giants -- China and India -- while maintaining strong connections to Japan .
Myriad Genetics also has tried to pursue patent rights in Europe , but there its claims have been largely rejected .
Indeed , extrapolations of global supply that foresee an increase in uranium mining are based on claims about the ability to expand output in Kazakhstan .
While he claims to be pro-Western , he prefers that extraditions of indicted Serb war criminals to the Hague conform to Serbian law .
And in a case brought by fourteen foreign nationals , the court cast aside the government 's argument that because the U.S. Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay is nominally under Cuban sovereignty , American courts lack jurisdiction to entertain legal claims brought by persons who had no say in where the U.S. military chose to detain them .
For each study that finds a significant connection between speculative trading and market volatility , there is at least one that claims the contrary .
The French authorities have now taken this approach a step further with the creation of a Fonds stratégique d'investissement -LRB- FSI -RRB- , which aims to protect domestic capital from the predatory designs of foreign investors .
If China is serious about elevating the SDR to reserve-currency status , it should take steps to create a liquid market in SDR claims .
Of course , an earlier attempt was made to create a commercial market in SDR-denominated claims .
The Fund could stand ready to buy and sell SDR claims to all comers , private as well as official , at narrow bid\/ask spreads competitive with those for dollars .
Macedonia at one point agreed to design a new flag and remove the symbols , as well as to amend its constitution to clarify that it had no territorial claims on Greece , but it flatly refused to live under one of the tongue-twisting names suggested by its bigger neighbor .
There were always exaggerated claims that bringing in the new members would be a costly affair , just as petty and narrow prejudices blemished the willingness to open up Europe 's borders for `` Polish plumbers . ''
The lesson was clear : `` we achieve our aims by defending our values and leading the forces of freedom . ''
Blogger Peter Guo claims that Twitter got him out of jail .
Now Putin claims credit for making Russia the world 's leading producer , ahead of Saudi Arabia .
Although he claims that he will not leave politics completely , he now looks like just another oligarch who must choose between capitulation , emigration , and imprisonment .
Israel claims its actions in Gaza and Lebanon are designed to safeguard its own security .
Hezbollah , which claims it is fighting for Lebanese independence and sovereignty , also bears responsibility for unacceptable aggression , placing the lives of innocent Israelis and Lebanese at stake .
As long as the US has a current account deficit , the stock of foreign-owned claims on the US economy must rise .
CAMBRIDGE -- American economic policy aims for a dollar that is strong at home and competitive abroad .
Although the United States does not have a formal inflation target , financial markets understand that the Fed aims for an inflation rate close to 2 % .
What sets the new populism apart are these claims to liberal virtues .
But Putin is making a big mistake here , because all these aims are unacceptable for the West , and the Kremlin still does n't seem to understand that the best and most effective guarantee of NATO 's existence was , is , and will continue to be an aggressive Russian foreign policy .
How can these far-reaching aims be achieved within the eurozone -LRB- together with non-eurozone EU members that want to join in -RRB- ?
If the threat of force -- a force that the US is quite obviously building -- aims at preparing the ground for serious negotiations with Iran , there can and should be no objection .
But claims of `` self-defense '' also find less reputable invocations .
Lawyers must seek this distinction , for if we surrender to the rhetorical claims of statesmen and paranoids , the line between aggression and self-defense will disappear .
The better way to make sense of self-defense is to invoke two principles that underlie legal claims of justification in both domestic and international law .
If we look back at irrational claims of individual self-defense -- McVeigh , Amir , and others -- we see that their fears were based on private evidence not shared by more than a small circle of friends and co-conspirators , at most .
Soon , he set out to build `` a systematic mathematical biology , similar in its structure and aims to mathematical physics . ''
The net effect could be a new disciplinary culture that transforms the aims , methods , and epistemological basis of research .
This is the goal of the Structural Genomic Variation Consortium 's Copy Number Variation Project , which aims at providing researchers the most comprehensive list and characterization of CNVs in humans .
Libya Calling VALLETTA , MALTA -- The recent signing in Tripoli of `` a comprehensive claims settlement '' between the United States and Libya marks a new beginning not only in US-Libya relations , but between Libya and the rest of the world .
What originally entitled a university to corporate status under Roman law was its pursuit of aims that transcend the personal interests of any of its current members .
Wikipedia embodies a democratic medievalism that does not respect claims to personal expertise in the absence of verifiable sources .
Never mind that by the second half of 2003 , it had become obvious that the government intended to use legal means -- in the form of massive tax claims -- to destroy the company .
More and more tax claims are being produced , and not only against Yukos .
Tax claims against the telecommunications company Vympelkom -LRB- one of Russia 's leading firms , and the first to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 90 years -RRB- send an unambiguous signal to investors : no one is safe .
The good news , then , is that there are far fewer people who seriously want to see a fascist regime in Russia than the government claims .
Patients ' informed consent usually does not provide a clear description of a non-inferiority trial , and the lack of added value indicates that in many cases the development of a new drug is driven by commercial aims rather than patients ' needs .
Muslim-majority Indonesia lost its Catholic-majority East Timor through Western political intervention , but its claims to East Timor were tenuous , as it only invaded the island a few decades ago .
Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov does not even bother to hide his skepticism about the necessity of such a reorientation . `` In my view , '' he proclaims , `` it is still premature to speak of the specific content of changes to Russia 's defense priorities and to the functions and tasks of its armed forces in connection with the threat of international terrorism . ''
Amos Oz , one of Israel 's best known writers , claims that the current Palestinian-Israeli war is actually two wars : an `` unjust '' war against Israel and the Jews to establish a fundamentalist Islamic state in an `` Arab Palestine , '' and the Palestinian people 's `` just '' war for an independent state worthy of the name .
Claims that they lack the needed resources ring hollow , as trillions of dollars were found to bail out banks in the financial crisis .
The massive tax claims against Yukos used for this purpose were precisely that -- the means rather than the end .
In return for offering the exchange against a haircut , the EMF would acquire the claims against the defaulting country , which would then receive any additional funds from the EMF only for specific purposes that the EMF approves .
It is possible that at some point the Arabs will agree among themselves that the creation of a Palestinian state that claims to be committed to peaceful coexistence with Israel will be a useful tactic .
Private health insurance has proved enormously wasteful , with large administrative expenditures on activities that include developing insurance packages , marketing those packages , and assessing claims .
Both countries should commit themselves to a diplomatic resolution of competing claims to offshore resources .
What is certain today is that the common European vision of a movement toward centrist politicians , like former French President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing , and political theorists ' claims that the emergence of large middle classes leads to centrist , non-ideological politics , is not valid in times of crisis , when extremist traditions re-surface .
Yet , as a citizen of a European postcommunist country , I must admit that when I listen to the mantra-like claims about our Western affiliation , the Western direction of our policies , and the obligation of Western organizations , such as NATO and the EU , to offer us speedy admission , I often feel somewhat uncomfortable . There is an implied tone underlying this rhetoric that I find disturbing .
These charges need to be investigated if President Medvedev 's claims to want a society based on the rule of law are not to ring hollow .
Meanwhile , the administration of President Yanukovych proclaims its willingness to join the EU , but has failed to introduce the changes needed to meet the qualifying criteria .
For Pakistan 's General Pervez Musharaf , Mohammed 's apprehension is a mixed bag : it gained a pat on the back from Mr. Bush but simultaneously revealed the falsity of General Musharaf 's claims that Pakistan is largely Al-Qaida free .
The Flour Fortification Initiative aims to fortify 70 % of roller mill wheat flour with iron and folic acid by the end of 2008 .
Production of steel , cement , chemicals , paper , and aluminum alone account for nearly half of China 's energy needs and generate nearly half of the air pollution that claims over 300,000 lives and costs the economy close to $ 100 billion each year .
News broadcasts covered his continued insistence that he did not forge his ticket , along with the lottery center 's claims that their rejection of the ticket was legitimate .
The vast majority of these initial research claims would yield only spurious findings .
Like Japan in the 1980 's , China must defend itself from US claims that the renminbi 's weakness is the source of the imbalances between the two countries .
If Obama wants to encourage moderate and democratic politics in South America , and to bolster Brazil 's efforts to foster stability and economic progress against the region 's radical and undemocratic forces , it must take greater care in not appearing to undermine those the US claims to support .
The first type aims at an institutional reordering , so that inefficiencies and perverse incentives are removed , and the economy functions more smoothly and efficiently .
Conventional wisdom claims that incumbent parties and politicians are punished by voters in times of economic distress . Throughout the campaign there was never any doubt about the position or tpopularity of Chancellor Angela Merkel .
The finance minister claims that there is no `` structural inflation . ''
Its strong point is that it aims to be there in the future , while a company with a more flexible ownership structure may more easily disappear .
During World War II , Britain took advantage of this , and Argentina , Egypt , and India , in particular , built up huge claims on sterling , although it was an unattractive currency .
China 's critics argue that its claims to a peaceful rise are not credible , given the country 's non-democratic , one-party system .
The trick was to offer banks the opportunity to swap their claims on -LRB- insolvent -RRB- Latin American countries into long-maturity , low-coupon bonds that were collateralized with US Treasuries .
Many of McNamara 's critics assert -- rightly , I think -- that he stopped short of full understanding , that he sought to hold fast to claims of noble intentions that the record could not sustain .
Going on to accuse Soros of creating a shadow government in the US , the show claims that this `` greatly resembles '' similar organizations that `` he has created in other countries '' supposedly `` before instigating a coup . ''
Experts would remind us that Kazakhstan had never been a country , and that Ukrainian claims to independence are historically dubious .
Each claims to be acting with the Supreme Leader 's full authority , but ultimately are unable to make commitments because they have little idea of what Khamenei wants to do .
Of course , images that recall Hitler 's goose-stepping storm troopers are the last thing that China 's leaders have in mind for their Olympics ; after all , official Chinese nationalism proclaims the country 's `` peaceful rise '' within an idyll of `` harmonious development . ''
In today 's supposedly free and democratic Russia , however , Solzhenitsyn is idealized for his nationalism and Orthodox messianism , his contempt for the West 's supposed decadence , all messages that Putin 's regime proclaims loudly and daily .
The Millennium Village Project , a partnership of academia , business , and UN agencies , aims to show how these goals can be achieved in even the poorest communities in the world .
Nchama 's appointment represents a clear break with the past , and he claims he will be the man to shake things up .
Tension between Japan and China -- which claims the islands -- immediately soared .
Because North Korea does not repay loans , it can not borrow money ; because it reneges on deals , it drives away potential partners ; and , because it aims for autarky , it can not specialize or exploit its comparative advantages .
From its refusal to condemn North Korea 's unprovoked sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan and shelling of South Korean islands , to its claims of sovereignty over various Japanese , Vietnamese , Malay , and Filipino archipelagos and newly conjured claims on India 's province of Arunachal Pradesh , China has revealed a neo-imperial swagger .
The South China Sea , for example , is now churning with competing claims to its islands , atolls , and sea bed , including China 's bold assertion that all of it is Chinese sovereign territory .
But the scope of Chinese claims doomed that agreement from the start ; indeed , China now insists that the sea constitutes a core national interest , on a level with Taiwan and Tibet , for which it is prepared to fight .
China claims that it is entitled to play a role in setting the rules that govern the international system .
Rejecting this , Clinton proposed that the US help establish an international mechanism to mediate the overlapping claims of sovereignty between China , Taiwan , the Philippines , Vietnam , Indonesia , and Malaysia that now exist in the South China Sea .
Unless China demonstrates that it can reach peaceful accommodations in its sovereignty disputes with its neighbors , its claims to a `` peaceful rise '' will appear unconvincing not only in Washington , but in capitals across Asia .
And Europe can not hope to achieve its aims with technical programs alone .
`` The EU is on autopilot , in stalemate , in deep crisis , '' claims Joschka Fischer , the former German foreign minister and an important voice in Europe .
The Myth of Decoupling PALO ALTO , CALIF. &#45; &#45; The fact that America 's economy is slowing is bad news for Europeans , regardless of claims that Europe 's economy has successfully decoupled itself from the United States .
Trichet even had to rescind the rate hike he had signaled for September , though he still claims the increase has been merely postponed , not abandoned .
And why should n't they if things are as good as Trichet claims ?
In fact , Israel persistently conflates self-defense and deterrence , while employing collective punishment to advance its strategic aims .
Israeli officials ' claims that barring the movement of people and goods is required for security reasons do not withstand scrutiny .
The idea , a new one , aims at getting the Israelis and Palestinians to agree to the borders of the Palestinian state that both sides and the rest of the world have said is the way out of the decades-old conflict .
In Fayyad 's vision , Palestinians , who bear the brunt of the occupation and are in a greater hurry than the Israelis are to be free of it , are to accept a peace strategy that aims at realizing statehood .
Clumsy and amateurish , the dilettante 's actions harm the interests he aims to advance .
Indeed , Putin openly claims this part of Ukraine as a Russian `` internal matter . ''
Although he claims to oppose economic liberalism , he is a product of the political liberties that it promotes and feeds on the benefits generated by the market economy .
In the face of his growing problems , Morales has resorted to two tactics that successfully diverted public opinion in the past : conflict with Chile over landlocked Bolivia 's claims to Chilean territory that would give it an outlet to the sea , and a new electoral campaign , this time for judges .
By contrast , two years after the French and Dutch No votes , there is no sign of a Plan B , despite the claims of the French politicians who helped mobilize the No vote .
But this dominance is waning , as evidenced by its declining use as an official reserve currency , as well as for invoicing goods and services , denominating international claims , and anchoring exchange rates .
Because Russia claims the status of a world power , it is expected to show restraint and responsibility .
Gore also frets about the future of polar bears . He claims they are drowning as their icy habitat disappears .
Obama 's plan would reduce emissions by 80 % below 1990 levels by 2050 , while McCain aims to ensure that emissions are 60 % lower by then .
Hurricanes were the stock image of Al Gore 's famous film on climate change , and certainly the United States was battered in 2004 and 2005 , leading to wild claims of ever stronger and costlier storms in the future .
Sooty pollution from indoor fires claims several million lives each year , so reducing black carbon would be a life-saver .
Hezbollah is under order by the UN Security Council to disarm and disband its militia , but it claimed that even after Israel 's full withdrawal from Lebanon in 2000 , it needed its weapons to continue to liberate `` Lebanese territory . '' That refers to a tiny fragment of land , the so-called Sheba farms , declared by UN inspectors to be in Israel , but which Hezbollah claims as part of Lebanon .
China aims to lower its energy consumption per unit of GDP by 20 % relative to 2005 levels by 2010 .
Going further , the managing director of one newspaper claims that delaying political and constitutional reform as if it were a grant to citizens -- rather than their right -- would invite outside intervention in Egypt 's domestic affairs .
Arab democracy , he claims , has now become a domestic concern in the United States , which will make it hard for American presidents to sweep the abuses of friendly Arab regimes under the rug , as they did in the past .
But one player is missing : Emile Lahoud , who claims Lebanon 's presidency as his by right of Syrian power .
The Ungreening of the World Everyone I meet claims to love trees &#45; &#45; I mean really love trees &#45; &#45; yet collectively the human race behaves as if it abhors green things .
The process of collecting and verifying claims is time-consuming , and the net benefit for taxpayers is low .
The bulk of claims for the subsidy come from northern Italy , which is usually considered less prone to tax evasion to begin with .
While some cases of illegitimate claims are under investigation , there is no black market for receipts ; fraud seems to arise mainly through falsified invoices .
It is customary to link Africa 's failures to slavery and colonization , and no one can deny such claims .
The G-7 action plan aims to restore the flow of credit by securing interbank lending , and coordinated central bank actions have provided unprecedented levels of liquidity to the market .
Claims of prior inability to remember imply that they had attempted unsuccessfully to recall their abuse , only to remember it much later .
In the long run , the anti-depressant crisis thus may prove to be a blessing in disguise , but only if it brings about the transparency and intellectual honesty needed to make the medical profession ultimately accountable to the people it claims to serve .
The EU is putting together an energy and environment strategy that aims to end the self-defeating competition within Europe for oil and gas , while also establishing Europe as global leader in the effort to halt climate change .
The CAP consumes about half of the Union 's budget -- an unimpressive symbol for a community that aims to become a player in world politics .
Government is responsible for delivering services , but it is up to civil society to be vigilant and ensure that officials work toward these aims .
This would pay for the residual costs of a large institution 's failure after its capital has fallen to zero and , presumably , creditors ' claims have been wiped out -LRB- though some proposals are ambiguous , leaving room for at least some relief for creditors -RRB- .
Royal openly claims Mitterand 's legacy as she searches for legitimacy , while Sarkozy 's rejection of Chirac 's legacy has more to do with form than substance .
While Sarkozy claims that Europe is his priority , his methods seem to contradict his intentions .
Sarkozy misjudged the balance of power between France and China , and France came out of that diplomatic episode badly bruised , with its president swallowing his human rights claims and bending to the diktat of realpolitik .
The same can not be said of Sarkozy , despite his claims to the contrary .
Over and above these considerable advances , the treaty aims to make the EU more democratic .
This renewed sense of belonging to the same human family and the same moral universe resonated profoundly with Mediterranean Europeans , who found , in the claims and expectations emerging on the opposite shore , echoes of their own unfulfilled claims and expectations .
Instead , the UN continues to defer to Mugabe , who hides behind claims of sovereignty while jailing a defenseless populace .
In fact , PepsiCo holds a 25 % share of the market with products like Quaker cereals and fortified Tropicana juices , which qualify for FDA-approved health claims .
About three-quarters of breakfast cereals make health claims for the whole grain or fiber that has been added to make them `` functional . ''
Moreover , as Nancy Childs , a business school professor , wrote in Nutrition Business Journal in 2004 , functional foods for obesity , for example , promise their manufacturers `` a double reward '' : eligibility for qualified health claims and possible reimbursement under Medicare as a disease treatment .
They also provide `` balance to food company product portfolios , thereby limiting corporate liability on both legal and stock valuation fronts '' -- a reference to potential claims against companies that their products might cause obesity or poor health .
China 's See-No-Evil Diplomacy Ever since its founding , the People 's Republic of China has adhered to a foreign policy of non-interference in other country 's internal affairs -- or so it claims .
I call her `` Martha Stewart meets Che Guevara , '' because , when not renovating the elegant public spaces of her hotel , she is suing Israeli generals for war crimes that she claims were committed against civilians in Gaza .
NGO 's vary enormously in their organization , budgets , accountability , and sense of responsibility for the accuracy of their claims .
A Kerry administration , he claims , will restore respect for America in the world .
Neither country aims to restrain China in the way the `` containment '' strategy aimed at an aggressive Soviet Union during the Cold War , but both want to create an international structure that does not tempt China to throw its weight around .
But does this argument really have any more basis in reality than the administration 's previous claims of an `` imminent '' threat from weapons of mass destruction or Saddam Hussein 's alleged support for al-Qaeda ?
Despite claims by the extreme left and right around the world , America is not an imperial nation .
Iran claims that its nuclear program is aimed solely at peaceful uses , and that it has the right to develop uranium enrichment and other technologies as a signatory of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- .
And it has very little power when the great powers oppose an action , or repressive member governments ignore the claims of the new `` responsibility to protect . ''
Iran proclaims that its programs are for peaceful generation of nuclear energy , but inspectors have already found traces of highly enriched weapons-grade uranium .
Iran claims that as a party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty , it has the right to enrich uranium for peaceful purposes .
An article in The Far Eastern Economic Review proclaims that `` Wall Street 's crack-up presages a global tectonic shift : the beginning of the decline of American power . ''
The problem of American power in the wake of the financial crisis is not one of decline , but of a realization that even the most powerful country can not achieve its aims without the help of others .
Some analysts argue that China aims to challenge America 's position as the world 's dominant power .
For example , China began pressing territorial claims in the South China Sea , as well as escalating a longstanding border dispute with India .
Voters have been subjected to a barrage of outlandish claims : the Treaty would supposedly introduce abortion into Ireland -LRB- it is outlawed under Ireland 's constitution -RRB- , abolish Ireland 's low corporate-tax rate , and introduce a European army that would soon be sending Irish boys home from distant battlefields in body bags .
Though these claims are easily discredited , the `` Yes '' side has been unable to provide voters with sufficient reasons to vote for the Treaty .
Because the operational budget is set by Shell , and because the NNPC is plagued by corruption and lacks the expertise to verify production claims , the operating company has a powerful incentive to inflate costs .
Alarmed that the production costs put forward by Shell were always increasing , in 1996 Nigeria 's petroleum minister promised to establish a monitoring unit to scrutinize all of Shell 's invoices and claims .
Last February , the newly elected Senate attempted to block $ 1.6 billion from going to Shell and two other companies for production expenses until they provided adequate documents to support their claims .
The Department of Petroleum Resources -LRB- DPR -RRB- , the regulatory agency for the oil industry , has dismissed these claims , vowing to impose hefty fines on companies that flout the deadline .
With Serbia at the helm , the Council , which aims to promote human rights and the rule of law , is now overseen by a state that thumbs its nose at the Genocide Convention and harbors an indicted war crimes suspect , former Bosnian Serb army chief Ratko Mladic .
But the international community must be more respectful of Iran 's current industrial aims if it wants Iranian cooperation .
He claims he will not stop until your family is dead .
A local joke claims that Israelis have more parties than voters .
Take the brand new political map : Tzipi Livni 's Kadima with 28 Knesset seats , Binyamin Netanyahu 's Likud with 27 , both leaders giving triumphal orations during one dizzy night . `` Tzippy '' claims victory for leading the largest party , `` Bibi '' for heading the largest bloc .
Instead of kicking the ball to win , he aims so that his opponent scores .
Official policy aims to reduce the cost of globalization for individuals , but never for companies .
All three , however , are incompatible with a certain interpretation which claims that the scripture is the basis upon which to build a state . ''
Tortuous claims that saving is merely the flip side of consumption and investment spending are the economic equivalent of Humpty Dumpty 's argument in Through the Looking Glass : `` When I use a word , it means just what I choose it to mean . ''
The Chicago School claims that real-world market economies produce roughly efficient -LRB- so-called `` Pareto optimal '' -RRB- outcomes on which public policy can not improve .
But , contrary to economists ' claims , oil inventories do reveal a footprint of speculation .
However there is some ambiguity about what they should do when the claims of the state clash with those of the umma -LRB- the worldwide community of Islam -RRB- .
They do not necessarily share the same aims as Al Qaeda .
But , however positive their aims , these steps were taken without consulting the opposite side , thereby entrenching the perception that no partner existed .
China 's territorial claims on Russia are often noted in Chinese grade school geography textbooks , which include a number of Russian Far Eastern regions within China 's borders .
Today , China has territorial claims against 11 of its 24 neighbors , including India , Japan , Vietnam , and the Philippines , in addition to Russia .
Though today 's biomedical science claims to search for repairs of nature 's defects , too many of its practitioners behave as if their real purpose were only to gain the mythical immortality of precedence , at whatever cost to themselves or others .
Until recently , the overlapping claims on the 4.6 square kilometers were not a serious issue .
Frighteningly , groups like Al Qaeda can claim the mantle of popular nationalism as a means of pursuing their ultimate utopian aims .
In the US , the expansion of home ownership -- a key element of the American dream -- to low - and middle-income households was the defensible linchpin for the broader aims of expanding credit and consumption .
The Obama administration repeatedly denies such claims , along with others that the treaty 's verification provisions remain insufficient .
Despite the claims by both the Bush and Obama administrations that Russia and the US are no longer adversaries , it seems that the rapprochement has not translated into elimination of mutual nuclear targeting .
South Korea 's evolving foreign policy also may involve moving closer to China , as Korean nationalists join the Chinese in resisting Japan 's rival claims to potential hydrocarbon deposits in the East China Sea and the Sea of Japan .
MANILA -- One of the main sources of tension in Asia nowadays are the Spratly Islands in the South China Sea , where the Philippines , Vietnam , China , and others have conflicting claims .
To obtain a patent , an applicant must demonstrate that an invention meets three criteria : newness , non-obviousness -LRB- that there is an inventive step -RRB- , and utility -LRB- the invention does what it claims to do -RRB- .
Acknowledging this , CGIAR signed a Trust Agreement with the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization -LRB- FAO -RRB- in 1994 , pledging to keep the seeds in their collections free of any intellectual property claims .
Proctor requested that the patent examination be continued , submitting additional patent claims and even changing his lawyers several times -LRB- allowing more bureaucratic delay -RRB- .
Mexican beans , South Asian basmati rice , Bolivian quinoa , Amazonian ayahuasca , Indian chickpeas , Peruvian nuña beans , Andean maca -- all have been subject to predatory intellectual property claims .
Talk to World Bank and WTO officials , and you will get an earful of inflated claims about the benefits that a successful Doha round would bring .
Look closer at these claims , and you find that they are built on sand .
But that has n't stopped the Bank doing its best to hide this meager impact behind impressive-sounding claims .
Through deliberation councils , supplier development forums , investment advisory councils , sectoral round-tables , or private-public venture funds , collaboration aims to elicit information about investment opportunities and bottlenecks .
Third , industrial policy 's practitioners need to bear in mind that it aims to serve society at large , not the bureaucrats who administer it or the businesses that receive the incentives .
If Greece chooses default , they can not enforce their banks ' claims on Greek borrowers or seize Greek assets .
It claims that followers of Fethullah Gulen -- the influential US-based spiritual leader -- have effectively wrested control of the national police and large parts of the judiciary .
Similarly , in case of bankruptcy , federal laws and courts readily adjudicate claims among creditors , and do so without regard to state borders .
The IMF really does need to listen to its critics and constantly to seek better ways to accomplish its aims .
In a sense , a central bank 's relationship with asset markets is like that of a man who claims he is going to the ballet to make himself happy , not to make his wife happy . But then he sheepishly adds that if his wife is not happy , he can not be happy .
Geithner also aims to make financial deals simpler and easier to evaluate , so that boards , regulators , and investors can better assess the risks they face .
The Geithner proposal aims to rein in all of them to some degree .
Of course , the US government claims to want to rein in borrowing . But , assuming the economy must claw its way out of recession for at least another year or two , it is difficult to see how the government can fulfill its Pittsburgh pledge .
The IMF rightly points out that these claims are nonsense .
With huge private debts , falling house prices , and external claims on Ireland amounting to more than 10 times national income -LRB- according to the Reinhart-Rogoff database -RRB- , there was never going to be an easy way out .
There is general agreement on the aims to be achieved in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict : the end of violence and a peaceful solution based on the concept of two sovereign states .
Recent attempts by Filipino lawyers to prosecute civil claims for environmental tort and human rights abuses before American courts demonstrate just how desperate Filipino claimants are to seek redress against those who have acted negligently or with impunity .
Thus , a second set of policies and institutional reforms requires that all unsecured creditors of banks and other financial institutions need to be `` treated '' -- that is , they must accept losses -LRB- or `` haircuts '' -RRB- on their claims .
Waiting until 2013 to implement these restructurings , as German Chancellor Angela Merkel proposes , will destroy confidence , as it implies a much larger haircut on residual private claims on sovereign borrowers .
Despite the rhetoric of the new Five-Year Plan -- which , like the previous one , aims to increase the share of consumption in GDP -- the path of least resistance is the status quo .
From the start , the ICTY 's aims were ambitious , having been launched under the UN Security Council 's peacemaking powers .
As a NATO member , Turkey aims to become a full member of the European Union and establish cordial relations with all of its southern and eastern neighbors .
The president 's son Gamal also has his own charities that provide him with money , claims Kifaya , including the famous al-Mustaqbal organization .
Other cabinet ministers are no better , Kifaya claims .
Pakistan also claims that the Northern Alliance , part of the anti-Taliban resistance in Afghanistan , is working with India from within Afghanistan 's security services .
Science tries to tell us about the physical world and how it works . Religion aims at giving a meaning to the world and to our place in it .
The US could bomb Vietnam 's cities to rubble , as it can Iraq 's cities , but this solves nothing , claims vast numbers of innocent lives , and confirms the view of Americans as occupiers .
Consider the claims of inefficiency and waste .
If anything , the war will threaten those supplies by stoking the very radicalism it claims to be fighting .
Stimulus spending aims to use higher government outlays or tax incentives to offset the decline in household consumption and business investment .
Insurance claims against natural disasters rose to unprecedented levels during the 1990s , suggesting that the social costs of environmental upheavals have intensified .
Ironically , President Bush claims that the UN does not follow through on its word .
The UN successfully resisted the powerful pressures of the US to condone a war with Iraq despite repeated US claims , now known to be false , that Iraq was in possession of weapons of mass destruction .
The US claims that it helps the world fight poverty , but instead spends its money on weapons .
The annual US budget deficit reached 5 % of GNP , with an enormous part of the gap financed each year by Asian central banks , which now hold about $ 2 trillion in claims against America .
The Bush administration claims that more research is needed before any action is taken .
Instead , they have pursued a gradualist approach that aims to co-opt and recruit disaffected members of the traditional classes , including clergy and Revolutionary Guardsmen , to the Green Movement .
The ICD code also frames eligibility for related social goods like hospital care , medical retirement , claims for disability compensation , hospice care , and home health care , to name a few .
But it has largely achieved its aims .
But human rights groups question how the five to six hundred Al-Qaeda operatives that the government claims were holed up in the area came to be based there in the first place .
As a result , enormous resources -- both funds and officials ' time -- were invested in youth movements created by Kremlin puppeteers , with two aims : control street political activity and prepare brigades for a future struggle -- which might include ballot rigging -- against political opponents .
It is difficult to invent a more potentially explosive moniker , for the name proudly proclaims a division between `` us '' and `` them '' -- the most ancient and most destructive of human instincts .
China claims that its power over Pyongyang is limited .
This is one of the main aims of global taxation mechanisms , such as the International Finance Facility initiative and the Airplane Tax .
Claims that he abandoned his nuclear program in response to the US-led invasion of Iraq have been refuted by Flynt Leverett , director for Middle Eastern affairs at the US National Security Council from 2002 to 2003 .
This would also be unrealistic , because in the current age of globalization , any claims to democracy would be exposed as obviously false .
But claims that China is overheating do n't seem to be based on observations of inflation .
Nor are these claims based on the Chinese stock market , which has generally followed a downward path over the past few years .
Now we think of them as claims on increasingly scarce resources in a rapidly growing world , with prices potentially skyrocketing any day .
By 1910 , according to The Manchester Guardian , `` The Jungle Scare '' had spread to the United Kingdom , where it had been taken up by `` less scrupulous -LRB- sic -RRB- newspapers of this country , '' with `` slanderous '' and `` sensational '' claims about the food industry .
The same World Bank study estimates that total claims accruing to insurers in Japan might ultimately cost these companies $ 33 billion .
That taboo still claims routine support from many African leaders . And yet Eritrea 's secession from Ethiopia did not lead to other breakaway movements in Africa .
Instituting public debate on European policy throughout the Union will help clarify the aims of the unification project , make common interests apparent , and determine Europe 's institutional shape .
By selecting particular villages and providing basic health care , bed nets to stop malaria , primary education , better seeds , and other agricultural assistance , the organization aims to show that well-designed , comprehensive aid plans can , at relatively modest cost , raise people out of poverty .
Bizarre theories sprung up about Diana 's death including claims that the British secret service murdered her because she was a threat to the throne , or that she is living happily with her new love , Dodi Fayed , having staged the entire event to get away from the glare of publicity .
Putting aside the specific claims that Watson made in his Sunday Times interview , a genuinely difficult question remains : should scientists investigate the possibility of a link between race and intelligence ?
But if Obama fails to make good on his promise of change , it will be decades before the electorate again places its trust in a candidate who claims to be different from the usual run of politicians .
He claims that every dollar invested in preparing for natural disasters saves ten dollars in future damage .
That this should happen while developed nations waste hundreds of millions of tons of grain and soybeans by feeding them to animals , and obesity reaches epidemic proportions , undermines our claims to believe in the equal value of all human life .
Tiger parenting aims at getting children to make the most of what abilities they have , and so seems to lean towards the `` clever '' side of the `` clever or happy '' choice .
What we gain from Parfit 's work is the possibility of defending these and other moral claims as objective truths .
Publicity for the new film claims that it is `` the first live-action film in the history of movies to star , and be told from the point of view of , a sentient animal . '' Yet no live apes were used .
Despite India 's historically established territorial claims to the region , China terms the area `` disputed , '' a description that it has now begun to extend to the whole of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir .
This effort to encircle India by sea with strategically positioned naval stations from Hainan in the East to Gwadar in the West , and on land by promoting bogus Pakistani claims that undermine India 's territorial integrity , takes the `` Great Game '' to a new and more dangerous level .
A CDO is a claim against a chain of claims that ends at US homeowners .
If the Greek state goes bust , so will Greek banks , and the ECB would have to write off its claims against them , taking a charge of roughly ¤ 6 billion .
The Europeans wanted to achieve their goal through , among other means , further environmental protection and more social cohesion -- desirable aims , but certainly not growth strategies .
As the account includes international payments for both trade in goods and financial claims , a deficit in a country 's Target account indicates foreign borrowing via the ECB , whereas a surplus denotes foreign lending via the ECB .
The balance is not reported on the ECB 's balance sheet , since it is zero in the aggregate , but it does show up on the respective balance sheets of the national central banks as interest-bearing claims against , and liabilities to , the ECB system .
For example , the Bundesbank 's Target claims ballooned from ¤ 5 billion in 2006 to ¤ 323 billion by March 2011 .
The counterpart to these claims were the GIPS ' liabilities , which had grown to about ¤ 340 billion by the end of last year .
In essence , Germany and Italy traded Target claims against marketable assets .
Only `` unreasonable '' claims may be refused , but the state will bear the burden of proving unreasonableness .
Nor can the duration of the residence permit be shortened simply because the immigrant claims welfare assistance .
But , to lawyers like the ICC prosecutor , the abstract claims of justice are more vivid than any concrete duty of protection .
Nor has Thatcherite policy succeeded in one of its chief aims -- to reduce the share of government spending in national income .
When he gets around to economics , Cochrane aims his blows at two points : Krugman 's attack on the `` efficient market theory '' and his advocacy of `` fiscal stimulus '' for depressed economies .
In May of this year , London 's Daily Telegraph began publishing details of MPs ' expenses claims .
It has become dangerously dependent on economic success , so that any large-scale economic failure will expose the shallowness of its moral claims .
All this occurred against the background of emerging-market economies ' claims that their relatively low representation in the BWIs denied the IMF legitimacy .
It also claims to have been subsidizing the price of energy to the Commonwealth of Independent States , when in reality it is the Central Asians who have been subsidizing Russia to an even greater extent .
Indeed , the EU has undertaken 24 missions in Europe , Africa , and Asia , differing in nature , scope , and aims , and combining military and civilian means .
Those who make such claims are bound to be wrong at times , and so can enforce their claims only by coercion and repression .
If you are not with us , you are with the terrorists , he proclaims .
Caspian Revenue Watch aims to build the capacity of civil society in the new states surrounding the Caspian Sea , through research , training , and partnerships , to monitor the collection and expenditure of government revenues from the extractive sector .
When both claims proved false , he argued that America invaded Iraq to liberate the Iraqi people .
The `` accountability moment '' has passed , he claims , and he is ready to confront tyranny throughout the world according to his own lights .
We must abandon Popper 's tacit assumption that political discourse aims at a better understanding of reality and reintroduce it as an explicit requirement .
President Barack Obama has deployed the `` confidence multiplier '' and claims to have contained the recession .
The highest grade would make a country automatically eligible for Contingent Credit Lines and bondholders would be given an assurance that in case of an IMF program their claims would be fully respected .
In the meantime , the return to the idea of a `` just cause '' carries big risks , especially evident when , as happened in Georgia , a great power claims the mantle of a protector of the rights of its nationals in a neighboring country .
So the object of international law is not to ban `` unjust '' wars and permit `` just '' ones , but to assure that wars are waged for limited aims , so that they do n't rage out of control .
To be fair , given the SOEs ' legacy costs -LRB- stemming from their responsibilities for social services and insurance -RRB- , together with their financial distress in the 1990 's , it made sense for a while to let them keep their retained earnings and not place additional claims on them through the government budget .
Imperial Hubris The United States , with its claims of exceptionalism , is usually thought of as free of historical analogies .
But by that time , even the civilian chancellor had resolved on extravagant war aims that made hopes for a negotiated peace illusory .
But this will not establish `` market prices , '' as the administration claims .
That is why good monetary policy aims to prevent bubbles from arising .
Most people evicted from their homes have not been paying their mortgages , and , in most cases , those who are throwing them out have rightful claims .
-LRB- Remarkably , the Obama administration claims that veterans ' right to appeal to the courts should be restricted ! -RRB-
Do not follow the encomiums of US special interests , whether in the corporate or financial arena , because , although they preach free markets , back home they rely on the US government to advance their aims .
They were right to be skeptical about US claims of an imminent danger from weapons of mass destruction .
They have the right to know why America , and the world , was misled by false claims about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
This came as a relief for the Bush administration , which claims to have given as much as its `` budgetary processes '' allow .
But claims by Bush that America can not afford to do anything about global warming ring hollow : other advanced industrial countries with comparable standards of living emit only a fraction of what the US emits per dollar of GDP .
The aims of the campaign were laudable , but it generated hostility and ill will , undermining its effectiveness .
OXFORD -- Is the `` harmonious society '' that Chinese President Hu Jintao constantly proclaims being realized in China 's relations with Taiwan ?
Instead , like so many other leaders before him , he proclaims his desire to find a `` third way . ''
Japan must avoid repeating the unseemly scenario following Saddam Hussein 's defeat in the Gulf War of 1991 , when it wrote large checks to cover the war 's costs , yet had no say in the war 's conduct or war aims .
Trade with a country with China 's human rights record must not only make economic sense ; it must also fit the wider aims of foreign policy .
That means , above all , avoiding trade that makes it more difficult to pursue those aims .
Moreover , Iran remains eager to contain Azerbaijani revanchist claims over the large Azeri minority in northern Iran .
Turkey 's official line remains that the allegation is based on unfounded or exaggerated claims , and that the deaths that occurred resulted from combat against Armenians collaborating with invading Russian forces during the First World War , or as a result of disease and hunger during the forced deportations .
There are also understandable fears that diverging from the official line would trigger a flood of compensation claims , as occurred against Germany .
When Somaliland 's people vote at the end of September , they will not be deciding explicitly on secession , but their steady effort at state building does amplify their claims to independence .
Given the interests of all the world 's great powers in stabilizing the Horn of Africa , there does seem to be movement toward accepting Somaliland 's claims .
Despite claims to the contrary , there is no possible threat to US interests from the islanders ' return to the outer islands , hundreds of kilometers away from Diego Garcia .
Also in December , India became the latest nation to join the EU in the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor -LRB- ITER -RRB- team , which aims to produce electricity using nuclear fusion , as happens in the sun .
Similarly , the government proclaims bold intentions to tackle reform of Italy 's deeply indebted pension system , but lacks the political leverage to realize change .
It is difficult to ask citizens to be enthusiastic about aims that their leaders ignore .
At the same time , China has taken pains to remind India that it still claims a further 92,000 square kilometers , mainly in Arunachal Pradesh .
Reminding India of China 's claims is therefore all the more urgent for China .
Likewise , some distinguished voter invariably claims that his name is missing from the rolls , or that someone has already cast his vote -LRB- but usually not both -RRB- .
India 's Bollywood Power The world has heard much about India 's extraordinary transformation in recent years , and even of its claims to a share of `` world leadership . ''
When a bhangra beat is infused into a Western pop record or an Indian choreographer invents a fusion of kathak and ballet ; when Indian women sweep the Miss World and Miss Universe contests , or when `` Monsoon Wedding '' wows the critics and `` Lagaan '' claims an Oscar nomination ; when Indian writers win the Booker or Pulitzer Prizes , India 's soft power is enhanced .
But blanket claims that antidepressant drugs are dangerous , addictive , or bad in other ways are not based on strong evidence .
This is what his modernization policy aims to achieve .
Moreover , surrendering territorial claims in the Arctic -- the stakes in the dispute with Norway -- is no small matter .
I call this a heresy because it rejects the supremacy of equality under law and proclaims the supremacy of particular men .
Turkey is also actively involved in NATO 's ongoing deterrence review , which aims to strike a balance between the Alliance 's nuclear and conventional capacities , and is also set to clarify the role of missile defense in this context .
Although Unasur aims to progress beyond free-trade agreements , this requires a more streamlined integration within the organization -- one that expands its current role as a forum for discussing problems and seeking solutions for Latin America as a whole .
Of course , when a cherished belief is challenged , various counter claims arise - the evidence is for the wrong type of debriefing , the trials were not well done , elements of debriefing could still `` work , '' the testimonies of those who are certain it helped them can not be discounted , and so on .
But , as Carl Sagan observed , `` extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence , '' while here the existing evidence is still circumstantial .
In literary terms , this conspiracy theory closely resembles The Protocols of the Elders of Zion , featuring secretive global elite with great power and wicked aims .
Here is a country that has long cherished its `` exception '' from the normal rules of market economics , a foggy view that rejects both central planning and free markets and claims to offer a well-balanced middle ground .
They may have been reassured by the SNB 's official statement that the appreciation represented `` an inappropriate tightening of monetary conditions , '' and that the policy move merely aims `` to prevent any further appreciation of the Swiss franc against the euro . ''
First , it aims to ensure that obligations are fairly and regularly met when a debtor becomes financially insolvent .
And if the liquidation rate for creditors ' common claims is defined as no lower than that at the time the draft restructuring plan was submitted for approval , compensation must be considered in the event that payment is delayed .
Only if Western intervention aims to rescue the Yemeni state from itself will there be any possibility to contain Al Qaeda .
Why is it that struggles far more complex than the Israel-Arab conflict -- apartheid in South Africa , the partition of Germany , or the collapse of the Soviet Union -- all seem to have been resolved , usually without bloodshed , whereas the Middle East conflict , after more than a century , claims more victims every day ?
The third liberal route to peace -- institutionalizing international relations -- aims to regularize the behavior of states through a system of norms and rules , thereby creating order -LRB- and peace -RRB- out of quasi-anarchy .
There some 1,500 Africans process American health-insurance claims - working around the clock , in three shifts .
Although China claims that it `` normalized relations '' with North Korea in 2009 , its policies and attitudes toward the North remain mired in a morbid comradeship .
Under Chapter 11 , companies with a solid underlying business generally swap debt for equity . Old equity holders are wiped out and old debt claims are transformed into equity claims in the new entity which continues operating with a new capital structure .
