Rather than bowing to the military junta , he embraced the gallows .
Hours before his hanging , Benazir was allowed to see her father for the last time , writing in her autobiography : `` I told him on my oath in his death cell , I would carry on his work . ''
As a result , Syria 's various political power centers have embarked on a desperate search for a vision to promote change yet allow the existing order to survive .
The point is to allow for some debate to take place in the hope of producing the sorely needed vision of change .
Although he has opened Syria 's border to jihadists and has allowed Saddam 's supporters to operate freely there , that choice may not be entirely his .
Some European countries apparently believe that they can maintain an EU consensus in support of Ahtisaari 's plan but allow Russian foot-dragging on the grounds that delay is not unreasonable and something better may turn up with additional negotiations .
There is also an American proposal to allow the Badr Brigade -- a wing of the Palestine Liberation Army that is currently stationed in Jordan -- to relocate to the Palestinian territories as Abbas 's rapid reaction force in Gaza in anticipation of a feared civil war .
Abbas has also asked Israel to allow the PLO 's Badr Brigade , currently stationed in Jordan , to enter the West Bank .
Following King Abdullah II of Jordan 's intervention , Israel appears to have agreed to allow the Badr Brigade 's entry with full arms and ammunition .
For Israel , last summer 's fight with Hezbollah in Lebanon demonstrated the risks of allowing radical Islamists to consolidate their power on Israel 's border .
Indeed , at one European newspaper , articles that arrived via e-mail were re-typed by typographers : the technology for transferring them electronically was available , but not the work rules to allow the paper to apply it .
The executive powers that the European Commission enjoys over competition policy allow it to circumvent the national vetoes and compromises that are common in other areas . For example , implementation of rules governing the single market are subject to a unanimity rule , or at the very least a qualified majority of member states , with the result that progress is usually slow .
Obsolete dreams of grandeur should not be allowed to interfere with a realistic and fair distribution of power in the international arena .
The Party allows Caijng to expose corruption because this helps it to stop China 's most serious disease .
The typical cycle -- Argentina offers a perfect example -- is one where inflation is allowed to rise for a period .
The Court agreed , in principle , that the merger could allow such leveraging to occur , but it found that the Commission did not prove that the merged entity would have an incentive to use this possibility .
My guess is that the US will not allow Blix and the inspectors that he oversees to be deceived by Iraq again .
He never allowed himself to be duped by Hitler 's cronies .
It must be clear by now that Pyongyang is determined to keep its nuclear weapons program in order to obtain a credible assurance from the US that its bizarre and repressive regime will be allowed to survive .
The Customs Union concluded ten years ago allows free trade for all but agricultural goods .
`` In November 2006 , the -LRB- AKP dominated -RRB- Turkish parliament , as part of the reforms related to possible EU accession , passed a new law governing Lausanne religious minority foundations , easing procedures to establish foundations and allowing non-Turkish citizens in Turkey to open them ... Then President Ahmet Necdet Sezer -LRB- a staunch Kemalist -RRB- , however , vetoed the legislation .
The government recently announced the extension of a program of emergency cash allowances to widows .
Despite massive evidence of the widespread death , poverty , suffering , and dysfunction she and her late husband , the dictator Ferdinand Marcos , inflicted on the Philippines , the only real disappointment she has subsequently endured has been losing the last presidential election she was allowed to contest .
More than 80 % said Estrada should be allowed to languish in a lush private family vacation home where he already spent the last six years awaiting his verdict .
Notwithstanding the opinion polls , it does seem as though the public not only accepts his conviction , but that they respect it as the outcome of a fair system that has been allowed to work .
Carbon monoxide levels have reached crisis levels , at six times the maximum allowable concentration .
Would he have allowed himself such a vacation while his city was being ravaged by heat and toxic smog ?
But neither Luzhkov , nor whoever may replace him , must worry about voter approval , as the Kremlin appoints Moscow 's mayor , rather than allowing for free and fair elections -- a practice instituted a few years back by then-President Vladimir Putin for all such important positions across Russia .
Finally , high oil prices in the past 12 months provided an unexpectedly large windfall to the Iraqi budget , allowing for the financing of other sectors without slighting the oil industry .
The money allowed Iraq to begin to address security , production , and technology issues throughout its oil system .
The government allows almost no independent news and information .
This allowed many European Union countries to approach the crisis with room for maneuver .
With its vast resources and alliances , ad hoc solutions allow the US to advance its interests effectively without the entanglements of more enduring rules , customs , and structures .
But Ireland should also allow the EU 's other member states to proceed with the Lisbon Treaty if that is what they wish .
Even if another referendum is to be held in Ireland , the Irish government should foresee a procedure that , irrespective of the outcome , allows other member states to implement the essential parts of the Lisbon treaty .
Extensive lobbying , directly and by proxy , is underway to persuade European regulators to allow long-term supply contracts in the EU -- despite their deadening effect on competition .
Enhanced European capabilities would allow America to leave many instabilities in and around Europe in the care of its allies .
In these circumstances , there is an urgent need for a facility that allows governments of poor countries to negotiate on a par with foreign investors to reach contracts that are as fair as possible under the given circumstances .
To promote fiscal transparency , our Finance Department has created a Web site called `` Pera ng Bayan , '' or `` The People 's Money . '' It allows the public to report tax cheats , smugglers , and crooks anonymously .
There have been action calls and statements circulated on the Web calling on the people of the region to unite and not allow governments to build bigger walls between them .
Alas , if they are allowed to run the show , Ukraine might face more redistribution of fortunes than cleansing of corruption , letting the revolutionary public down .
That , in turn , allows Gazprom to boost its profitability through price increases , despite stagnant production .
After all , he suspended Russia 's WTO accession talks after the August 2008 war in Georgia , only to allow them to restart this spring .
The international community allowed change in Tunisia and Egypt to proceed at those countries ' own pace .
In Syria , a Libyan-style military intervention is not warranted , but diplomatic intervention is needed to allow the country 's people to determine its future .
Such a calibrated approach , however , combining a differentiated understanding of the nature of Saddam 's regime and its weaknesses , has a better chance of success than an outright assault , or the dangers inherent in allowing Saddam to remain in power .
To blame everything on the heavy-handedness of the Americans is too simplistic and shallow , even if their mistakes have , indeed , been legion .
In a country where Shi'ites form the majority , the Sunnis -- traditionally the hegemonic group in all Arab countries -- were totally unwilling to allow any democratic process to jeopardize their rule .
If Turkey grants its own Kurdish minority more cultural and language rights and allows legitimate Kurdish political representation in the Turkish parliament , the willingness of Turkish Kurds to oppose Ankara will be diminished .
But nor , on the other hand , is it clear that the existing organs of the Palestinian Authority -- especially the security services at its disposal -- will allow a peaceful transfer of power . Indeed , no such precedent exists : there has never been a peaceful transfer of power in any of the Arab League 's 22 member states .
But it does not appear that Olmert will allow himself to be pushed out .
Yugoslavia 's new leadership should now be allowed to deal with Milosevic in a way that promotes democracy within Yugoslavia .
Theoretical studies suggest that inflation in the accession countries will remain stubbornly higher than the Maastricht Treaty allows .
Success here would allow candidate countries to start reaping the benefits of greater price transparency , reduced transaction costs , and a solid macroeconomic framework .
In addition , the environment should allow the animals to perform the behaviors normal for their species .
An increasingly pluralistic society is being forced into a procrustean structure that allows only one voice , one need , and one kind of interest : the voice , needs , and interests of the party .
Feeling sympathy for Norway is hard . Thanks to its massive North Sea oil reserves , the country has achieved a level of wealth unimaginable only a generation ago - and which has allowed it to cold-shoulder the European Union since 1994 .
Government spending is now increasing by 4 % annually because of a new `` action rule , '' enacted in 2001 , that allows revenue from the Petroleum Fund to be phased into the domestic economy .
The legislature 's role and influence in these three countries also vary . In Tunisia and Egypt , authoritarian regimes allowed no political space for dissenting voices .
Londoners ' collective message after 7\/7 was decisive , and it must be Europe 's message as well : we will not allow such atrocities to divide us .
If it continues to allow such cases to go forward , it risks losing even more credibility among those Tibetans who , like the three environmentalists , have tried to stay within the law and avoid politics .
This allowed us to make concrete progress on implementation of the EU 's six-point ceasefire plan between Russia and Georgia .
The Lisbon Treaty allows us to achieve a greater coherence and gives us a much greater capacity to act .
It will allow diplomacy , crisis management and an emerging European defense capability to be used hand in hand with more traditional policies , such as trade and development .
This allowed us to make concrete progress on implementation of the EU 's six-point ceasefire plan between Russia and Georgia .
The Lisbon Treaty allows us to achieve a greater coherence and gives us a much greater capacity to act .
It will allow diplomacy , crisis management and an emerging European defense capability to be used hand in hand with more traditional policies such as trade and development .
What is especially sophisticated about the new ideas cropping up in the US , Europe , India , China and elsewhere is the recognition that , as with drugs and toys , it is impossible to say in advance which financial products we should allow and which we should not , because we can not conceive of all the products that can and will come to market .
Instead of banning or freely allowing all dangerous products , we need to identify products that are valuable to some customers but not all -- call them `` prescription financial products '' -- and create a body of registered finance professionals -LRB- RFPs -RRB- who are empowered to certify the purchase of these products by individuals .
The board would be allowed to base its choices on raters ' past performance .
Legal rules allowing corporations to spend on politics are premised on the view that expression of corporations ' positions has a legitimate role in the political marketplace .
As far as equity-based compensation is concerned , executives should not be allowed to cash out options and shares given to them for a period of , say , five years after the time of `` vesting '' -- that is , the point at which the options and shares have been `` earned '' and may not be taken away from the executive .
The US government felt that it had a weak hand , because it was not prepared to allow AIG to default on any of its obligations .
Management talked of the virtues of writing to allow readers to read between the lines .
The question remains whether Bashar understands that peace is not only about regaining the Golan , but also about normalization of relations with Israel , which his father was reluctant to allow .
But a Syrian-Israeli peace would drive a wedge between Syria and Iran , thereby cutting off Hezbollah 's lines of arms supply while allowing the vital task of stabilizing Lebanon to succeed .
But , by being allowed to acquire popular legitimacy and a high degree of acceptance within the political establishment as the driving force behind the ruling party 's preparations for the post-Mubarak era , Gamal is being positioned strategically to compete effectively for the presidency .
The relatively homogeneous society envisaged by its founders has fragmented into a tense multi-ethnic tapestry comprising secular Jews , an alienated Arab minority , a prolific ultra-orthodox community living on state allowances , religious nationalists bent on a Messianic brand of Zionism , immigrants from the former Soviet Union , marginalized Ethiopians , and Oriental Jews still struggling to join the middle class .
By contrast , `` Jerusalem '' regards `` Tel Aviv 's '' drive for `` normalcy '' as a shallow affair , one that is almost criminally indifferent to Jewish memory and the lessons of Jewish history .
The Gaza cease-fire should be allowed to facilitate reconciliation between Fatah and Hamas , which would make the Annapolis process more legitimate and inclusive .
It accepted a truce , brokered by an Egyptian government fearful of Iran 's influence in neighboring Gaza , that not only gave Hamas political legitimacy and undermined the international community 's policy of not negotiating with this fundamentalist group , but that also allowed it to continue rearming .
Obama 's ascension to the US presidency represents a revolutionary landmark in America 's history that should not be allowed to fall victim to inflated expectations .
To the Israelis , Europe became the essayist Mario Andrea Rigoni 's `` old lady , who after she had allowed herself all sorts of liberties ... and a great number of horrors , would like , once she has reached the age of society , fatigue , and weakness , to see the world adapt itself to her needs for moderation , equity , and peace . ''
Israel should not , however , rejoice at being so far away from Europe , because Europe 's way is not far-fetched ; the world can not be allowed to operate for long outside a reasonable international system of rules and laws .
The arrest warrant for al-Bashir should not be allowed to spur further attempts by his government to sabotage the CPA and the fragile process leading to the 2011 referendum .
Nor should the international neglect that has for too long allowed the Darfur genocide to go unpunished recur when it comes to sustaining the quest for peace in Sudan .
Rulers should be encouraged instead to engage in bottom-up democracy building , create an honest police force and judicial system , and allow civic organizations to flourish .
Now , however , the international community is bound to scrutinize how wars are conducted , and crimes of war will not be allowed to go unpunished .
It is a major flaw of the system of international law that the application of the lofty principles of universal justice should be conditioned by the global balance of political power , and that the world 's most notorious abusers , such as Libya and Iran , are allowed to pose as guardians of human rights in UN agencies .
That program focuses on the Afghanization of the development process , as well as on allowing the security forces to operate autonomously .
The expectation that he would allow the Arabs , particularly the Syrians and the Palestinians , to recover their land without resorting to arms has been proved , by his own admission , to be unrealistic .
The Mecca agreement that brought forth the unity government in Palestine will inevitably temper Hamas ' radicalism , just as the regime 's avoidance in Jordan of an `` Egyptian solution '' to the Islamist challenge allowed the Islamic Action Front to contain within the movement many who would have been otherwise drawn into the jihadist orbit .
Arafat set the standard as to what is acceptable and what is not , and Abbas can not allow himself the luxury of deviating from it .
A Western-leaning army , funded and trained by the United States , it can not allow itself the liberty of shooting peaceful protesters .
Indeed , one of the first decisions taken by Egypt 's interim government was to allow an Iranian vessel to cross into the Mediterranean through the Suez Canal for the first time in three decades .
That is , when the effects of a financial institution 's activities are sufficiently large , the country affected should be allowed to assume regulatory power , irrespective of the institution 's domicile .
It would allow host countries to impose restrictions on credit expansion , regardless of how a financial institution chooses to channel capital to its market , and would strengthen host countries ' rights to request information from home-country regulators .
Cornering an opponent without keeping open diplomatic channels that allow you to understand his situation may prove fatal ;
By contrast , the EU Constitution is written with the unspoken understanding that the institutions it is setting up are transitory , that they are far from optimal , and that it would be desirable to change them right now if political realities allowed it .
But the realities of politics in today 's Europe do not allow for the sort of document the signatories really wanted to draft , so the constitution that they did write is designed to establish a process of evolutionary change that will motivate further improvements along the way - improvement that will , it is hoped , one day obliterate the very arrangements today 's EU Constitution is setting up .
If an international force simply allows Ehud Olmert 's government to pursue its plans further , the countries that provide troops for the international force will not only be seen as rubberstamping Israeli policy , but will also be dragged into its failure .
And the `` security fence , '' which was to allow for unilateral separation , may hold back suicide bombers but not modern missiles of the kind currently employed by Hezbollah .
At the same time , they will undermine their own international influence , allow others to play off Europe against America , destroying as well what chance remains for rebuilding the West with a reformed America .
Perhaps the chief mistake , as with recent `` Buy American '' provisions in US legislation , was to allow the Employ American Workers Act -LRB- EAWA -RRB- to be folded into the stimulus bill .
But the impact of free migration -LRB- when allowed -RRB- on French plumbers ' incomes is in fact minimal , not least because of the smallness of the new member states compared to the whole of Western Europe .
So developing CCS or an alternative that allows coal to become clean energy is essential for meeting the 2050 goal .
It also allows easier contact with fringe groups , such as anti-globalization protesters and the most zealous greens .
Their inflation was lower , and they oriented their policies toward maintaining a competitive exchange rate through the adoption of a so-called `` crawling band , '' whereby the currency is allowed to fluctuate within a band around a central parity .
Managing a floating rate has also allowed Latin American countries to accumulate a significant level of international reserves .
As the crisis hit , stronger banking systems and effective macroeconomic policies -- including fiscal responsibility and low public debt , exchange-rate flexibility , and a large accumulation of international reserves -- allowed Latin American countries to implement unprecedented countercyclical policies .
What football really provides is a residual area of confrontation that allows for the controlled expression of animosity , leaving the most important areas of interaction between countries unaffected .
It is because football allows for symbolically limited confrontations , with no major political risks , that it is useful .
In allowing so many lives to be blighted through genital mutilation , we degrade ourselves and our world .
An `` International Anti-Prohibitionist League '' is now at work , calling for repeal or amendment of the UN treaties in order to allow for experimentation with legalization by individual nations .
Scientists generally agree that research should be done within that period -- and always allowed on spare embryos that will never be implanted .
I hope that this approach will allow a wide consensus in the General Assembly , and that any last minute change of heart will fail .
In some cases , this would also allow for economies of scale .
NAPU would allow for wider , more consistent participation in the consideration of issues now ignored in all three countries .
The model 's decadence is now so clear that Raúl Castro 's government has begun heavy cuts in Cuba 's enormous state bureaucracy and has allowed a limited number of private businesses .
A decent pan-European economic recovery , and successful gradual fiscal consolidation , would allow the distressed sovereign bonds to rise in value over time .
Determining the size of likely losses is necessary to decide whether banks ' retained earnings from profitable ongoing operations and their ability to raise private capital will allow them to work down their toxic assets over time .
All economists agree that we should allow the automatic stabilizers to work .
Some of these formulae allow sub-national governments wide discretion ; others do not .
Various court rulings have determined that this process allowed richer districts to spend more than poorer ones and ordered states to equalize spending .
The constitutional balanced-budget rules -LRB- for operating budgets , with borrowing allowed for capital spending such as school construction -RRB- found in many US states have by and large worked well , and Germany has recently moved in this direction .
There are sometimes specific references to the Dutch practice that allows doctors to end their patients ' lives if they explicitly ask for it , as long as certain preconditions of due practice are met .
Physicians are not required to be present at the suicide , and they are not allowed to administer the lethal drug .
Does it plan to swallow Ukraine , Belarus , and the Caucasus ?
Instead of playing the `` Great Power Game '' in Africa , the EU can support Africans ' own efforts and allow them to benefit from the Union 's experience .
Today 's laws , however , allow only universities and industry , which supply basic knowledge and technology , to profit from their contributions ; patients , who supply tissue , may not be compensated .
Some consider this unfair , as it allows tissue donated by patients to be wholly appropriated by universities and industry .
The trust agreement could allow the donor group to participate in the governance of the trust and thus have a say in the distribution of any benefits .
Instead of allowing donors to claim individual compensation for their tissue , a tax would be imposed every time a tissue-based application actually yields a profit .
Of course what they hope is that the Games will channel these energies toward national solidarity , which will allow the leadership to deliver its people a moment of achievement and patriotic glory .
Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo appears poised to try to amend the country 's constitution to allow himself a chance at a third term .
Bush waited weeks for a positive development that would allow him to suggest he can reduce troop levels in Iraq from 133,000 to 100,000 by the end of 2006 .
But US political and economic stability was never in doubt in 2000 , because public confidence in the country 's governing institutions allowed them to resolve the conflict peacefully .
In addition , threats to the Strait of Hormuz would allow Iran to force prices up without any reduction in output .
Resistance to sanctions from Russia , China , and France has persuaded US officials to `` allow more time for diplomacy '' before pushing for punitive action in the Security Council .
They allow the White House to argue that it means to undermine Iran 's leadership , not its people .
The court recently ruled that Nawaz Sharif , who Musharraf unseated eight years ago , must be allowed to return from exile .
The first change would enable Annex I countries to satisfy a greater share of their increasing climate responsibilities using credits from land-use projects implemented in non-Annex I countries . The second change would allow forestry and land-use projects that are eligible to issue carbon credits to include such activities as re-vegetation , forest restoration , and improved agricultural management .
The judge also took the testimony of a number of Habré 's DDS directors , and even allowed former victims to confront their torturers face to face .
But a sober assessment of what might follow a UN endorsement of Palestine 's borders allows for some cautious optimism .
Here , the lack of detail about the UN resolution allows room for maneuver .
The assumption is that only real pressure will finally force Sudan 's government to embrace the United Nations-African Union peacekeeping force , negotiate with the West , disband the feared Janjaweed militia , allow refugees from the country 's brutal civil war to return to their villages , and make peace with Southern rebels .
Following the coup , Bhutto and Nawaz fled into exile , and were allowed back into the country only after Musharraf , hoping that their return would help deflect public attention from the lawyers ' protest movement , announced that he would hold elections .
Moreover , a trade agreement with Afghanistan that allows Afghan goods to cross Pakistan en route to India may be one step towards an improvement of economic relations with that large and rapidly growing neighbor .
Did the Pakistanis allow Bin Laden to hide in the hope of using him as a bargaining chip in the endgame for Afghanistan ?
It severed relations with Afghanistan 's Taliban regime , which it had helped to install five years earlier , and allowed America to use its air space to launch strikes on Afghanistan .
Pakistan let the US use its air bases to launch drone attacks on Taliban fighters in Afghanistan and northwestern Pakistan ; allowed its territory to be used as a supply route for NATO forces in landlocked Afghanistan ; and , less enthusiastically than the US wished , launched military operations against Taliban sanctuaries on the Pakistani side of the porous border with Afghanistan .
The Jalaluddin Haqqani group , which was allowed to base itself in a sanctuary in Pakistan 's North Waziristan tribal agency , was one such ally that Pakistan 's government thought could be used to further its interests in Afghanistan .
Attacked for being shallow , indiscreet , and flashy by the Hillary camp , he has toned down his revivalist rhetoric , and adopted a more sober , more cautious , more professional air .
China has not fared too badly , largely because its government was forced by the Burmese example , bad publicity surrounding the Tibetan demonstrations , and the impending Olympic Games to allow far more freedom of information than it normally does .
The Wrong Lesson of Munich NEW YORK -- Seventy years ago this month in Munich , the British prime minister , Neville Chamberlain , signed a document that allowed Germany to grab a large chunk of Czechoslovakia .
People like Bishop Williamson and Geert Wilders are useful to the extent that they allow us to do just that .
Banning them only allows them to pose as martyrs to free speech . And that not only makes it harder to attack their views , but also gives free speech a bad name .
Tibetans , in other words , should be allowed to modernize themselves .
If Tibetans should be allowed to break away from China , why not the Welsh from Britain , the Basques from Spain , the Kurds from Turkey , or the Kashmiris from India ?
The only candidates allowed to run were men with impeccable religious credentials , loyal to a regime whose most important decisions are made by unelected clerics .
Since such feelings can not simply be wished away , it is better to allow for their ritual expression , just as fears of death , violence , and decay find expression in religion or bull fighting .
When it became clear that most had elected to stay , and were joined by extended families , many were grudgingly allowed to become citizens of European states , without necessarily being treated as such .
Unlike in Canada or the United States , economic immigrants are not allowed to become citizens in exchange for their necessary labor .
But systematic humiliation of Palestinians , by allowing settlers to get away literally with murder , has a corrupting effect on Israeli society .
Egyptians should be allowed to make that choice .
But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
The Libyan tyrant happily allowed his opponents , or anyone who annoyed him , to be tortured or killed . So it seems only right that he died with summary violence .
But existing criminal laws are more than adequate to allow willing justice systems to mete out appropriate sanctions against people who intend harm .
Following an assassination attempt by an aide-de-camp , Dadis Camara fled the country , and the interim junta leader , General Sékouba Konaté , allowed the opposition political parties to appoint a civilian prime minister .
The best that can be done is to seek to control polio , and to hope that politics , economics , and ethics allow us to get that far . Those involved in efforts aimed at complete eradication should rethink their goal , lest faith in the unattainable leads to disaster .
Leaders on both sides ignore strong majorities that crave peace , allowing extremist-led violence to preempt all opportunities for building a political consensus .
But we can not allow the distortion of faith or long-standing custom to be used as an excuse to ignore the rights of girls and women , and to hold their communities in poverty .
Indeed , up until the 1967 Supreme Court ruling that struck down anti-miscegenation laws throughout the US , interracial marriages were an oddity even where they were legally allowed .
If Muslims are not to be allowed to build anything Islamic anywhere near Ground Zero , let those who feel insulted strive to change the law through an open democratic process in which the reasons for a legal ban can be argued openly and without fig leafs .
Of course , if their reasoning were followed to its logical conclusion , allowing the project to be built would be the most robust statement that this dispute really does not have anything to do with religion .
If we intend to abolish the gallows , we should also fight for the prevention of crime and against the inhumanity of many prisons .
How can we ignore that many states today kill not only through legal punishment , but also by murdering and massacring in international or civil wars , or by allowing starvation ?
The wolf 's `` justifications '' for his evil action were a luxury that he allowed himself .
At the end of July , another Lega Nord MP , Paola Goisis , proposed in Parliament that teachers from Italy 's south should not be allowed to teach in northern schools unless they are well versed in the history , traditions , and dialects of the area where the school is located .
Venezuelan Preseident Hugo Chávez has openly proposed abolishing the central bank 's independence , submitting a constitutional reform that would allow him to use the country 's international reserves as he sees fit .
Had it not been for the world economic crisis , or if it ends up being short and shallow , many observers , including me , remain convinced that Mexico can continue to muddle through , as it has done since 1996 .
Perhaps the least bad solution would be to proceed by default : gradually allow the drug war to vanish from television screens and newspapers , and have its place taken by other wars : on poverty , on petty crime , and for economic growth .
Nothing extraordinary has been revealed , but the cables now available allow readers and analysts to draw some preliminary conclusions about the Obama administration 's views of the region ; about Latin American leaders ' attitudes toward the United States ; and about the quality of US diplomatic and intelligence-gathering activities in the hemisphere .
South America is booming , as India and China swallow up its exports of iron , copper , soybeans , coffee , coal , oil , wheat , poultry , beef , and sugar .
To become a full-fledged UN member , the Security Council must recommend the move to the General Assembly ; but upgrading the Palestinian Authority 's status to that of the Vatican -- which in theory would allow it to participate in many UN agencies , including the International Criminal Court -- requires only a two-thirds vote in the General Assembly .
Then they made statement after statement claiming that Syria was not Libya , and they would not allow another Western intervention to achieve regime change in another Arab country just because its people seemed upset with the local dictator .
High oil prices allow Venezuela to go on this military spending spree , and there seems little that anybody can do about it .
Despite complaints from the Episcopal Conference of the Catholic Church , chambers of commerce and political parties , the CSE has refused to allow a recount of the ballots or scrutiny by impartial observers .
Two years into his term , Ortega needed to win majorities in the local elections in order to impose a constitutional reform that will allow him to seek a second consecutive term .
In fact , India 's `` reserved places '' scheme operates as a deliberate smokescreen , for it allows the government cleverly to mask the real issue , which is access to primary education for India 's disadvantaged .
McCain , Clinton and Obama support `` comprehensive reform '' -- code words for the ying and yang of managing anti-immigrant sentiment here : give Americans some promises of secure borders and they 'll swallow giving the undocumented a path to citizenship . -LRB- No one mentions in this bargain , that the United States has already spent billions to secure ouitsr borders and nonetheless some 500,000 illegal immigrants a year continue to come , but that 's another story . -RRB-
After dictator Pervez Musharraf was driven out of office , the new Pakistani civilian government ordered the ISI to report to the interior ministry , but received no support from the US for this effort to assert civilian control , allowing the army to quickly frustrate the effort .
And , like ocean piracy and airplane hijacking , cyber-crime can not be allowed to go unpunished if we are to safeguard our common assets and collective interests .
Cyber intrusion in peacetime allows the prowler to read the content and understand the relative importance of different computer networks so that it knows what to disable in a conflict situation .
The targets also can face Trojan-horse attacks by e-mail intended to breach their computers and allow the infiltrators to corrupt or transfer files remotely .
By contrast , state-driven capitalism has given China economic stability and rapid growth , allowing it to ride out the global crisis .
Taiwan has also allowed mini-links to be opened so that the residents of Kinmen -LRB- an offshore island -RRB- and Xiamen -LRB- a port city of China -RRB- can enjoy unrestrained travel across the Strait .
Yet , even at shallow depths , useful temperatures for power generation are often available .
The shallower the heat resources and the cheaper the capital , the more competitive an HDR project will be .
The Group 's mandate should be widened , and resources should be provided to allow it to tackle terrorism explicitly .
But women who believe that their best hope for security is to find a husband often tell interviewers that if other women are allowed to escape the biological consequences of having sex , men will be less willing to offer marriage in return for it .
Rather than preventing monopolization and restraint of trade , as the theory goes , antitrust regulation in the `` new economy '' is a new face of the old `` industrial policy , '' allowing bureaucrats to manipulate economic outcomes and favor companies dearer to them than the consumers ' choice .
From the other stereotypical point-of-view , Europe wallows in the complexity of issues whereas America likes simple lines of conflict -- you are either for us or against us .
They are intrinsically time-bound attempts to come to terms with issues , and they should be allowed to run their course if they are based on deliberations by elected majorities of representatives .
Palestinians would be allowed into Israel only at a small number of checkpoints , and the settlers would soon find their own position untenable and return to Israel .
It should , however , be allowed , while at the same time common spaces should be both available and safe for all .
These practical consequences are above and beyond the liberating effect of allowing the `` marketplace of ideas , '' rather than state authorities , to judge people 's expressed views .
Democracy in the sense of free elections within certain rules does not allow the rest of us to say that the cause of freedom has prevailed and that we can walk away .
Its legislature is the Council of Ministers which sometimes allows the elected Parliament to engage in a little `` co-decision-making . ''
As a result , leaders have developed a tendency to turn directly to the people without allowing much debate .
Gaining a few Indian computer specialists is a bad reason for allowing `` green card '' access , if only because such migrants are likely to remain a tiny minority of newcomers .
Moreover , the tape carried the data that allowed the machine to proceed .
But , by picking up Chirac 's challenge , Blair has allowed himself to be drawn away from the general European dilemma -LRB- what to do about the Constitutional Treaty -RRB- -- for which Britain is not to blame -- to a specific policy problem -LRB- the CAP 's finances -RRB- on which Britain is isolated .
They are not normally allowed to own stock in financial firms -LRB- at least in the jurisdictions that I know -RRB- .
The major advantage of the scheme is that it dovetails with other reforms under development in Basel . A retail ring-fence makes most sense if coupled with new a new resolution regime , which would allow a retail subsidiary to be wound up without contagion across the group .
If efforts to produce a parallel bail-in arrangement , which allows bondholders to share the pain , are also successful , we might be within sight of a sensible and not-too-costly reform with which the market can make peace -- and which regulators would have a realistic chance of managing .
A pan-European opinion survey , which has been carried out for many years , allows us to relate the two .
Should it have been allowed to rescue the insurance giant AIG so expensively , without approval by the US Congress ?
That is why it is important to maintain some flexibility , to allow currently unregulated institutions like hedge funds and private-equity funds to be swept into the regulatory net if they become large and systemically important .
This consensus has been maintained through a long period in which exchange rates between the major Western currencies have been allowed to find their own level .
We could easily be `` stimulating '' and `` rescuing '' the economy for a rather long time , in ways that only delay the needed adjustment , before we are finally forced to allow the required creative destruction to occur .
Like Bacon , we value utility because it seems to lend credibility to the claims that science makes about the nature of the world -- science is true because it works . But , at the same time , we wo n't allow science to be reduced to practical utility , because that would destroy its intellectual status , as well as the intellectual status of scientists themselves , and would prevent science from giving explanations .
Lula recognizes that progress in this area , including labor market reform , is critical if Brazil is to grow sufficiently to allow him to carry on his ambitious social agenda .
Georgia must be weaned from humanitarian aid as soon as the situation allows it .
As things stand , it is in no one 's short-term interest , certainly not in the short-run interest of accounting firms that make more money from consulting contracts than from doing a company 's books , to allow accurate information - if it is bad - to leak into the market .
The lending allows the necessary medium - and long-term spending cuts and tax increases to be undertaken at a more appropriate time .
Or perhaps economics will remain a discipline that forgets most of what it once knew and allows itself to be continually distracted , confused , and in denial .
A Federal Reserve committed to effective price stability will likely raise interest rates rather than allow any year 's inflation rate to jump from 3 % to 6 % .
Falling interest rates in recent years pushed up real estate prices and allowed America 's upper middle class to treat their houses as enormous ATM 's , lowering savings still more .
But our chances of ensuring a more sustainable world would be higher if we had not allowed ourselves to be blinded for the past decade by the combination of the public-relations stunt known as the Kyoto Treaty and the idiocy-as-usual known as the Bush administration .
Societies that promise equality of opportunity thus can not afford to allow inequality of outcomes to become too great .
What are needed are intermediary organizations that will grant a measure of control to foreigners , allow diversification across a wider range of US-located assets , and yet still appear 100 % American to US politicians .
You can argue that the corporate executives have expertise and knowledge that allows them to commit the funds they control to higher-return projects than are available in the stock market .
But that required , at some point , allowing some bank to fail , and persuading some debt holders and counterparties that the government guarantee of support to institutions that were too big to fail was not certain .
Finally , governments should undertake additional measures to boost financial asset prices , and so make it easier for those firms that ought to be expanding and hiring to obtain finance on terms that allow them to expand and hire .
First , it allows for many savers to pool their wealth to finance large enterprises that can achieve the efficiencies of scale possible from capital-intensive modern industry .
Finally , high finance allows for portfolio diversification , so that individual investors can seek high expected returns without being forced to assume large , idiosyncratic risks of bankruptcy and poverty .
And it is also a fact that we are happier saving and accumulating if we receive positive and negative feedback on our decisions on a time scale that allows us to believe that we can do better next time by altering our strategy -- hence
· the decision was made to eschew principles-based regulation and allow the shadow banking sector to grow with respect to its leverage and its compensation schemes , in the belief that the government 's guarantee of the commercial banking system was enough to keep us out of trouble ;
· the Fed and the Treasury decided , once we were in trouble , to nationalize AIG and pay its bills rather than to support its counterparties , which allowed financiers to pretend that their strategies were fundamentally sound ;
If interest rates were allowed to fall , these extra workers would be employed building houses and making things to sell to all the people whose incomes come from the construction sector .
The `` borders '' between East and West that Ataturk largely abolished in Turkey must not be allowed to form again in the minds of a new generation .
Business leaders , such as Microsoft 's Bill Gates , have also complained about shortages of skilled workers , and have called for large increases in `` H1-B '' visas , which allow professionals to work in the US for short periods of time . How will you help American students compete globally , while ensuring a level playing field at home for talented foreign students and workers ?
But English and national languages can co-exist only if the state protects the indigenous language and citizens do not allow English to take over all prestigious domains .
Deepening democracy in turn means allowing full civic participation , including non-violent Islamic groups .
UNITAID 's patent pool for AIDS medicines , for example , allows generics producers to make cheaper versions of patented medicines by enabling patent holders to license their technology in exchange for royalties .
The entry of United Nations humanitarian personnel , has been delayed due to the government 's refusal to allow aid workers into the country without first applying for visas .
Moreover , the military leaders are dragging their feet on easing restrictions on the import of humanitarian supplies and allowing a UN assessment team into the country .
The current pro-military constitution lacks credibility because Aung San Suu Kyi , the Nobel Peace Prize laureate who has spent 12 of the past 18 years under house arrest or in prison , and other democratic and ethnic minority leaders have not been allowed to participate in the drafting process .
Although it is far from an exact precedent , the historic 1972 Shanghai Communiqué signed by China and the US , which allowed both governments to `` agree to disagree '' on many issues while committing themselves to dialogue at the highest levels , offers a promising model . This far-sighted framework 's effectiveness has been well proven over time .
Nothing that goes against the `` letter and spirit '' of the king 's dismissal of his government is allowed to be printed and broadcast , and `` action will be taken against anyone violating the notice . ''
Similarly , it generates a mentality that allows Europe to ignore the nearly 500,000 victims of Saddam 's torture and murder machinery and , motivated by the self-righteousness of the peace movement , to harangue George W. Bush as a warmonger .
Everybody may not get a chance to become rich in a capitalist system , but the system should not be perceived as rigged in ways that allow only insiders to get rich while everyone else pays the bill .
An innovative fundraising mechanism called Voluntary Solidarity Contribution will allow air travelers and others to make a voluntary micro-donation to UNITAID simply by checking a box when buying , say , a plane ticket , and adding $ 2 to the total cost .
In the 1970 's and 1980 's , West German authorities allowed psychologists and psychiatrists to interview terrorism suspects then being held in prison or awaiting trial , including members of the Red Army Faction .
But Mexico today does have interests -- including the price of oil -- and being on the Security Council allows it to defend them .
There are those who welcome what Bush has brought to the bilateral party because it will allow them to live without fear .
Three years ago , Fox wanted the `` whole enchilada '' : a temporary workers accord , more Green Cards to allow Mexicans to work in the US , legalization of immigrants already in the US , development funds for Mexican communities that send immigrants to the US , and a bilateral approach to managing the problem .
It hid economic distortions , allowing successive governments to postpone needed structural reform as it financed the status quo . Mexico was able to float along , buoyed by billions of dollars of oil revenue , without having to swim more quickly or forcefully than its competitors in the sea of emerging markets .
Over and over , we see that an analysis of the costs and benefits of altruism , along with the genetic relatedness of interactants , allows us to predict the presence or absence of altruism .
Letting one member fail would create speculative pressure on other EMU governments with weak fiscal positions or shallow domestic bond markets .
Given the increasingly close financial and economic linkages between euro-zone members , rising government debt in even one EMU country can have serious consequences for all members , because no member state will allow another to default .
The charismatic and workaholic President Uribe was allowed -- for the first time in Colombia 's modern history -- to stand for a second four-year term as an incumbent , winning outright in the first round with an absolute majority of 62 % of the popular vote .
Moreover , the Colombian Supreme Court is expected to reduce impunity further by amending the law that allows these trials to make all the paramilitaries ' assets available for compensation to their victims .
To be sure , Microsoft does provide a patch that allows old versions of Office to read the new '' . docx '' format .
They have allowed the advanced countries to drive the G-20 process .
Some will say that the fatal mistake was allowing Greece to adopt the euro in the first place .
And if its exports grow more rapidly , they can allow the renminbi to rise .
This is why European leaders swallowed hard and took their unprecedented steps .
Elimination of Glass-Steagall then allowed commercial banks to encroach on the investment banks ' other traditional preserves .
Other things being equal , deregulation allowed small investors to trade stocks more cheaply , which made them better off .
Conglomerates allow financial institutions to diversify their business , and combining with commercial banks allows investment banks to fund their operations using relatively stable deposits instead of fickle money markets .
In the short run , Merrill , like the other investment banks , was allowed to double up its bets .
In 1931 , after Britain and some two dozen other countries suspended gold convertibility and allowed their currencies to depreciate , countries that stuck to the gold standard found themselves in a deflationary vice .
Indeed , expanding the pool of potential managers beyond the children of a firm 's founders had precisely the opposite effect . It allowed the cream to rise to the top .
These are reasonable objections , but they should not be allowed to lead to unreasonable conclusions .
Under the Brady Plan , an accounting rule called FASB 15 allowed restructured loans to continue to be booked at their original face value , so long as the sum of interest and principal payments on the restructured instrument at least equaled that on the original credit .
In turn , this allows unsustainable imbalances to build up , leading to an inevitable crash .
Note the one thing on which members of both camps agree : the global savings imbalance -- low savings in the US and high savings in China and other emerging markets -- played a key role in the crisis by allowing Americans to live beyond their means .
This made sense so long as the IMF 's resources were limited , as the application process allowed the Fund to limit its liability .
Emerging Markets and Global Financial Reform BERKELEY -- It is fitting that the upcoming G-20 summit is being held in Pittsburg , an old industrial center of an advanced industrial country , for the advanced countries have been allowed to set the agenda for strengthening financial systems .
Until now , the international regime , led by the IMF and OECD , has pushed countries to allow foreign banks to enter their markets .
If anything , domestic banks with shallower pockets were more likely to cut back in the crisis .
But this observation points to what is needed : a regime that defines the conditions to be met before a country 's banks are allowed in .
Otherwise , emerging markets should be able to say that banks from that country will not be allowed to enter .
The second priority should be defining a strict emerging-market standard for regulating foreign banks after they are allowed in .
Their decision must be respected . But they can not be allowed to stop the enlargement process .
It also sets a limit on how much debt the US Treasury is allowed to issue .
A compromise would allow both parties to declare partial victory , for it would likely entail commitments to cut spending and some steps to make taxation more socially just .
They would run down their trade surpluses and , in some cases , allow their currencies to appreciate .
The first was that Russia has reestablished a `` sphere of interest '' in Europe , where countries are no longer allowed to pursue their own goals without Moscow accepting them .
In other words , Russia is being allowed to re-assert its `` sphere of influence '' -- a concept that should have been superceded by that of `` Europe Whole and Free , '' which the entire European Union appeared to have embraced when communism collapsed .
Both would have to answer a lot of difficult questions and convince others that they are able to live up to NATO 's democratic requirements before being allowed to join .
Even current EU members feel abandoned by the Union : there is a growing sense in the three Baltic Countries , Poland , and Hungary that the EU is allowing them to be squeezed by Russia , particularly on energy policy .
If this is allowed to continue , we might end up opening a Pandora 's Box , setting free the nationalistic and xenophobic ghosts of the past .
But it also helps make the world a more dangerous place by obscuring the real reasons for war , and by allowing peoples around the world to justify violence and conflict not as a means to an end , but rather as a holy mission of liberation , freedom , and the eradication of tyranny .
These `` netizens '' surmount the firewall by way of proxy servers or virtual private networks -LRB- VPNs -RRB- that allow them to browse the Web as if they were outside of China .
Twitter , which lets people send bite-size messages to large groups , allows Chinese to quickly disseminate urgent news or even uncomfortable facts . `` Twitter can create a faster information flow than any official agency , '' says Michael Anti , a journalist in Beijing who has long been at the forefront of the Chinese Internet movement .
Jonathan Zittrain , Co-Director of Harvard University 's Berkman Center for Internet and Society , has suggested that the United States , for example , could start with some basic funding for the kind of `` science and technology innovation that gave us the Internet to begin with . '' This could include potential `` game changers '' in China such as ad hoc mesh networking , which allows users to communicate with one another by hopping from one device to the next without an Internet service provider in the middle .
Post-revolutionary periods , however , allow for more variety .
Invoking RtoP , that response began with a warning and the threat of sanctions and prosecution at the International Criminal Court , and only subsequently allowed military force to protect civilians .
Coercive military action was allowed to take two forms : `` all necessary measures '' to enforce a no-fly zone , and `` all necessary measures ... to protect civilians and civilian populated areas under threat of attack . '' Boots on the ground -- `` a foreign occupation force '' -- were expressly excluded .
In the case of enforcing the no-fly zone , Resolution 1973 allows the destruction , by aircraft or missile , of any loyalist jet or helicopter that takes off , any pro-Qaddafi forces ' anti-aircraft batteries or missile-launch sites , and the disabling of any airstrip .
And , as for the wider mandate to protect civilians , the resolution allows airborne attacks to knock out tanks or troop columns advancing on Benghazi or other rebel-held towns , and -- should they exist -- concentrations of forces within those areas that pose a direct and immediate threat to Qaddafi 's opponents .
The euro zone should therefore offer the UK an honorable compromise in which Britain would be allowed to become a full member of the EMU and take a seat in all of its institutions like the European Central Bank and the ministerial Eurogroup , while also being able to keep the pound in its relations with third countries .
Instead , they are so confident that they often blame the government for not allowing the economy to grow even faster .
Whereas some policies may be criticized for being too `` administrative '' and failing to allow market forces to play a sufficient role , they may be the only effective way to deal with China 's `` administrative entities . ''
No one has proven able to eliminate bubbles in economies where markets are allowed to function .
This is good news for China 's economy , but disappointing , perhaps , to those who assumed that the government would allow the bubble to grow bigger and bigger , eventually precipitating a crash .
This will sustain , if not deepen , global disparities , especially given northern countries ' unwillingness to allow free international migration .
To secure lasting peace , the key is to develop political mechanisms that allow space for moderation and democracy .
While peak oil theorists have strong views about that , they do not allow for all the current and future technological possibilities that might increase resources .
The pressure on China is , however , entirely consistent with the broader US policy of encouraging countries to allow the financial market to determine their currencies ' exchange rate .
There is , of course , truth to the statement that a strong dollar benefits the American public , since it allows Americans to buy foreign products at a lower cost in dollars .
That uniform individual cost incentive allows total CO2 to be reduced at a lower total cost than would be achieved by a variety of administrative requirements , such as automobile mileage standards , production technology standards -LRB- e.g. , minimum renewable fuel inputs in electricity generation -RRB- , etc. .
In a cap-and-trade system , the government sets total allowable national emissions of CO2 per year and requires any firm that causes CO2 emissions to have a permit per ton of CO2 emitted .
The plan working its way through the United States Congress -LRB- the Waxman-Markey bill -RRB- would initially give away 85 % of the permits , impose a complex set of regulatory policies , and allow companies to buy CO2 offsets -LRB- e.g. , by paying for the planting of trees -RRB- instead of reducing their emissions or buying permits .
Once the Chinese are confident about their domestic growth rate , they can allow the real value of the renminbi to rise .
There are three key economic conditions -- none of which exists in Europe -- that allow the diverse US states to operate with a single currency : labor mobility , wage flexibility , and a central fiscal authority .
In retrospect , it is clear that some of the countries were allowed to join prematurely , when they still had massive budget deficits and high debt-to-GDP ratios .
One reason was that rising stock markets and higher house prices made individuals wealthier , reducing their need to save for retirement and allowing retirees to dissave more .
Rising house prices also allowed homeowners to refinance their mortgages , obtaining additional cash to spend on other things .
Corporate retained earnings have averaged about 3 % of GDP after allowing for depreciation of existing plant and equipment .
Foreign investors might therefore fear that future US administrations will be tempted to reduce the real value of that debt by allowing a higher inflation rate .
In short , Japan 's national savings still exceed its domestic investment , allowing Japan to be a net capital exporter .
It is unthinkable that the global economic system will continue indefinitely to allow the US to import more goods and services than it exports .
In June of this year , the Chinese authorities decided to allow the renminbi to appreciate at a moderate pace , as it had done between 2006 and 2008 .
Indeed , in the five months since that announcement , the Chinese government has allowed the renminbi to appreciate by 3.1 % -- not much less than the average rate of appreciation that it allowed between 2006 and 2008 .
The final component of the agreement is temporary acceleration of tax depreciation , allowing firms in 2011 to write off 100 % of capital investment immediately , in contrast to the current rule , which stipulates a 50 % immediate write-off , followed by depreciation of the remaining 50 % over the statutory life of the equipment .
The politicians prefer to postpone the inevitable by putting public money where private money will no longer go , because doing so allows creditors to maintain the fiction that the accounting value of the Greek bonds that they hold need not be reduced .
A country with a flexible currency can achieve that by allowing the exchange rate to depreciate .
A temporary leave of absence from the eurozone would allow Greece to achieve a price-level decline relative to other eurozone countries , and would make it easier to adjust the relative price level if Greek wages can not be limited .
The exchange rate was actually frozen during the financial crisis , but has been allowed to increase since the summer of 2010 .
It would also allow other Asian countries to let their currencies rise or expand their exports at the expense of Chinese producers .
Why , then , might the Chinese authorities deliberately allow the renminbi to rise more rapidly ?
Making room for increased consumer spending requires reducing the level of exports by allowing the currency to appreciate .
As a result , the Chinese will be able to allow the renminbi to rise substantially against the dollar if they want to raise its overall global value in order to decrease China 's portfolio risk and rein in inflationary pressure .
If Greece is allowed to default in the coming weeks , financial markets will indeed regard defaults by Spain and Italy as much more likely .
Two years could allow markets to see whether Spain 's banks can handle the decline of local real-estate prices , or whether mortgage defaults will lead to widespread bank failures , requiring the Spanish government to finance large deposit guarantees .
If Spain and Italy do look sound enough at the end of two years , European political leaders can allow Greece to default without fear of dangerous contagion .
To be sure , an improvement in the currently dysfunctional financial system will allow banks and other financial institutions to start lending to borrowers who want to spend but can not get credit today .
Little will be genuinely free in a future crafted by these populists : `` liberalism '' behind barricades ; `` welfare '' that denies the most needy ; `` tolerance '' that allows some to be targets ; the un-liberating leader-cults of `` noisy little men , '' their nationalisms and their narrow-mindedness , their police priorities and procrustean plans for `` integrating '' minorities .
Withdrawing from the War on Drugs GENEVA -- Switzerland 's direct democracy allows citizens who have gathered enough petition signatures to challenge government policies and laws in nationwide referenda .
But the world must not allow their freighted narratives about the past to cloud our actions to build a better future .
Above all , the European Union and its member states can not allow Russia to recapture its imperial spheres of influence without severely damaging its own central interests .
Indeed , China appears to suggest that selective modernization is possible -LRB- modernization à la carte , so to speak -RRB- , allowing states to choose to implement only those elements of modernity -- technology , economics , infrastructure , political institutions , and values -- that they like .
Before too long , Russia 's `` managed '' -LRB- read : authoritarian -RRB- modernization will also have to allow for the rule of law and a functioning separation of powers , or the country will remain dependent on oil and gas prices and mired in a brutal struggle for power , influence , and money .
But this applies similarly , if in reverse , to the West : on the one hand , the principles of a new Europe as defined by the OSCE after 1989\/1990 do n't allow decisions about alliances to be subject to the veto of a large neighbor .
Nonetheless , the challenge posed by Russia does not allow any further procrastination .
Indeed , the regime welcomed George W. Bush and his neo-con administration , because it allowed Iran 's leaders to close ranks , and at the same time delivered free access to influence in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The fiscal deficit must now be redressed resulted not just from internal financial imbalances , but also from a political system that for too long time has been in denial of reality , allowing the country to live beyond its means .
Nevertheless , the European Union can neither allow Greece to slide into national bankruptcy nor hand it over to the International Monetary Fund , since other euro-zone members -- namely , Portugal , Spain , and Italy -- would probably be next in line to be attacked by the financial markets .
The EU is about to commit a grave strategic error by allowing its report this autumn to be guided by the short-sighted domestic policy considerations of some of its important member states .
Even when times were better , Merkel 's passive political style allowed vacuums to form , which were filled by other political forces within her party .
Most ominously , the window of opportunity for a two-state solution could close for good , because realities on the ground will no longer allow it .
If the Europeans continue to look inward , allowing accountants to dominate discussions of Europe 's future , they will miss a historic opportunity -- one that will directly affect Europe 's security .
Instead , the US allowed a political vacuum to form in the absence of any movement on the part of Israel 's government .
Such a role would better protect Europe 's broader interests in the Middle East , while allowing it to remain faithful to its values .
Yes , these countries will recover at a slower pace than elsewhere , but countries that have fallen into a deep hole must work harder than those that have fallen into a shallow one .
The violent reactions last year to the caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad published in a Danish newspaper saw a confused Western response , with governments tripping over their tongues trying to explain what the media should and should not be allowed to do in the name of political satire .
US courts reasoned that it is better to allow the release of hateful sentiments than to call attention to them by showcasing them in court .
Hedge Funds : The Sting is in the Tail PHILADELPHIA -- Imagine that you are shopping for a high-performance car , but that you are not allowed to look under the hood . What 's inside is a secret .
The same logic applies to hedge funds : investors are typically not allowed to know how they work , and no warranties are offered .
? A structural budget balance rule allows deficits only to the extent that the current price of copper is below its 10-year equilibrium or output is below its long-term trend .
Let us also grant some Mediterranean countries association status that will allow them to integrate progressively into the EU 's internal market and participate in EU programs .
Yet , to a greater extent than the prizes allow , research progresses through the work of many .
The Nobel bylaws do not allow splitting a prize into more than three parts , thereby excluding discoveries that entailed work by more than three researchers , or omitting key persons who equally deserved to share in the honor .
As yet , we know very little about the mechanisms that allow us to predict the sensations caused by our own actions .
One reason for this failure is that pillar 1 of the Basel II Agreement , which outlines how banks around the world should assess credit risks and determine the size of capital buffers , makes no explicit allowance for long-swing fluctuations in asset markets .
In return for its support , political leaders like ex-president Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei have allowed the IRGC to grow into a semi-autonomous state-within-a-state .
The endowments built through these donations allow successive generations to enjoy the same opportunity for enrichment .
True , topics favored by sex-starved male geeks have been elaborated in disturbingly exquisite detail , while less alluring matters often lie fallow .
In the case of the university , this means allowing access to knowledge to students who lack the intellectual , political , or financial resources that might have enabled them to produce it for themselves .
I firmly believe that we should not allow ourselves to participate in these games , nor that we should believe that Russia 's fascist organizations do n't have anything to do with the government .
The country 's so-called `` moderate relax '' monetary policy also played its part by allowing bank lending to expand by almost 34 % in 2009 , with M2 money supply growing by 27 % .
Moreover , the level of non-performing loans in Chinese banks was quite low when Lehman Brothers collapsed , which allowed Chinese policymakers to let it increase in order to battle the crisis .
Moreover , krill fishing has recently been fueled by new technological advances such as vacuum pumps , which allow a single fishing vessel to catch and process huge amounts -- up to 120,000 metric tons per season .
So , just as judicious use of pesticides can control invasive species , a therapeutic strategy designed to maintain a stable , tolerable tumor volume could improve a patient 's prospects for survival by allowing sensitive cells to suppress the growth of resistant ones .
More broadly , to allow Kosovo 's independence would demonstrate that violent secessionism works .
Yet Putin managed simultaneously to celebrate his anti-Iraq war cooperation with Europe , have the US swallow this , and be recognized in front of his local minions as a world leader .
They are also fearful that Russia will use the energy weapon against them in the future , once the new pipeline allows the Kremlin to do so without affecting Western Europe .
While Putin 's policies could have been much worse -- it is legitimate to give him credit where it is due -- Russia should not be allowed to take the West for granted .
A communications network that allowed rapid dissemination of ideas served a common spirit .
Its results would allow the treaty to be presented in a simplified version for ratification by the nine member states that have still not done so .
Three dark possibilities exist : anarchy of the type that allowed Osama bin Laden to flourish in Afghanistan , civil wars of the sort that ravaged Algeria and Sudan , or a new Saddam-style authoritarianism .
Flexibility allows NGOs to be innovative in ways that organizations like the UN often can not .
Implementing our program of social justice and economic growth will allow wages to be doubled in the course of a year by bringing them into line with labor 's contribution to the national income , expanding workers ' rights to stand up for their interests , and increasing the minimum wage by three times .
Under the slogan of the market , the current regime has allowed depravity to flourish on television and in mass culture .
If this process is allowed to take its course , it will stimulate global growth and serve to reduce poverty .
Second , the ICC is said to have allowed itself to become a tool of national political leaders .
Yet no concrete action is taken . Lukashenko , simply , does not intend to allow even a small part of his army to become subordinated to Moscow .
But , now that a Russian-American agreement allows supply flights to Afghanistan to go through Russian airspace , it is clear that Russia sought only to monopolize the military cargo transportation routs in order to gain leverage over the United States .
So some kind of system of incentives must be devised to encourage a large portion of settlers to repatriate and to allow for the continued presence of the others in the territories while respecting Palestinian sovereignty .
What China really needs is a truly independent monetary policy oriented to domestic objectives . This would enable the PBC to manage domestic demand by allowing interest rates to rise in order to rein in credit growth and deter reckless investment .
There is some risk that appreciation of the exchange rate if greater flexibility were allowed could precipitate deflation .
Indeed , early adoption of a low inflation objective would help secure the monetary and financial stability that China needs as it allows greater exchange-rate flexibility .
We 've seen hints of a new paradigm in Apple 's iPhone , which allows gestural finger motions , but in the intelligence community , concept visualization can be so radical that most ordinary users might barely recognize what it was .
It might allow you to feel the `` form '' of a concept with your hands .
Perhaps future interfaces will allow us to communicate across language barriers by immersing us in assemblies of pictures -- a hybrid between movies , architecture and email .
Expressive icons represent thought , but can only communicate complex subtleties and situations if they allow multiple levels of understanding .
That would allow the United States and other countries to enact the necessary legislation , and provide United Nations negotiators time to translate the COP15 Declaration into an appropriate , workable legal structure .
So the industrialized countries need to put a real financing offer on the table as soon as possible to allow time for a positive reaction and announcements of commitments from developing countries . In particular , commitment to an early-start fund -- at least $ 20 billion to immediately assist the least developed countries -- is critical .
The debate about whether the US should allow Russia to have `` special interests '' in Eastern Europe -- renewed by Russia 's opposition to America 's proposed missile-defense installations in the Czech Republic and Poland -- is pointless .
Social benefits , for example , are paid only for a limited amount of time ; they are then replaced by a minimum living allowance , which represents an exclusion from society .
Putin 's geopolitical preoccupations could be accommodated by sensibly preserving state ownership of pipeline infrastructure in the hydrocarbons sector , while allowing private companies to extract , process , and sell Russia 's oil and gas .
Instead , Putin has allowed Gazprom 's management to block proposals from his own government on the long overdue unbundling of the company .
If people are to feel committed to the place where they live , they must be allowed to influence decision-making , and that influence should not depend on nationality .
In Neuchatel , many naturalized citizens , including elected local councilors , retain their foreign passports for several reasons : among European Union passport-holders , doing so allows their children to study in the EU or to work there themselves .
Among non-EU citizens , it allows them to re-settle in their parents ' or grandparents ' country if they so desire .
More private firms must be allowed to make IPOs . # 4 .
Consumer credit began in China only in the late 1990 's , with regulations allowing banks to offer mortgage loans , which now amount to about 10 % of total loans .
When Japan 's government recently decided to ignore Chinese protests and allow Taiwan 's former president , Lee Teng-hui , to visit Japan , China lashed out at its Asian neighbor , even threatening retaliation .
Under Mao , when the Chinese Communist Party sought accommodation , diplomatic recognition , and overseas development aid from Japan , Chinese were not allowed to confront their past victimization at the hands of Western and Japanese imperialism .
This changed with the advent of floating exchange rates in the early 1970 's , which allowed more stability-conscious countries , such as Germany , to decouple from a US monetary policy that they considered too inflationary .
To return to the cinema analogy : investors know that the exit is not large enough to allow them all to squeeze through at the same time . So each one want to be among the first to get out .
The yields and volatility of longer-term bonds should then fall relative to short-term securities , allowing peripheral governments to finance themselves reliably and at reasonable cost .
The key problem is simple : until 2008 , these countries enjoyed a long boom based on cheap and plentiful credit , which allowed them to finance large current-account deficits .
Labor-market liberalization would allow firms in the domestic sector to fire workers more rapidly , but would do little to encourage export-oriented firms to invest more and create more jobs , especially when the domestic banking system is under stress and can not provide new credit .
But in September 2008 , the United States government thought otherwise , and allowed Lehman Brothers to fail in order to impose market discipline .
The case of Greece has raised the simple but profound question : can a member state of the EU be allowed to fail ?
The view that member states can not be allowed to fail logically implies that a political or at least a fiscal union must underpin the euro .
No amount of money will allow European leaders to fudge this issue .
If Néstor and Cristina alternate as heads of state , they could do so indefinitely , because Argentina 's constitution allows for only one consecutive reelection but no limit on the total number of electoral terms .
Néstor and Cristina will be dealing with a parliament that is much weakened : laws passed by legislators close to the government allow the president to `` correct '' the budget and issue `` necessary and urgent '' decrees that substitute for laws .
Néstor convinced Parliament to allow him to modify the budget .
At least , that was how things were shaping up prior to the war in Iraq . Then , despite massive US pressure , Turkey 's parliament unexpectedly rejected the government 's proposal to allow US troops in Turkey to launch an invasion from Turkish territory .
Well-conducted randomized trials incorporate additional safeguards against bias , including use of placebo medication that allows investigators to blind patients and caregivers to whether patients are , or are not , receiving active treatment .
The primary studies forming the basis of these reviews come largely from the United States , where for-profit and not-for-profit providers work side by side in the same environment , and where large administrative databases allow accurate detection of death rates .
But , while these observational studies are threatened by bias from patient selection -- sicker patients mean higher death rates , for example - -- the available administrative databases document patient characteristics such as age , severity of illness , and co-morbidity , including diabetes and high blood pressure . This information allows statistical approaches that level the playing field , helping to protect against biases associated with patient selection .
The fact that so many problems persist despite tens of billions of dollars of assistance and years of effort is a sad reminder that aid can allow governments to undertake foolish investments that accomplish little , or can easily be siphoned off by corrupt officials .
For China , this means respecting and enforcing intellectual property rights , allowing non-Chinese firms to compete on an equal basis , and setting its currency at a fair level rather than one that is artificially low .
China clings to a notion of sovereignty that allows governments freedom of action within their borders .
Even the recent earthquake in Sichuan revealed how Chinese politics are changing . Cameras were allowed in ; senior officials were seen and heard .
This argues not simply for keeping nationalism in check , but for allowing greater political and religious freedom so that there are alternative sources of legitimacy and allegiance in Chinese society beyond that of economic advancement .
China needs to show respect for human rights and allow journalists to report .
It is conceivable that Iran could be allowed a symbolic `` right '' to enrich , but any enrichment program would have to be extremely small so as not to pose a strategic threat .
But reaching an accord that sets binding ceilings for what each country will be allowed to emit is not an option in Copenhagen .
It was important to moderate the competition in order to allow pressure for change to build up from within the Soviet bloc .
Terrorists can not be allowed to forever frustrate the search for peace .
The Obama administration may want to reconsider its commitment to leave and , instead , negotiate a new accord -LRB- one that would allow as many as 20,000 US troops to stay in Iraq for years to come -RRB- if and when a new Iraqi government emerges .
Pressure was already growing to introduce trade sanctions in response to China 's refusal to allow its currency to rise to a natural level against the dollar .
Troop reductions in Iraq and Afghanistan will also allow the US military to begin to recover from these two conflicts .
In the short run , doing less in Iraq and Afghanistan will allow the US to concentrate on the two most immediate external threats to US interests : Iran and North Korea .
The Muslim Brotherhood should be allowed to participate in the political process so long as it accepts the legitimacy of that process , the rule of law , and the constitution .
If so , China would have to expand its foreign exchange reserves by another $ 300-400 billion , which would allow it to finance the large expansion in the US fiscal deficit . Recent slight declines in the value of the renminbi suggest that China 's exchange rate policy may be changing following its 20 % appreciation of the currency since July 2005 .
Experience with alcohol suggests that these approaches may modestly reduce , but not eliminate , the harms associated with use , especially if sellers are allowed to promote their wares .
Indeed , the scale of any increase in marijuana use will critically depend on how tightly regulated marijuana sales are -- how many licensed growers there are , the number of sales outlets , their locations and trading hours , eligibility requirements for use , content of THC -LRB- marijuana 's psychoactive ingredient -RRB- , and how much promotion and advertising is allowed .
If marijuana were allowed to be marketed much like alcohol is now , we could expect more problem users than if it were regulated more like pharmaceutical drugs -LRB- say , by requiring users to be licensed ; restricting the number of sales locations , hours of sale , and licensed growers ; and imposing high rates of taxation on higher-THC marijuana -RRB- .
The three new agencies will not only enforce common technical standards , which may eventually become binding throughout the EU if endorsed by the European Commission , but will also be allowed to settle disputes between national supervisors .
This levy , strongly backed by those countries whose financial sectors are in tatters after the crisis , is hard to swallow for EU states that did not intervene to bail out their banks .
Paraphrasing Katherine Hepburn in the movie The African Queen , religion allows us to rise above wicked old Mother Nature , handing us a moral compass .
A railroad worker is standing next to a switch that can turn the boxcar onto a side track , killing one person , but allowing the five to survive .
You pass by a small child drowning in a shallow pond , and you are the only one around .
It adopted a sophisticated public-debt management strategy that lengthened the maturity of its liabilities and put in place the toughest banking standards in the developing world , allowing first-rate foreign banks to dominate its financial sector .
Let us go farther : Who allows young people to bathe from morning till night in blood flowing on television and movie screens , and yet are sanctimonious and astonished about the aggressiveness of the young ?
All of the world 's regions have problems -- Russia with its self-understanding ; Africa with its poverty , famine and tribal wars ; and the West with the dilemma of whether it will allow the civilization that it gave , and sometimes imposed on , this planet to destroy itself or to find in the depths of its knowledge and conscience sources of a renewed sense of responsibility for the world .
Let 's not allow ourselves to be manipulated into believing that attempts to change the `` established '' order and `` objective '' laws do not make sense .
The following day it could allow its decisions on Chechnya to be dictated by Russian President Vladimir Putin 's advisers .
Only the beginning of public trust will allow problems to be correctly diagnosed and addressed .
Tied to that sense of due process of law is a call for the Chinese leadership to allow representatives of the international community to have access to Tibet and its adjoining provinces . For these provinces have now been , for the most part , cut off from international observation ever since the protests that wracked Tibet last spring .
More importantly , they have destroyed the doctrine of `` stability '' that allowed the regimes and the West to exploit the region and provide security for Israel .
But the Kingdom remains paralyzed , still wavering on whether to allow President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who is convalescing in Riyadh from injuries sustained in a bomb attack , to return to Sana to resume his rule .
Federalism forms a final barrier to change , by allowing opposition parties to alter , dilute , and reject bills that are detrimental to their clientele .
One modification allows perceived distance to be evoked simultaneously by different behavioral responses .
To be sure , denying Milosevic the means to engage in `` ethnic cleansing '' was added as a rationale in the days after the campaign began , but the real purpose was to convince him that he had to allow NATO forces into Kosovo .
· First , American troops should be relocated from the vicinity of Mecca and Medina , not bowing to pressure but to occupy Iraq , thereby removing a source of anti-American rage , while allowing the United States to continue stabilizing the region militarily .
Difficult in varying degrees , these four moves would allow United States to retaliate forcefully without falling into the terrorists ' trap .
Having invaded an oil-rich Arab country that played no role in the terrorist attack of September 11 , 2001 , the United States has imprudently allowed itself to be sucked into its attackers ' primitive logic of collective punishment and group revenge .
As we move from a unipolar international order to one with multiple regional powers , realism should allow them to vie for influence while keeping the costs as low as possible .
Although Pakistan will publicly resist this demand , it may secretly agree to allow installation of cameras and various sensing devices in these nuclear facilitiesinstallations .
After all , what kind of faith allows putting instruments of mass murder on sale in the black market .
If we are to have a good chance of achieving that target , the concentration of CO2 must not be allowed to exceed 450 parts per million -LRB- it is now nearly 390 ppm -RRB- .
The remnants of Saddam 's army were not pursued within Iraq , allowing him to crush the popular insurrection staged in the south , and remain in power .
Too much is at stake to allow this to go on .
Too much is at stake to allow Atlantic partnership to flounder .
But since 1998 , there has been a procedure within the Treaties - called enhanced co-operation - that could allow some members to go ahead with further integration in a specific area without involving every other member .
If this perception was channeled democratically and allowed to shape Arab countries ' policies toward Israel , any peace negotiations would be even more complicated than they are now .
Al Thani 's political audacity stems partly from Qatar 's enormous gas resources , which have allowed him to develop vigorous policies in all areas , especially in foreign affairs .
Just enough allows the Taliban to melt away or change sides .
While large numbers of bank employees were laid off , Estonia 's emphasis on IT allowed it to become more competitive , with rising productivity fueling a sustained period of rapid economic growth -- 11 % in 2006 .
As long as such a `` one-pillar-approach '' is unavailable , there is no convincing reason why the ECB should change a strategy which has served it well and allowed it to establish a remarkable track record .
Instead , all Iraqis were allowed to participate in the process , and , though consensus was not ultimately reached , that , too , was a part of the democratization process .
Here again , Iraq 's immediate past history allows one to be optimistic .
But there is a more fundamental issue : the Chinese authorities , in arguing that it was a mistake to allow the yen to appreciate , may be misinterpreting what happened in Japan -- and thus overestimating the risk posed by currency appreciation .
The ensuing bubble in Japanese housing and equity prices inflated and burst not because Japan succumbed to US pressure to allow the yen to appreciate , but because Japan , in the end , resisted that pressure .
In addition , Uribe 's absence allowed Chávez to avoid responding to Colombia 's accusations that Venezuela and its ally Ecuador support the narco-Marxist FARC .
Although his presence dramatically fuelled the situation for a time , Brazilian diplomats , working with the US , were able to reach agreement with Honduran authorities to allow Manuel Zelaya to return to office .
The government allowed employment discrimination to go unchecked , leaving the majority of Roma without jobs , and communities were plunged deeper into poverty .
The Court 's decision allows this brutal and systematic violation of fundamental rights to continue .
After all , the same Chinese leaders who reject Liu 's calls for political reform argue that what Chinese citizens really want are not `` Western-style '' rights , but basic necessities -- clean water , economic opportunities , safe food -- that allow their families to prosper , and which China 's own homegrown political system can adequately protect .
Will it block leaders from changing their countries ' constitutions to allow them to seek re-election after their term limits are over ?
In Togo , President Gnassingbe Eyadema has been in power for 38 years and , just last December , amended the constitution to allow him to seek further re-election .
With the 5150 , IBM moved into mass production of a standardized commodity using components produced by other companies . `` Big Blue '' -LRB- as IBM is known -RRB- allowed other companies -LRB- notably the infant Microsoft -RRB- to develop its software .
Before 1981 , visionaries who thought about the impact of technology on society believed that the computer would allow a centralization of knowledge and power .
Hank Paulson , who came to America 's Treasury from the strongest US investment bank , Goldman Sachs , made the purgation gamble in allowing Lehman Brothers to go under . He argued that the US could not tolerate a bailout culture .
In the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , President George W. Bush advised Americans that they should not allow the trauma of the attacks to interfere with their ordinary shopping , and implied that buying had become a patriotic duty and virtue .
It began as a result of weakness in a specific sector -- residential mortgages -- after a bubble in home prices allowed many Americans to borrow massively , and often disastrously , against the putative value of their equity in order to finance purchases .
The banks themselves established what in effect were their own substitute markets , which allowed their customers and themselves to price instruments that would otherwise have been impossible to value .
It calmed markets , and Britain 's departure from the gold standard freed monetary policy from its previous constraints , and allowed a monetary stabilization .
The balanced budget thus allowed Britain to have a strong recovery , ensuring that the 1930 's were a much better decade for the British economy than the 1920 's had been .
But , in the aftermath of the financial crisis , policymakers are too pre-occupied by the real problems posed by too-big-to-fail banks , and too terrified by the potential collapse of weaker banks , to allow such a solution .
In particular , the application of digital technology , introduced after a ferocious struggle with the powerful print unions , brought substantial cost savings and allowed a new era of journalism .
The modern equivalent of the band widening of 1993 would be to maintain the euro for all members of the eurozone , but also allow some of them -LRB- in principle , all of them -RRB- to issue -- if necessary -- national currencies .
For example , freezers that require CFC 's can be freely exported from , say , Sweden , where they can no longer legally be refilled when required , to Egypt , where refilling is allowed .
Blowouts were not infrequent , but most occurred on land or in shallow water , and most could be stopped relatively easily .
After Ixtoc , the blow to the Mexican fisheries became a blessing in disguise . The dramatic reduction in fishing pressure allowed the devastated populations to recover , and five years later one had to look carefully to spot either remaining oil or damaged populations .
Most people saw the consolidation of smaller firms into fewer , large firms as a stabilizing development that rewarded success and allowed for further productive investment .
At the same time , this swap reduced troubled countries ' debt-payment obligations -- allowing them to get back on their feet .
The stability of the international financial system today depends on the willingness of countries with rigid exchange rates to allow greater flexibility .
But expanding demand and allowing real effective exchange rate appreciation in China will not be enough if other countries do not do their part .
Strauss-Kahn , a former French finance minister and contender for the Socialist nomination for the French presidency , has pushed through changes that allow the IMF to lend without conditions in some circumstances , and to give greater priority to protecting social safety nets -LRB- including unemployment benefits and healthcare systems -RRB- .
And lower interest rates over the past decade -- brought down to German levels through Greece being allowed , rather generously , into the euro zone -- led to little more than further deficits and a dangerous buildup of government debt .
The Dodd Authority allows the US government only to determine the terms of an official takeover within the US .
This expectation lowers the cost of credit for megabanks today -LRB- relative to their competitors , which are small enough that they are more likely to be allowed to fail -RRB- .
2 . A clear commitment to the global pricing of carbon that allows businesses to invest with confidence and at the scale required .
At the same time , new mechanisms are being put in place to measure and evaluate emissions , which will allow much clearer comparisons between countries .
No democratic country would allow such interventions by its military , whatever the circumstances .
We may get a better picture of China 's public health system as a result of the SARS crisis , but when it comes to the country 's political health , there is little to suggest that criticism will be tolerated or opposition allowed .
The `` Anti-Terrorism Special Measures Law '' allows the Self-Defense Forces to participate in the fight against international terrorism , although the form of participation is limited to logistical support .
Japan is thus helping to create conditions to allow mid-level powers to act jointly and effectively to provide an essential international `` public good . ''
To persuade North Korea to return to the six-party talks -- with China , Japan , the US , Russia , and South Korea -- on defusing the nuclear threat on the Korean peninsula , Japan , the US , and South Korea have now offered to expand the scope of the talks to allow North Korea to raise any issue that concerns it .
Negotiation is necessary , and it must be sufficient , but progress will be impossible if North Korea is allowed to turn its mere participation in the six-party talks into a bargaining chip .
So it should be no surprise that , as Koizumi moves toward the end of his second and final term in office , his efforts to reform the constitution to allow Japan more effectively to defend world peace are gathering pace .
These favorable and appropriate actions will allow Japan , for the first time in its postwar history , to meet the international community 's requests in a timely way .
In the South China Sea , China is developing systems to allow large-scale deployment of naval and air force units by fortifying bases on Hai Nan Island and the southern Chinese coastal area .
After the Varna City Court refused to allow the extradition , ruling that the charges were politically motivated , the Bulgarian authorities threatened to deport him .
Moreover , the court has given no explanation of why it is allowing him to be tried on the same embezzlement charge that of which he was acquitted in 2003 .
Three countries -- Pakistan , India , and North Korea -- have been allowed to develop nuclear weapons , proving that there are no remaining political or moral arguments against nuclear proliferation , only air strikes or bribery .
So is Russia , where , despite encouraging talk about innovation-based development , the economy continues to de-modernize as corruption has been allowed to metastasize , and as the country relies increasingly on its natural-resource wealth .
Some Russians fear that if China is allowed to build these projects , crowds of Chinese will flock into the country . My answer is this : if we stay where we are , like the proverbial dog in the manger , the hay -- Russia 's economy -- will rot .
Both men are likely to support the prevailing global double standard , which allows rich countries to use fiscal expansion in the face of recession , while forcing poor countries into greater austerity .
One can understand how a computer `` works '' in terms of the high-level functions of the mouse , the hard drive , and the display while not having any understanding of the mechanisms that enable a cursor to move when a mouse is moved , or allow information to be stored and erased , or control pixels on a screen .
Qaddafi can not be allowed to think that he can massacre his people with impunity .
We must not allow them to be starved into submission .
But this fluid hierarchy , an absence of written rules and organizational order , allowed the various seminaries -- and their different interpretive traditions -- to survive despotic political regimes and resist intervention by different dynasties and monarchies .
The West should learn from the example of Russian President Vladimir Putin , who did not travel to Iran until he was allowed a direct meeting with Khamenei , during which Putin is reported to have made a proposal to end the nuclear stand-off .
But reformists ask : if the Supreme Leader does not even permit the Khatami faction to have a newspaper , would he really have allowed Khatami to become president ?
Thus , initially intimidated by the post-election crisis , the regime acceded to the October 1 proposal in Geneva that would have allowed the controlled enrichment of Iran 's uranium outside the country .
They want the Supreme Leader to allow the president to issue warnings to both the parliament and the judiciary if he thinks they have overstepped their authority , thereby subordinating the Larijani brothers .
The government did not bail out the underperformers , allowing market forces to restructure the industry during the post-subsidy phase .
Weakened by the perception of allowing the West to mistreat Russia , their influence among Russia 's ruling elite disintegrated .
This will allow President Bush to avoid seeming to surrender to the threat of nuclear blackmail .
High oil prices now seem to be the only factor allowing Putin to keep the reform charade going .
Oil is Putin 's army and navy , allowing him to build and maintain the image of a strong , but also an internationalist , state .
This strong-willed monarch , while ruling the Russian empire autocratically , managed to bring stability and prosperity , allowing capitalism to take root .
Unless Ukraine 's democratic opposition is allowed to take part in the election , a new crisis is certain .
Moreover , his former position as head of the Federal Financial Monitoring Service will allow him to draw on a wealth of information to keep tabs on all possible enemies and competitors , perhaps turning them into new model Berezovsky 's , Gusinsky 's and Khodorkovsky 's , if necessary .
It has been said that presidential democracy only strengthens Russian political culture 's tendency to favor rulers with a `` strong hand , '' whereas a parliamentary system would allow for a more `` horizontal '' distribution of power .
The Bush administration 's incoherent foreign policy included a plan to build a missile defense shield in Poland and the Czech Republic , which allowed Putin to revive the Old Europe\/New Europe divisions that began with the Iraq war , with this split appearing to enhance Russian influence on the continent .
Yanukovich 's record of violence and disdain for democratic norms is too entrenched to think that , should he win , he will ever allow his position to be challenged again .
But it is not NATO 's military power that Putin 's Kremlin finds alarming ; the real threat is the alliance 's potential to `` swallow '' Moldova or Ukraine at some point .
The lesson is that we should not dream of overnight breakthroughs , or allow ourselves to fall into despair in the absence of immediate progress .
Nor can we allow the financial crisis to become a reason for neglecting other critical issues : unacceptable levels of poverty and hunger , the food crisis , climate change .
Delaying marriage and childbearing allows them to gain more education and perhaps more earning opportunities , as well as improved health , education , and labor market success for their future children -- benefits worth ten times more than the cost of providing reproductive services .
Microfinance institutions , such as Bangladesh 's Grameen Bank , play a vital role in allowing self-employed women to build profitable businesses .
If the accession process resumes and its credibility is restored this would allow Turkey to continue acting as an economic , cultural , political , and social hub in its neighborhood , benefiting the EU , the neighborhood , and itself .
What is needed , instead , is a serious debate about the conditions that will allow Turkey to fulfill its transatlantic promise .
While America 's courts allowed executions to proliferate , most of the world -LRB- 108 countries in all -RRB- moved in the opposite direction .
Taiwan should also be allowed to participate in the International Atomic Energy Agency in the area of nuclear safety , just as it became an observer at the World Health Organization during the SARS and avian flu pandemics of the 1990 's .
America 's withdrawal from Afghanistan must not be allowed to call this stability into question .
Voters chose the DPJ in order to change Japan , but they have mostly seen the same old political scandals . Hatoyama has been accused of receiving shady donations -- `` childcare allowances '' -- from his heiress mother .
Within Japan , there is growing controversy over the Hatoyama government 's push for a law that would allow particular foreign residents on the island to vote in local elections .
Indeed , it also grossly neglected to deal with an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in Miyazaki Prefecture , allowing the disease to spread out of control .
Although Ozawa retains considerable influence and so may be able to exercise his will on the DPJ , this must not be allowed to happen .
As international capital and credit markets grew and Europeans increasingly allowed capital to move freely , it became impossible for them to control their money supplies .
But nor should the EU allow Russia to reduce it to benevolent irrelevance .
The European Central Bank , of course , for allowing the euro to appreciate too much and for not cutting interest rates enough .
True , no European country worth its salt would ever allow its citizens to fall into such dire poverty that they literally could not escape from their homes in the face of a natural disaster .
But this concern and sensibility is a little too self-congratulatory , for it allows Europeans to gloss over the very real problems they now have with their own vaunted social solidarity .
Wim Duisenberg died last year , but his values , philosophy , and wisdom must not be allowed to die with him .
This allowed Germany to improve its competitive position in world markets vis-à-vis the other large euro-zone economies , where there were no productivity revolutions , silent or otherwise .
In short , Europeans will not allow Bush 's Iraq war to become a war on their welfare state .
The most important one for central bankers is that they should cut interest rates -- and cut them fast -- to re-assure market participants that turmoil in financial markets will not be allowed to affect the real economy .
A Wake-Up Call for the ECB Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke has allowed global stock markets to railroad him into a whopping 75-basis-point cut in interest rates just one week before the regularly scheduled meeting of the Fed 's decision-making Open Market Committee .
European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet would never allow this to happen to the ECB -- he manipulates markets ; markets do n't manipulate him .
`` Société Générale will remain a great French bank , '' Prime Minister Francois Fillon has said . `` The government will not allow it to be the target of hostile raids by other banks . ''
It would decisively split Europe by allowing the big countries and their satellites to go their own way .
Governments who allow their political muscles to atrophy can not cope with such issues .
So he will not allow government largesse to become excessive and thus risk a negative reaction in the financial markets .
In exchange , North Korea promised to allow access to its facilities for inspections , while also dropping its opposition to Japanese and South Korean participation in inspections .
The overthrown Tunisian dictator must now regret that his security forces did not arrest Bouazizi and lock him up , rather than allow his public self-immolation .
Unlike former President Bill Clinton , who blamed Yassir Arafat for the failure of the Camp David talks in 2000 , the Bush administration must honor its commitment not to point fingers or allow either side to use failure to advance its strategic goals .
The last time that Israeli elections were so obviously affected by violence was in 1996 , when polling results shifted wildly in the run-up to the vote , finally allowing Netanyahu a razor-thin win over acting Prime Minister Shimon Peres .
Attempts at obfuscation -- whether by talking about an `` economic peace , '' or insisting that Arabs recognize the Jewishness of the state of Israel -- should not be allowed to derail the goal of ending the inadmissible occupation .
Under the leadership of US General Keith Dayton -LRB- Mitchell 's security deputy -RRB- , the most vigorous security checks can be made to allow such travel .
Its just concluded sixth congress was held for the first time in the occupied territories , which meant that former guerrillas from Lebanon and Jordan were allowed entry by Israel .
Palestinian refugees in exile and other Palestinians living in the diaspora were not allowed to vote .
East Jerusalem Palestinians were allowed to vote only at the post office or at booths outside the city limits .
Previous talks have included an allowance for land exchanges , which would permit Israel to keep many large settlement blocks by giving land inside Israel to the Palestinians .
These `` proximity talks '' allow Mitchell to ensure that each side is making serious offers .
Indeed , the task that Abbas faces will become impossible if the Israeli policy of `` targeted killings '' is allowed to continue while Palestinian leaders are working seriously to put an end to acts of violence against Israelis .
So please do n't allow yourself to be drawn into pandering to Israel 's radicals and hawks .
In their eyes , the current process produced years of inaction in negotiations , allowing for continued occupation and theft of Palestinian lands .
While no state-run TV station had live current affairs programs ten years ago , now even stations from some of the most dictatorial regimes are forced to raise their level and allow live interviews .
He can allow himself to be wooed back by his former party , the United Malays National Organization -LRB- UMNO -RRB- , the National Front 's leading member .
Arguably , being inside UMNO and the government would allow Anwar to better institute the reforms he has so ardently advocated .
Political restrictions on Anwar , however , end next month , and an MP from his Justice Party -- probably his wife -- is expected to step aside to allow him to run in a by-election .
All this changes now that the National Front no longer has a two-thirds majority -- which had allowed it to amend the constitution 40 times in 50 years .
Unglamorous interventions like de-worming would allow children to be better nourished ; lowering the cost of schooling would see children and nations benefit .
At the same time , room has been made for Gamal to build a public profile of his own through his senior role in the ruling party , and a constitutional framework has been put in place that will allow him to be elected in multi-candidate elections , thus establishing a façade of republican legitimacy .
But Ellwanger 's appeal , which took almost a year for Brazil 's Supreme Court to hear and decide , put Brazil squarely on the side of those who believe that inciting hatred against even a small minority - such as Jews in Brazil - can not be allowed in the name of freedom of speech .
People there want to see an end to the safe havens that allow corrupt officials to steal public money and stash it abroad .
Credible measures that deliver and anchor savings in the medium term will help create space to accommodate growth today -- by allowing a slower pace of consolidation .
As long as US interest rates were high , Japanese interest rates remained fairly positive , allowing the BOJ to moderate the effects of the yen 's appreciation by easing domestic monetary policy .
It was only in 1995-96 that the US eased its position and allowed the yen to depreciate against the dollar .
At the same time , it has allowed farmers across China to fall victim to an epidemic of illegal land grabs by local governments and developers .
It allows food to travel from lands of plenty to lands of little .
It allows countries that can produce food efficiently to ship it to those which face resource limitations that hinder food production .
For example , access to international food supplies allowed Saudi Arabia to abandon its 30-year program of subsidies for domestic wheat production .
Most people are surprised to learn how shallow international grain markets truly are .
So the question is : which alternative policies could allow them to meet this goal ?
In addition , the government forged policies for the poor with non-contributory income transfers and family allowances , which benefited minors and female who are heads of household . Public education was boosted by bigger expenditure and a `` one laptop per child '' program .
As a result , the Czech and Polish governments were unable to answer fundamental questions about the costs and benefits of the deployment for Polish and Czech national security . This allowed skeptics and opponents of missile defense to gain the upper hand in the internal debates in both countries .
In late April , the coalition headed by Yanukovych railroaded through parliament a 25-year extension of the agreement , due to expire in 2017 , that allows Russia to base its Black Sea Fleet in Sevastopol in Crimea .
Its one-to-one peg to the dollar impeded the rapid recovery in output that its neighbors ' flexible arrangements allowed .
The same basic idea of allowing the state to distribute gas revenues , although with different intended purposes , is found in their programs .
But caudillos have other uses for conflict : it allows them to strengthen the unity of their popular bases and evade the management responsibilities that exercising political power entails .
Fisheries policy is designed to allow small fish to grow .
For example , the avowed intention of the EU Common Fisheries Policy is `` to protect fish resources by regulating the amount of fish taken from the sea , by allowing young fish to reproduce , and by ensuring that measures are respected . ''
But what is needed is a deeper and more global perspective than either side allows .
The 1949 communist takeover in China , the Cold War , America 's adoption of Japan as its pampered protégé , and the failure to prosecute Emperor Hirohito for war crimes , allowed Japan to avoid a moral reckoning .
The lawyer agreed to represent him . But when he was subsequently detained in a psychiatric hospital , the Russian government refused to allow the lawyer access to his client .
Bureaucrats must not be allowed to spend the huge donations collected and state relief funds allotted in an arbitrary manner .
Even more surprisingly , the government , under the pressure of public opinion , has allowed Bing Dian to resume publication .
These countries all had strong external balance sheets and ample room for fiscal maneuver before the crisis , which allowed them to apply countercyclical policies to combat external shocks .
Pursuing its comparative advantage strengthens a country 's resilience to crisis and allows for the rapid accumulation of human and physical capital .
As they pursue growth opportunities abroad and are encouraged by improved polices at home , emerging-market corporations will play an increasingly prominent role in global business and cross-border investment , while large pools of capital within their borders will allow emerging economies to become key players in financial markets .
Rapid and effective isolation of infected cases , together with efficient tracing and monitoring of the contacts made by those infected with SARS , allowed public health officials in Hong Kong , Toronto , Singapore , and Vietnam to contain the epidemic .
For example , the fanatical Red Guard movement swallowed up almost every youth of the right age .
Yet no one should forget that on July 1 , 2003 , over 500,000 people protested because the government refused to allow more time to discuss proposed national security legislation .
Furthermore , new coal-fired power plants may no longer be allowed on either side of the border , necessitating greater use of natural gas and renewable energy sources .
This will allow for a greater degree of substantive representation of issues and policies that are important to women , whose interests are often inadequately represented by overwhelmingly male legislatures .
The book also allows readers to set their own priorities : leading economists sketch out solutions and provide cost-benefit ratios so that different policy options can be compared side-by-side , and the best ones identified and prioritized .
Increasingly , alarmists claim that we should not be allowed to hear such facts .
Having more open economies allows more trade in innovation , so that new companies can almost instantly use smart ideas from around the globe .
But most serious scientists also allow that global warming is only part of the explanation .
Another part is that the so-called Arctic Oscillation of wind patterns over the Arctic Ocean is now in a state that it does not allow build-up of old ice , but immediately flushes most ice into the North Atlantic .
The climate threat is so great -- and democracies are doing so little about it -- that people conclude that maybe democracy is part of the problem , and that perhaps people ought not to be allowed to express heterodox opinions on such an important topic .
Even if we set aside its masses of pork-barrel spending , and analyses that show it may allow more emissions in the US for the first decades , there are more fundamental problems with this legislation .
Atmospheric greenhouse gases allow sunlight to pass through but absorb heat and radiate some down to the earth 's surface .
Adaptation could allow for higher carbon emissions in another way : reducing the damage and harm that we experience from global warming , giving us more time to implement alternatives to reliance on fossil fuels .
Over time , they argue , the tax should be allowed to rise slowly to encourage the deployment of effective , affordable technology alternatives .
Participation in a common financial market should not be allowed for free riders who refuse to share information .
Too often , special interests are allowed to overrule common European interests .
The Great Organ Bazaar LUND , SWEDEN -- The Web site 88DB . com Philippines is an active online portal that allows service providers and consumers to find and interact with each other .
The problem is that the global economic crisis has led even advanced Western states to question the wisdom of allowing the political civilization of human rights to interfere with the quest to restore economic growth .
No one cares whether they are humiliated or crushed under foot -LRB- as the seeds were allowed to be at the exhibition 's opening -RRB- .
Either way , the outside world must not be allowed to have any idea as to what fate awaits Ai .
But Ai never allowed himself to be hired as an official regime hack .
Africa 's people must be allowed to gain confidence , dignity , and a sense of self-worth .
These businesses would not be allowed to exist otherwise .
And so , as Muslims were intellectually regressing , Europeans began their renaissance , developing improved ways of meeting their needs , including the manufacture of weapons that eventually allowed them to dominate the world .
In a remarkable development , Chinese language and culture , which had been suppressed for decades , is allowed free expression .
By contrast , imagine Turkey , a more advanced member state of the Organization of the Islamic Conference , allowing free expression of Kurdish language and culture .
Many senior Americans were puzzled that Turkey , a long-standing NATO ally and a secular state , refused to allow American forces to use Turkey as a base to invade Iraq .
It is a tragedy that ignorance of how much Indonesia has changed is being allowed to endanger its democratic development -- and its role as a beacon of freedom and hope in the Islamic world .
The tragedy of such thinking is that it does not allow for any moral and political complexity or nuance , yet that is exactly what will be needed if the many problems surrounding Iran are to be resolved .
These divisions will allow new forces to emerge in Iranian society . So all means should be found to reach out to Iranian society at all levels .
Seeking to pre-empt American action , Egypt backed a counter-proposal , the Alexandria Declaration , at an Arab League summit last May , and followed this with President Hosni Mubarak 's recent announcement that he will allow opposition candidates to challenge him for the presidency .
Why do local politicians , tree lovers all , allow yet more forest destruction ?
I was , in fact , more preoccupied with the `` gray zone '' in which I saw a kind of rainbow zone of truth , allowing me to search beyond undifferentiated darkness for individual features , and thus to introduce in the apparent uniformity of the extreme situation unsettling nuances .
The few trips I was allowed to take as a citizen of Socialist Romania did , of course , have moments of rapture for me , novice that I was .
They are imprisoned for their Stalinist allegiance ; when they are finally allowed to return to Italy , their old comrades refuse to accept them .
Hindu religious law , for example , allows a woman to claim an equal share in her parents ' wealth , but few exercise this right .
For example , while the Koran allows for a measure of female inheritance , tribal custom does not authorize it , which explains the popularity of tribal councils to resolve inheritance problems and cheat women out of their rights .
This is especially true for those who have lived in Iran , a totally Muslim environment that allows women the freedom to study and work as well as access to adequate healthcare and family planning .
ANN ARBOR -- The quality of refereeing at the World Cup had been a source of relief until June 18 , when referee Koman Coulibaly of Mali disallowed a perfectly legitimate goal by the United States that would have given it an all-important win over Slovenia .
I have studied policies of the type proposed by Bagehot in a way that allows me to compare them with deposit insurance schemes .
Unfortunately , the DPJ scrapped an LDP-sponsored civil-service reform bill , which would have allowed the DPJ to replace mandarins with an army of political appointees .
Fading memories of past experiences allow new memories to bloom , much as decaying leaves allow for new growth .
To accept de Gaulle 's offer , these leaders had to agree , among other things , to allow the stationing of French troops on their territory , provide France with a steady supply of raw materials at pre-determined prices , assume all colonial-era debts incurred by France , maintain the CFA Franc as their common currency , and grant the French Treasury veto authority over their sub-regional central banks .
The convertibility of the country 's currency , the CFA franc , allows these companies to transfer freely all their earnings back to France .
There is hope that the popular protests of June will help bring Wade to his senses and allow the Senegalese to continue choosing their governments through transparent elections .
Partnerships with foreign companies were designed to allow local businesses to benefit from technology transfer and training , while creating the most favorable conditions for local producers to add value to domestic production and exports .
Easy access to oil wealth only allows their cynical frivolity to continue .
After all , the West is now paying a high price for allowing the ordinary people of the Middle East to live for so long in hopeless squalor while their rulers wallowed in oil wealth .
But we must guard against the re-emergence of significant imbalances , which means , in part , assuring the exchange-rate flexibility that must play a critical role in allowing needed economic adjustments to occur .
Most laws adopted in Brussels allow a grace period -- generally about two years -- for member states to act .
Sensors that convert light waves into electronic signals eliminated the need for film on space telescopes , while computer chip technology -LRB- integrated circuits -RRB- allowed communication satellites to be operated without periodic human repair .
While the Nice Treaty does not permit re-structuring the Governing Council , it does allow for change in the voting rule that the Council uses .
I devised an experiment that allows us to look at whether national loyalties played a role in ECB policy since the euro 's inception .
This may help , it but wo n't address the real issue : how could regulators have allowed this problem to recur after so much bitter experience , and why should they now be allowed to investigate themselves ?
The nub of the anti-depressant crisis is not that these drugs could do so much harm , but that they were allowed to do so when the precedents were so plain .
Drivers now allow pedestrians to cross the street , as in Geneva or Munich -LRB- while in Moscow people must still dash aside from onrushing cars impervious to pedestrian safety -RRB- .
Khrushchev 's speech also ignited the feud between Mao 's China and the USSR , for it allowed Mao to claim the crown of world revolutionary leadership .
A decisive pro-women strategy would thus create new momentum for Europe , allowing it to compete with the United States and Asia .
This system , which allows organs to be harvested also from refusers who have failed to express their refusal , has not increased trust in medicine , either .
As the organ crisis continued to deepen , we allowed donations from the living .
They did not allow certain forms of coercion to interfere with the donor 's consent . Nor were they overly fastidious about clandestine commercial ties .
By that time , we had already become aware that interests in organ commerce were constantly intensifying , and that those in need of organs or money were increasingly likely to turn to the black market or seek a legal loophole that would allow them to conceal the commercial transaction behind some legitimate gesture .
France , in turn , had to swallow the Stability and Growth Pact to convince a reluctant German public that the euro would be as stable as the Deutsche Mark .
To allow them to win would be to accept the supremacy of evil .
At the same time , the $ 2 billion oil pipeline that China is seeking to build from Burma 's southern coast to China 's Yunnan province will allow China to get Middle East oil to its southern provinces more easily and securely .
We may never know the exact number of casualties during the last phase of the conflict , because the government did not allow international organizations or media into the area .
The annual Ibrahim Index of African Governance tracks government performance across sub-Saharan Africa , providing a tool that allows citizens and civil-society groups to monitor their governments ' progress .
The argument should instead be focused on how to get the most effective results out of aid , both for the recipients and for a donor country 's tax-payers . Aid , I believe , is best focused on infrastructure -- the bridges , roads , Internet cables , and power stations that will help our economies to grow and allow us to trade more easily with each other .
But those problems should not be allowed to obscure the continent 's many success stories -- much less to be defined as Africa 's alone .
Bronek was proud of Poland 's stubborn will to freedom , its achievements , the democratic transformation which , thanks to the compromise reached at the Round Table negotiations , allowed for a bloodless end to dictatorship . He was proud of Poland 's membership in NATO and the European Union , of Polish economic successes .
But the key point is that no reckless exposure would be possible in a system where shareholders and creditors knew that they would not be bailed out , and supervisors were not allowed to gamble on resurrection of their supervised entities , but rather were obliged to call them to account as soon as they started misbehaving .
If doctors , computer specialists , or engineers -LRB- let alone the proverbial Polish plumbers ! -RRB- were allowed to move freely , the concentration of talent in the richest countries would most likely increase .
In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries -LRB- in the football sense -RRB- to capture some of the benefits of today 's higher-quality game , thereby partly reversing the `` leg drain . ''
The Web site of the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs has a comprehensive database that shows how many trucks , containing different kinds of supplies , have been allowed in by the Israeli authorities .
Shortages of schools and teachers have pushed class sizes to 50 or 60 , and the school day is restricted to a few hours to allow for two or even three shifts .
Addressing them successfully would allow the country to generate the savings needed to meet its huge looming public-investment requirements : expansion of productive infrastructure -LRB- roads , ports , and airports -RRB- in order to remove severe bottlenecks to faster non-inflationary growth ; unprecedentedly large planned investment in oil exploration and electricity generation ; and forthcoming international sporting events -LRB- the World Cup and the Olympic Games -RRB- that Brazil will host in the next few years .
Globalization must not be allowed to blind us .
The urban intelligentsia and professionals have been pampered with material perks and political recognition , while new private entrepreneurs have been allowed to join the Party .
Citizens in a democracy would never allow their government to have an automatic right of forced entry into their homes on the off-chance of finding stolen goods , so why should the state have an automatic right of forced entry into bank accounts on the off-chance of finding a few tax evaders or criminals ?
Of course , the Nehru family name still commands loyalty among India 's masses , but that is a shallow political foundation in a democracy .
Policies such as tax benefits for large families , child allowances , and subsidized day care and meals -- all of which reduce the cost of raising children -- may be attractive in the short term . But they have a negative impact on income in the long run because they encourage households to increase fertility rates .
But in the 1950s and 1960s , before the introduction of generous child allowances to large families , fertility rates among the same group were significantly lower -- just three children per woman .
Education gives people the skills to earn a living , to innovate , to invent , and to access culture -- all of which allows them to live more fulfilling lives .
Our goal is to facilitate the spread of good policy and practice , allowing countries to learn from a variety of approaches and to understand which ones might work in their own context .
The dilemma concerning Iran is whether a power imbued with an `` absolute '' ideology can be allowed to be in control of an `` absolute '' weapon .
He did not mellow , but was swallowed by history 's zeitgeist .
It allows you to project yourself into the future , to fulfill or even transcend your capabilities .
Daily violence should not be allowed to hide deeper strategic realities : victory was around the corner , and soon , the world -- despite all the anti-Bush propaganda -- would recognize it .
But democracy is also the best remedy against overconfidence , because it allows ordinary people to decide whether their leaders are behaving arrogantly or responsibly .
Sarkozy misjudged the balance of power between France and China , and France came out of that diplomatic episode badly bruised , with its president swallowing his human rights claims and bending to the diktat of realpolitik .
The cost of non-intervention , of allowing Qaddafi to crush his own people , and of thus signaling to the world 's despots that a campaign of domestic terror is acceptable , is far more menacing .
According to the school of rational criticism , when existing theories can neither explain nor solve current problems , the formulation of new hypotheses -- and thus new scientific knowledge -- is , like innovation , more likely to flourish when constructive criticism is openly allowed and encouraged .
Given these governments ' complex strategies for regulating what their citizens do online -- ranging from establishing effective control of private media and telecoms businesses to allowing people to blow off steam without going too far -- we should be more realistic about the true extent of the Internet 's transformational potential .
To spur investment , new measures have been undertaken to allow foreign banks to enter the Iranian financial system .
Turkey 's government even allowed Turkish exporters to bill in Iranian rials .
But , in order to secure public support , Assad 's government has allowed for greater domestic consumption , so foreign imports are rising fast .
Perhaps realizing that an entertained and distracted populace is less likely to complain about public policy , the Party has allowed entertainment programming to follow the Western model , lessening the need for micro-managed censorship .
This conveniently allows the authorities to control news programming with an iron hand while relegating the bulk of programming to a looser and less labor-intensive monitoring system .
If developing countries are allowed to grow , and there is no corresponding mitigation of the growth in their carbon emissions , average per capita CO2 emissions around the world will nearly double in the next 50 years , to roughly four times the safe level , regardless of what advanced countries do .
While such targets should be self-imposed by advanced countries , they should be allowed to fulfill their obligations , at least in part , by paying to reduce emissions in developing countries -LRB- where such efforts may yield greater benefits -RRB- .
A crucial corollary of this strategy is large-scale technology transfer to developing countries , allowing them both to grow and to curtail their emissions .
The advanced countries will be asked to reduce their CO2 emissions at a substantial rate , while emissions in developing countries can rise to allow for rapid , catch-up economic growth .
But an advanced country could also undertake mitigation efforts in the developing world and thus earn additional credits equal to the full value of its mitigation efforts -LRB- thus allowing more emissions at home -RRB- .
Conflict between advanced and developing countries over responsibility for mitigating carbon emissions should not be allowed to undermine prospects for a global agreement .
They are akin to language requirements -- except that the language here is a civic , not a national one , which in the best case allows new citizens to voice their concerns with perfect political grammar .
A member of the euro zone can not be expelled under current rules , allowing countries like Greece to lie , manipulate , blackmail , and collect more and more EU funds .
Modern associations allow for participation without absorption . I am a husband and father , a Buddhist , a jazz aficionado , a molecular biologist , a marksman , and a reader of modernist fiction .
A look at the historical experience of the Jews shows that while most Jews were mired in poverty at the beginning of the twentieth century , over time they tended to do disproportionately well in societies that allowed them to compete on an equal basis .
However , Mousavi will face many obstacles in the months leading up to the June 12 vote , and he will succeed only if allowed to by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Angola , Malawi , Mozambique , and Zambia owe an average of 150 % of their GDP , and servicing the debt swallows billions of dollars annually .
So we gave a press conference -- all the opposition parties together -- the day before the vote , demanding that the government release our party workers and allow people to vote freely .
Those held simply because they do not support the government must be freed and allowed to participate in the democratic process .
In the wake of Milosevic 's death , Karadzic and Mladic should be brought before the ICTY , both to reinforce its work and to demonstrate to their victims that the international community is resolved not to allow their suffering to be forgotten .
Goldstone included in his report a detailed discussion of Hamas 's seizure of the Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit and its refusal even to allow the International Committee of the Red Cross to see him .
China 's government has apparently begun to appreciate the limitations of cover-ups and stonewalling , and perhaps also the merits of allowing some room for free speech .
This means that the pro-Kremlin bloc probably attained the two-thirds majority needed to change the constitution , which would allow it to grant Putin a third four-year term , although Putin himself ruled this out last June .
Russia 's Constitution does not allow for a `` technical presidency . ''
They were , at that stage , much smaller and had an elongated shape that allowed them to slip between other cells .
The reason that such pseudo-science has prevailed in so many American schools is directly related to America 's tremendously decentralized school system , which allows committed local groups of the religious-minded to reshape the curriculum .
The dilemma must be overcome by allowing curiosity to be protected and supported , while trying to capture those of its fruits that will benefit society .
The Kibaki government should be acknowledged for gracefully conceding defeat , but true credit goes to the Kenyan public for its unwillingness to allow the authorities to dispense with the rule of law .
Joint action on nuclear-threat reduction must be a critical element in moving the Euro-Atlantic nations toward a level of stability and strength and allow them to exercise badly needed global leadership .
Governments must create the right policy environment to allow for appropriate investments in research and development to enhance productivity and increase production .
As a result , yields are generally too low to allow the millions of rural households to generate marketable surpluses .
It can be addressed only when Europeans take stock of the way the world is changing , decide that allowing others to determine the future world order is less than optimal , and develop the attitudes and behaviors of a post-American Europe .
The message : girls could be tough , and boys were allowed not to be .
That lawyer , Elizabeth Gilson , probably knows al-Hanashi 's state of mind before he died , but the US government will not allow her to talk about it .
Finally , the information revolution provides inexpensive means of communication and organization that allow groups once restricted to local and national police jurisdictions to become global .
They urge strengthening the non-proliferation regime through more intrusive inspections , and negotiation of arrangements for internationally guaranteed access to nuclear enrichment and reprocessing services , rather than allowing countries to construct them for themselves .
Regarding preventive use of force , traditional interpretations of Article 51 of the UN Charter -LRB- which provides a right of self-defense -RRB- allow a threatened state to take pre-emptive action in the face of imminent attack , but not to use force preventively against longer term threats .
The Panel would broaden that interpretation to allow the preventive use of force in some instances , but only if approved by the Security Council .
The information revolution has also helped terrorists , providing inexpensive means of communication and organization that allow groups once restricted to local and national police jurisdictions to become global .
Egypt has amended its constitution to allow it presidential election to be contested .
The Bush administration may be correct in arguing that the extremely high costs and risks of promoting democracy are less than the costs and risks of allowing the authoritarian status quo in the Middle east to persist indefinitely .
While culture provides some soft power , domestic policies and values set limits , particularly in China , where the Communist Party fears allowing too much intellectual freedom and resists outside influences .
Taming North Korea The fires of the Middle East must not be allowed to distract the world 's attention from the threat posed by North Korea 's nuclear ambitions , which it demonstrated by its recent test of a long-range missile .
Moreover , in the wrangling over the UN resolution , China threatened a veto if there were any references to Chapter VII of the Charter , which allows enforcement .
Knowing that China will not allow sanctions to cut too deeply , Kim is unlikely to give up his nuclear ace .
Bush has allowed his representative to the six-party talks to meet separately with the North Koreans within the six-party framework , but he failed to provide adequate incentives .
While the Riga summit relaxed some of these caveats to allow assistance to allies in dire circumstances , Britain , Canada , the Netherlands , and the US are doing most of the fighting in southern Afghanistan , while French , German , and Italian troops are deployed in the quieter north .
But the Bush administration failed to control rioting , disbanded the Iraqi army , and allowed the security situation to deteriorate .
With increasing change in China and growing economic and social contacts across the strait , it should be possible to find a formula that allows the Taiwanese to maintain their market economy and democratic system without a placard at the UN .
Thus far , the US has tried to allow for this evolution by stressing two bright lines : no independence for Taiwan and no use of force by China .
On the other hand , soft power allows followers more choice and leeway than hard power does , because their views and choices matter more .
Hard power has not become irrelevant , but leaders must develop the contextual intelligence that allows them to combine hard and soft power resources into a `` smart power '' strategy .
Rather , it increases the prospects of corrupt leakage that may allow terrorist groups access to nuclear weapons .
For example , carbon sequestration allows the capture and storage of carbon in underground geological formations and deep oceans . Thus , less CO2 gets released into the atmosphere .
Given the unattractiveness of choosing between a pre-emptive attack on Iran or allowing Iranian nuclear weapons to destabilize the Gulf region , Obama has pledged to conduct a broad diplomatic dialogue with Iran without the preconditions that hampered Bush .
Somalia said the principle of national self-determination should allow Somalis in northeastern Kenya -LRB- and in the southern Ethiopia -RRB- to secede , because they were one Somali nation .
In situations where groups have difficulties living together , it may be possible to allow a degree of autonomy in the determination of internal affairs .
Internal self-determination could allow degrees of cultural , economic , and political autonomy similar to that which exists in countries like Switzerland or Belgium .
Equally important is the contextual intelligence that allows a leader to vary the mix of these skills in different situations to produce the successful combinations that I call `` smart power . ''
The greatest democratic politicians have a large capacity for shallow friendships .
This is particularly true in Great Britain , where a number of members of Parliament have used their housing allowances to enhance their income , sometimes legally and sometimes not .
But , whatever the failures of particular British legislators , the issues go further than merely allowing voters to `` throw the rascals out . '' There is also a question of how successful leadership is taught and learned in a democracy .
In 1996 , the Clinton-Hashimoto Declaration stated that the US-Japan security alliance was the foundation for stability that would allow growing prosperity in post-Cold War East Asia .
He ensured that actions such as the famous 1930 salt march to the sea maintained a slow pace that allowed the drama and tension to build .
As a result , South Korea is beginning to design a foreign policy that will allow it to play a larger role in the international institutions and networks that will be essential to global governance .
The third generation arose from tactics developed by the Germans to break the stalemate of trench warfare in 1918 , which Germany perfected in the Blitzkrieg tactics that allowed it to defeat larger French and British tank forces in the conquest of France in 1940 .
A well-ordered modern state is defined by a monopoly on the legitimate use of force , which allows domestic markets to operate .
Just before the recent G-20 meeting in Toronto , China announced a formula that would allow modest renminbi appreciation , but some American Congressmen remain unconvinced , and threaten to increase tariffs on Chinese goods .
Qatar , a small peninsula off the coast of Saudi Arabia , allowed its territory to be used as the US military headquarters in the invasion of Iraq , while at the same time sponsoring Al Jazeera , the most popular television station in the region , which was highly critical of American actions .
A well-ordered modern state is one that holds a monopoly on the legitimate use of force , and that allows domestic markets to operate .
As a first step toward convening a second poll , Cowen has sought EU-wide agreement that , rather than reducing the size of the Commission , the provision of the Lisbon Treaty that allows for a `` one member state , one commissioner '' rule will be enacted , allowing Ireland to retain a permanent place .
The reform should also allow for a mechanism for countries to exchange their current dollar -LRB- and euro , yen , and pound -RRB- assets for SDRs , thus avoiding the disruptions that could be generated by the transition to the new system .
Some proposals would resolve the first of these paradoxes by allowing countries to use the World Trade Organization 's dispute-resolution mechanism in cases of exchange-rate manipulation .
This does not mean , of course , that China should take no action to correct the undervaluation of its currency , though some recognition should be given to the way in which it is already contributing to solving this problem by allowing domestic wages to rise .
Actually , this would imply a return to the IMF 's founding principle : it is in the best interest of all members to allow countries to pursue their own full-employment macroeconomic policies , even if this requires regulating capital flows .
This is why capital-account regulations are allowed under IMF rules , and why the attempt to introduce capital-account convertibility into the IMF 's Articles of Agreement was defeated in 1997 .
This type of correction would also allow emerging markets to pursue more restrictive monetary policies , which they now need , given their greater macroeconomic strength .
The short-term consequences of using landfills , shallow pits , or incinerators to get rid of e-waste is the release of these noxious chemicals , which adversely impact ecological processes , wildlife , and human health .
But by selling to Chinese hospitals first , Neusoft built up a customer base that will allow it to challenge the existing medical electronics industry worldwide , just as Honda and Toyota challenged the worldwide auto industry in the 1970s .
Those that were still operating were given stringent profitability targets , were allowed to choose the people they hired , and were encouraged to raise money on private stock exchanges , which effectively propelled them into the private sector as `` red chip '' corporations .
I wasted no time in asking the Israeli authorities for permission to travel to Europe . But I was told that only patients in need of emergency medical evacuation would be allowed out -- not students .
In June , after the United States pressured Israel to allow Fulbright scholarship winners to leave the Gaza Strip , the Israeli military announced that it would grant exit permits for a few more students with `` recognized '' scholarships -- but not `` hundreds . ''
I am sure to be one of the many who will not be allowed to leave .
And , given its past performance , it is unlikely that the PDP will allow for a new and cleaner vote .
Some PDP politicians in the Muslim north insisted that their region be allowed to present a candidate , as Obasanjo , who was viewed as representing the Christian south , had served eight years . They were rebuffed .
This may only partly appease Russia 's displeasure at being reduced to second-class status in its own backyard , but will allow Russia to address its own self-defined strategic interests .
For the euro to help lift European growth and productivity in any significant way , governments must allow -- indeed , encourage -- stronger competitive forces across the EMU area .
It would be better if the ECB and the EU finance ministers adopted a common position ahead of G-7 meetings , then allowed their joint view to be represented by a single Council representative and the ECB 's president .
Clearly , therefore , we need to devise a system of membership for key international organizations that ensures that their structures are relevant but that is also flexible enough to allow members to come and go .
Appeasing Serbia This month has been a bad one for the cause of human rights in Europe , as Serbia was allowed to begin its six-month presidency of the Council of Europe , the Continent 's oldest political body .
The EU is understandably eager to support a pro-European government in Serbia , for this might pave the way for Serbia to swallow the prospect of Kosovo 's independence .
In December 2006 , NATO allowed Serbia to join its Partnership for Peace , even though there were still war criminals at large in the country .
At times , this triumvirate acts to reinforce the EU 's external influence . This happened when the British , French , and German foreign ministers journeyed to Iran last autumn , where they forged an agreement that would allow for international inspection of Iran 's nuclear facilities .
A suitable model for the ESC might be the UN Security Council , which allows concerted or joint action should agreement exist amongst its members .
Representation of other EU member states in the ESC must take into account their population , economy , and military clout , which would allow an appropriate role and standing to such countries as Italy , Spain , and Poland .
The Foreign Minister and the European Security Council must be allowed to use all available European leverage to the fullest .
Learning the lessons of the decision to invade Iraq , democracies should not allow personal obsessions , fantasies , and dogmas to contaminate the foreign policy-making process .
They have , however , helped support China 's economy by allowing Americans to run up consumer debt by buying more Chinese goods than they rightfully need .
When Turkey 's parliament voted in March 2003 against allowing American troops to open a northern front against Iraq , Turkey 's traditional strategic partnership with the United States ended .
They erred gravely in allowing Jewish settlers to have their way on the Biblical mountaintops , while Middle Israel looked the other way .
She will not allow the repatriation of Palestinians to Israel proper -LRB- the controversially named `` right of return '' -RRB- , but territory is not holy to her .
Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has rightly allowed convoys of food and medicine into Gaza during the fighting , and Israeli hospitals are treating several injured Gazan citizens .
Stepping in to back the embattled president , the Organization of American States recently issued a call that Toledo be allowed to finish his term .
Although many Arab states have been opening new schools and universities , and are allowing more private educational institutions to flourish , the quality of education in the region still leaves much to be desired .
That means Japan should decisively abandon ultra-low interest rates , albeit gradually so as to allow an orderly unwinding of speculative positions .
China 's currency policy gives it a competitive advantage relative to other countries , allowing it to displace their exports to the US .
But that silence merely allows China to exploit the community of nations .
A critic who made the same claim that economics allows only one theoretical approach would be dismissed as paranoid , whereas Rodrik 's standing creates an opportunity for a debate that would not otherwise be possible .
This might reflect a self-selection process : only the most educated Muslims immigrate to America , as poor social services allow only the best-prepared to survive .
Two factors seem significant : first , relatively porous economic , political and educational arenas that allow immigrants entry to these key areas of American life .
They should be allowed to work .
China must exercise the foresight needed to begin paying this debt now , when it is manageable , rather than allowing it to accumulate and , ultimately , threaten to bankrupt us all .
It could be argued , for example , that Eurobonds would allow eurozone members to pool their financial strength and , by enhancing the attractiveness of the euro as a reserve currency , hold down borrowing costs to such an extent that AAA-rated countries are not overburdened .
In Latin American affairs , it balks at the Free Trade Area of the Americas -LRB- FTAA -RRB- and generally wants relations with the US that allow it to promote their local initiatives .
They may marry non-Muslims , but do not allow others to marry their women , and expect those marrying within Islam to convert to it .
He was content to camp on his own shallow prejudices , and the rest of the world had to be fitted into this narrow terrain .
Democracies , of course , allow people to use their reason to make choices based on the evidence of their own eyes .
We should not , however , allow this sentiment to turn into an all-purpose rant against personal wealth . Sometimes its owners use it in hugely generous amounts for great public gain .
But it is difficult to see any really bad mistakes , except perhaps allowing himself to be pushed around by Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu and giving China the impression that he was prepared for a bilateral relationship entirely on China 's terms .
Disbelief grows with every revelation of secret Iranian facilities and plans , and with every refusal by Iran to negotiate safeguards that would allow for civil use while preventing weaponization .
But it certainly was unwise to allow a junior official to shout and wag his finger at Obama at one of the key Copenhagen meetings .
But we should n't allow American politicians who do not even possess passports to write us off with the same patronizing sneer that some Europeans used to reserve for President George W. Bush 's administration and policies .
Spain , Greece , Portugal , and Ireland , in particular , allowed the low interest rates that accompanied the euro 's introduction to fuel domestic booms .
No raw materials , which would allow the revival of Gaza 's commerce and industry , are permitted .
With chocolate and cardamom now allowed into Gaza , Israel is applying a `` smarter '' siege , which will keep Palestinians here isolated , poor , and aid-dependent , but not starving .
Seriously ill patients require permission to be treated in West Bank hospitals , and some are reportedly pressed to collaborate with Israel 's security services in return for being allowed out .
Defining progress in ways that make it sustainable and allow us to maintain the best of the past is difficult .
His conscience would not allow him to bend to Henry 's will .
The war in Afghanistan bleeds more lives and treasure into the inhospitable terrain of that sad land , with little immediate chance of whatever might constitute sufficient success to allow America and its allies to quit .
We allowed convenient cultural stereotyping to sustain what we believed was the expedient pursuit of our national interest .
They did n't have to like Israel , provided that they were n't too rude about America 's pro-Israel bias and its refusal to accept that insisting on Israel 's inalienable right to exist was not the same as allowing Israel to do whatever it wanted .
This is perhaps the main reason why the scientific rejection of dualism may be so hard to swallow : it seems to diminish the moral status of people .
Increased currency flexibility would allow China 's central bank to use monetary policy to enhance China 's financial and price stability .
But China 's government must recognize that , while increased participation allows China to advance its interests , it also brings greater responsibilities .
Voters in Italy , France , the Netherlands , or Austria - the countries in which post-fascist or extreme-right parties incited the greatest concerns - gradually realized that mainstream democratic forces in Europe would allow extremist parties only limited influence in the European Parliament and other EU institutions .
An honest offer of engagement would allow Ahmadinejad 's pragmatic opponents to show that it is Iran 's president and his controversial policies , not the West , that are at fault .
Of course , it may be that humanity has always been short on critical thinking . That 's why we keep allowing ourselves to be talked into supporting unjust wars -LRB- not to mention actually dying in them -RRB- , or voting for people whose main job seems to be to amass as much wealth for the rich as they can get away with .
For if Russia 's anti-Western paranoia continues and the Kremlin 's Eurasian fantasy of allying with China lasts another 10-15 years , Russia will end up seeing China swallowing its Far East and Siberia .
Instead , it is claimed , eurozone members should have been allowed to default .
For starters , much less time has elapsed since the financial crisis , the recession has been much shallower , and recovery has come faster .
Only the eurozone seems to be bucking the trend , as the European Central Bank has allowed a rise in the short-term interest rate .
Poor people have had their incomes complemented with a monthly allowance under a conditional cash-transfer program called `` Bolsa Familia , '' which now reaches more than 12 million households .
At root , low morale is just a consequence of the indifference of medical scientists , busy in their labs , allowing the social and emotional foundations of their field to rot away beneath them .
It allows him to trumpet Thailand 's strategic objectives and the region 's major issues , sometimes in confrontation with the interests and the demands of the West .
And the lèse majesté code , which literally allows anyone to file charges against anyone else , must be reformed .
If ASEAN is not allowed a mediating role , the Thai-Cambodian spat may wind its way back to the United Nations Security Council , which earlier delegated the issue to ASEAN amidst heavy lobbying by Cambodia and Thailand .
Finally , the Bush administration must ratify the Kyoto Protocol , in order to allow both global firms and Bolivian community entrepreneurs to create yet more rainforest ranches and other creative initiatives that reduce poverty , harbor biodiversity , and cool a warming world .
It would allow the central bank to raise interest rates aggressively to control runaway credit and investment growth , and keep inflation in check .
If extreme poverty is allowed to increase , it will give rise to new problems , including new diseases that will spread from countries that can not provide adequate health care to those that can .
If PETA is not allowed to state its case against our abuse of animals in the way that they judge best , because doing so might offend some people , then criticism of religion could also be prohibited on the same grounds .
`` Dreams and Facts '' concludes with these stirring words : `` No man is liberated from fear who dare not see his place in the world as it is ; no man can achieve the greatness of which he is capable until he has allowed himself to see his own littleness . ''
It is hard to see what good would come from not allowing him to complete his rehabilitation and return to doing what he does best .
Yet three days -- yes , days -- after his conviction , President Richard Nixon ordered that he be released from prison and allowed to serve his sentence in a comfortable two-bedroom house . There he lived with a female companion and a staff to assist him .
Kagame then suggested giving every country an annual per capita quota for CO2 emissions , and allowing developing countries that are below the quota to trade their excess quota with countries that are above theirs .
Sending money to some countries is now allowed only through formal banking channels , and this has created virtual monopolies while also preventing remittance money from reaching rural areas where banks do n't operate .
The third reason for acting against Saddam is cogent : that his defiance of the Security Council since 1991 can not be allowed to stand .
That will allow them to contribute in a sustainable way to increasing global demand .
But perhaps what countries really fear is not so much high prices but a total market breakdown and descent into an autarkic `` Mad Max '' world in which oil is scarce , no country is willing to allow trade in the oil it produces , and there is no world market clearing price .
Similarly , no Chinese president can unilaterally agree to allow the renminbi to appreciate faster ; that is a consensus decision reached together with the various apparatchiks in the State Council and Communist Party .
We now have the technological infrastructure to bring most job-related information to workers while allowing them to collaborate closely .
Unfortunately , whatever the decision -- which has been delayed perhaps until late Fall to allow Obama 's administration more time to muster support for the treaty -- the US and Russian governments will continue to place each other in the nuclear crosshairs for the foreseeable future .
Others say that the vote in 2012 could be seen as Chávez 's last re-election , which would allow him to ensure the transition .
But while Kolakowski `` traveled '' with the Communists and supported them for a few years , he was never really a `` good comrade '' because he never allowed himself to stop thinking for himself .
Meanwhile , journalist Parnaz Azima is not allowed to leave Iran .
That idea is preposterous . In fact , the Foundation 's many contributions to the Islamic world include help following catastrophic natural disasters in Pakistan and Indonesia , providing medical supplies to the Palestinians under blockade , and allowing scholars and intellectuals to learn from each other by translating and publishing works from English into local languages and vice versa .
None of this would have been possible if Iran 's ancient Muslim rulers had not allowed academic freedom and the free exchange of ideas and expression -- something that is sorely missing in today 's Islamic Republic .
Periods of strong economic growth allow countries to put in place defenses to reduce the likelihood and severity of future downturns .
The American National Academy of Sciences has warned that , `` Just a few individuals with specialized skills ... could inexpensively and easily produce a panoply of lethal biological weapons ... The deciphering of the human genome sequence and the complete elucidation of numerous pathogen genomes ... allow science to be misused to create new agents of mass destruction . ''
During the past few years , Colombia has become one of the three most attractive destinations for foreign investment in Latin America , allowing it to cover a significant part of its external financing needs this year .
These policies should allow Colombia 's economy to grow -- barely -- this year , but only as long as the world economy begins to stabilize before the end of the first quarter .
We need a way to bail out good banks but allow bad banks to fail .
In 1992 , Sweden 's central bank , the Riksbank , allowed private bank equity holders to be wiped out , but it rescued depositors and creditors by buying up risky assets of failing institutions .
So the lesson is that we must allow equity holders to lose money sometimes in order to maintain a healthy financial system .
But when the Federal Reserve allowed Lehman Brothers to fail in September of 2008 , there was widespread panic , leading the Fed to intervene to prevent the collapse of every other major player .
As Simon Johnson suggests in his book 13 Bankers , we should break up the mega-banks into smaller parts that can comfortably be allowed to fail .
By guaranteeing to buy shares of a mutual fund , the central bank would provide an incentive for private investors to channel money to the stronger parts of the banking system while allowing the weaker parts to fail .
Although this plan would prop up the value of the financial system as a whole , it would still allow market forces to determine relative share prices of individual banks .
By allowing bad banks to fail , it solves the moral-hazard problem .
This plan would allow us to bail out good banks and allow bad banks to fail -- without costing the taxpayer a penny .
Spain , which allows for widespread temporary contracts , has had the biggest increase in unemployment , because Spanish workers can be fired as quickly as those in the US .
WASHINGTON , DC -- When the member states of the International Criminal Court gather later this month in Kampala , Uganda , for a conference to review the ICC 's work , one issue on the agenda will be whether to amend the Court 's statute to allow it to exercise jurisdiction over the crime of aggression .
Proctor requested that the patent examination be continued , submitting additional patent claims and even changing his lawyers several times -LRB- allowing more bureaucratic delay -RRB- .
Senior Chinese officials are appalled at how the United States allows politics to trump financial stability .
But he was able to work with the Council 's president to secure an agreement he felt confident would permit the mandate to be interpreted in such a way as to allow his team to address the actions taken by both parties to the conflict .
I have no doubt that those involved were seeking a way forward that would allow for a full investigation and help overcome the political divisiveness currently undermining the Human Rights Council within the UN system .
Not only is the decline of previously accepted social and financial regulations reflected in the relative , but important , drop in wage income as a percentage of GDP -- and therefore consumer spending -- in all developed countries in the last thirty years , but also the deliberate abolition of controls allows the banking sector to do as it pleases .
In agriculture and industry , price efficiency was achieved not by abolishing quotas and planned allocations , but by allowing producers to trade at market prices at the margin .
Foreign capital inflows would allow them to draw on the savings of rich countries , increase their investment rates , and stimulate growth .
In addition , financial globalization would allow poor nations to smooth out the boom-and-bust cycles associated with temporary terms-of-trade shocks and other bouts of bad luck .
Instead of relying on fads emanating from abroad , we need to experiment and look for the unique solutions that will allow us to circumvent ingrained social structures that inhibit growth .
There is also a broader backlash under way . Sepp Blatter , the president of FIFA , soccer 's global governing body , has been pushing a plan to limit to five the number of foreign players that club teams would be allowed to have on the field .
If you are a resident of Yaoundé , the decline in the quality of domestic play may not be a big deal if you can afford a cable connection that allows you to tune in to the English Premier League .
So he or she might advocate making the central bank independent in order to reduce political meddling , and changing the framework for managing fiscal policy -- setting up fiscal rules , for example , or allowing only an up-or-down legislative vote on budget proposals .
The first three decades after 1945 were governed by the Bretton Woods consensus -- a shallow multilateralism that permitted policymakers to focus on domestic social and employment needs while enabling global trade to recover and flourish .
We allow non-banks to make home loans and let them offer creative , more affordable mortgages to prospective homeowners not well served by conventional lenders .
In case anyone is still nervous , we create derivatives that allow investors to purchase insurance against default by issuers of those securities .
We might even have allowed these countries a certain measure of schadenfreude in the troubles of the United States and other rich countries , just as we might expect kids to take perverse delight from their parents ' getting into the kinds of trouble they so adamantly warn their children against .
All countries that have successfully globalized have used such policies , many of which -LRB- e.g. , subsidies , domestic-content rules , reverse engineering of patented products -RRB- are currently not allowed under WTO rules .
That is why all prosperous societies are capitalistic in the broad sense of the term : they are organized around private property and allow markets to play a large role in allocating resources and determining economic rewards .
The Bretton Woods-GATT regime entailed a `` shallow '' form of international economic integration that implied controls on international capital flows , which Keynes and his contemporaries had viewed as crucial for domestic economic management .
The key point is that developing countries that are concerned about the competitiveness of their modern sectors can afford to allow their currencies to appreciate -LRB- in real terms -RRB- as long as they have access to alternative policies that promote industrial activities more directly .
The second approach allows drivers to make their own choices , even if this means that they will have to slow down or stop on occasion .
The tariff is fully consistent with a special arrangement negotiated at the time of China 's accession to the WTO , which allows the US to impose temporary protection when its markets are `` disrupted '' by Chinese exports .
If China were allowed a free hand with industrial policies , it could promote manufactures directly while allowing the renminbi to appreciate .
It allows only repression when the government faces protests and opposition outside the established channels .
The ECB has lowered the threshold of creditworthiness that Greek government securities must meet in order to allow continued Greek borrowing .
If Germany wants the rest of Europe to swallow the bitter pill of fiscal retrenchment , it will eventually have to recognize the implicit quid pro quo .
During the Latin American debt crisis of the 1980 's or the Asian financial crisis of 1997 , for example , heavily indebted developing countries believed they had few options but to swallow bitter medicine - -- or face a stampede of capital outflows .
The prosecutions have allowed him to position himself as the protector of Turkish democracy against the coup plotters allegedly still running rampant among the military and secularists .
China , in particular , needs to confront the fact that the rest of the world will not allow it to run a huge trade surplus forever .
If they are judged to be insolvent , they are allowed to fail or are taken over by federal authorities , while depositors are made whole by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation .
A second lesson is that rapid economic growth does not buy political stability on its own , unless political institutions are allowed to develop and mature rapidly as well .
They were rallying against a political regime that they felt was insular , arbitrary , and corrupt , and that did not allow them adequate voice .
Stronger countries in the eurozone must allow these spreads to narrow by guaranteeing the new debts of countries from Greece to Italy , through the issuance of Eurobonds , for example .
China moved away from central planning and allowed markets to flourish -- first in agricultural products and , eventually , in industrial goods .
But the rules of the US corporate game -- heavily influenced by directors and their lobbying organizations -- usually allow directors to spurn outside offers , and even to block shareholders from selling to the outsider .
Directors lacked that power in the early 1980 's , when a wave of such hostile takeovers took place ; but by the end of the decade , directors had the rules changed in their favor , to allow them to reject offers for nearly any reason .
About a decade ago , after the Enron and WorldCom scandals , America 's stock-market regulator , the Securities and Exchange Commission -LRB- SEC -RRB- , considered requiring that companies allow qualified shareholders to put their director nominees on the company-paid election ballot .
The actual proposal was anodyne , as it would allow only a few directors -- not enough to change a board 's majority -- to be nominated , and voted on , at the company 's expense .
It artificially props up consumption growth and allows the government to defer hard choices between taxes and military expenditures .
Moreover , financial innovation and globalization allow markets to spread risk more effectively than ever before , placing it in the hands of those who can best manage it .
But here , too , increasing workers ' legal and statutory rights , while allowing most unions to fade away , seems like the right approach .
Until now , most investors have thought that they would rather risk high inflation for a couple of years than accept even a short and shallow recession .
But they are unlikely to want to do so at this point , even if the US political system allowed it .
If this inflation is allowed to continue and deepen , it is likely to have effects easily as pernicious as the exchange-rate appreciation the region 's leaders are striving so hard to avoid .
That is why it is so important that governments allow financial firms to fail occasionally .
Weak banks must be allowed to fail or merge -LRB- with ordinary depositors being paid off by government insurance funds -RRB- , so that strong banks can emerge with renewed vigor .
Not allowing the necessary consolidation is weakening credit markets , not strengthening them .
If sovereign wealth funds want to enter and keep capital-starved firms afloat in hopes of a big rebound , they should be allowed to do so .
In principle , the IMF could be allowed to print money -LRB- it already has its own accounting unit , the so-called Special Drawing Rights -RRB- .
Certainly , a key part of the solution is to allow more banks to fail , ensuring that depositors are paid off in full , but not necessarily debt holders .
China 's approach represents a huge disguised tax on savers , who are paid only a pittance in interest on their deposits . This allows state-controlled banks to lend at subsidized interest rates to favored firms and sectors .
The overwhelming consensus in the policy community is that if only the government had bailed out Lehman , the whole thing would have been a hiccup and not a heart attack . Famous investors and leading policymakers alike have opined that in our ultra-interconnected global economy , a big financial institution like Lehman can never be allowed to fail .
The Limits of Dubai Cambridge -- Global investors are in a giant huff over Dubai 's decision to allow its flagship private company Dubai World to seek a six-month standstill -LRB- implying at least partial default -RRB- on payments on some $ 26 billion in debt .
Anyone familiar with Dubai understands that these are but small examples of a much broader embrace of creativity that has allowed the country to court elite foreign professionals in finance and other industries .
Chinese leaders love pointing to Japan as the prime reason not to allow any significant appreciation of their conspicuously undervalued currency .
But the IMF 's big-picture diagnosis of the problem gets a lot right . Financial systems are bloated by implicit taxpayer guarantees , which allow banks , particularly large ones , to borrow money at interest rates that do not fully reflect the risks they take in search of outsized profits .
If allowed to fester , the political consequences could be severe , including trade protectionism and perhaps even social unrest .
India , Brazil , and China , for example , continue to exploit World Trade Organization rules that allow long phase-in periods for fully opening up their domestic markets to developed-country imports , even as their own exporters enjoy full access to rich-country markets .
Emerging markets have simply become too big and too important to be allowed to play by their own set of trade rules .
The big question in Spain is whether , as in Ireland , the central government will allow itself to be gamed into taking on private -LRB- and also municipal -RRB- debt .
Private bondholders , people and entities who lent money to banks , are being allowed to pull out their money en masse and have it replaced by public debt .
Asian governments will probably gradually `` lose '' their battle in this war in 2011 , allowing their currencies to appreciate in the face of inflationary pressures and threats of trade retaliation .
The decision to allow the vessel to sail directly into the path of Typhoon Frank resulted from plain and simple incompetence .
Moreover , the inflation criterion fails to allow for higher inflation in services and construction in faster-growing countries .
However , the possibility that rapid growth might generate higher inflation in fast-growing accession countries suggests that a slight increase in the permitted inflation margin - to , say , 2.5 percentage points - should be allowed .
But if monetized fiscal deficits are allowed to run , the increase in long-term yields will put a chokehold on growth .
Or a weaker euro could be had if the ECB were willing -- quite unlikely -- to ease monetary policy further to allow real depreciation .
Greece is currently too interconnected to be allowed to collapse : since it has about $ 400 billion of public debt -- three-quarters of which is held abroad , mostly by European financial institutions -- a disorderly default would lead to massive losses and risk a systemic crisis .
For now , the official community has decided to stick with Plan A ; if that fails , Plan B is default to reduce unsustainable debts and a Greek exit from the eurozone to allow depreciation and restoration of competitiveness and growth .
The first option is to do nothing and allow the currency to appreciate .
If China does n't allow the renminbi to strengthen , other emerging markets will remain wary of letting their currencies appreciate too much and lose competitiveness .
If allowing a currency to appreciate freely is costly , the second option is unsterilized foreign-exchange intervention .
When justified by economic fundamentals , the exchange rate should be allowed to rise gradually .
In short , an optimal path of fiscal austerity would , in most countries , imply a back-loaded but credible commitment to medium-term consolidation , together with short-term additional stimulus when necessary and allowed by market conditions , thereby avoiding the prospect of a deflationary and recessionary spiral .
The advantage of a par bond is that Greece 's creditors -- banks , insurance companies , and pension funds -- would be able and allowed to continue valuing their Greek bonds at 100 cents on the euro , thereby avoiding massive losses on their balance sheets .
The answer depends on the shape of the US recession : if it is short and shallow , sufficient growth elsewhere will ensure only a slight global slowdown .
The current consensus is that the recession will be V-shaped -- short and shallow -- and thus similar to the US recessions in 1990-91 and 2001 , which lasted eight months each .
The delusion that economic contraction in the US and other advanced economies would be short and shallow -- a V-shaped six-month recession -- has been replaced by certainty that this will be a long and protracted U-shaped recession , possibly lasting at least two years in the US and close to two years in most of the rest of the world .
It means not allowing newspapers and TV to be hijacked by spurious passions and staged theatrics designed to divert attention from everything else .
If India 's politicians let us down , it is because we allowed it .
If we do not , we ordinary Indians will find ourselves -- like the ordinary citizens of Hitler 's Germany - unable to look our children in the eye because of our shame of what we allowed to happen .
So , for example , two meetings a year at the head-of-government level and quarterly meetings at the finance-minister level -LRB- with more at the deputy-minister level -RRB- would provide ample time for dialogue , and thus for trust-building , and would allow the commitments made by the heads of government to be monitored .
The IMF has , however , become far more neutral than it is given credit for -- though it could take more steps to distance itself from its past . These include abolishing any region or country 's right to appoint IMF management ; allowing the Fund to borrow from markets , so that it does not have to keep seeking key countries ' permission to expand ; eliminating any country 's official veto power over major decisions ; and having its agenda set by the IMFC rather than outside bodies .
It has held that accountability for the crimes of the dictators is a human right -- and thus trumps the impunity gained by many Latin American dictators as a condition of allowing democratic transitions .
Many financial derivatives were developed for exactly this reason -- to allow both financial and non-financial companies to hedge their overall returns .
So products were developed that allowed investors to borrow easily in several currencies at once and invest in a portfolio of high-interest-rate currencies .
Iraqis now are among those allowed to say , write , watch , and listen to whatever they want , whenever they want .
Gasification of coal allows for the removal of dangerous pollutants , and coal can already be converted to gasoline at low cost ; a South African company is beginning to bring that technology to China on a large scale .
Most importantly , they would allow us to follow through on a global promise .
And , third , realistic solutions are possible , which will allow the world to combine economic development and control of greenhouse gases .
And we will have to engage major companies in a new way , giving them ample incentives and market rewards for success , without allowing them to hold a monopoly on successful technologies that should be widely adopted .
He argued that vast amounts of foreign capital flowed through US banks to the housing sector because international investors appreciated `` the depth and sophistication of the country 's financial markets -LRB- which among other things have allowed households easy access to housing wealth -RRB- . ''
Better technologies have allowed the world economy to continue to grow despite tough resource constraints in the past .
Will they be allowed to emit carbon dioxide as in the past ?
We need to think hard , and collaboratively , about the world 's real technological options , and then pursue a common global framework that allows us to move into a new era , one based on feasible and sustainable technologies for energy , transport , industry , and buildings .
Yet politics in the US has increasingly allowed corporate profits to dominate all other aspirations : fairness , justice , trust , physical and mental health , and environmental sustainability .
- rich and poor markets must be separated , so that cheap drugs from poor countries are not smuggled into rich countries -LRB- or are not allowed in legally through parallel-market imports -RRB- ;
If politicians cave in here -- say , by eliminating patent protection , imposing price controls , or allowing re-import of drugs from poor countries -- innovation for new drugs will stall .
It is time for the rich to promote real economic development through foreign assistance at levels commensurate with the needs of the poor and through open markets that allow the poor to export their way to greater prosperity .
Consider one example : the number of children per woman in society , known as the `` total fertility rate . '' In societies where women are not allowed to work and are expected to remain home and raise children , the number of children is very high .
The report agonizes over the fact that for economic security reasons America needs Iraqi oil , but that for military security reasons the US ca n't allow Saddam to develop the oil .
The Internet allowed for a rapid worldwide dissemination of organizational plans at an extraordinarily low cost to the organizers .
Rather than bolstering its military occupation , the US should leave Iraq , allowing the UN to continue its mission .
By putting itself above the law , America allowed itself to succumb to barbaric behavior .
Pakistan 's Iranian Shadow As the future of both Pakistan and its president , Pervez Musharraf , wallow in uncertainty in the wake of Benazir Bhutto 's assassination , parallels are being drawn to the 1979 fall of the Shah and the Islamic Revolution in Iran .
Indeed , we will have perfected a biology of morality that allows us to explain typical morality as well as deviant morality .
The Doha agreement might allow a number of months , or years , of relative calm .
Although both Hezbollah and Iran still argue , perhaps correctly , that Israel will not give back the Golan Heights or allow the emergence of a Palestinian state , the possibility of peace can not be ruled out .
So , when Pakistan 's military leaders finally allowed elections in late December 1970 , East Pakistan voted overwhelmingly for the Bengali-nationalist Awami League , which won 167 of 169 seats in the province .
After all , such solidarity is what allowed Europe to prosper and integrate over the past 50 years .
Better integration of Europe 's electricity grid is also essential to energy security , because this will allow individual countries to trade freely with each other when some have surpluses and others face shortfalls .
Indeed , the vast popular protests that took place during the `` Orange Revolution '' in Ukraine five years ago convinced the Kremlin that they could not allow any spontaneous outburst of public emotions .
Officials evidently decided that it is better to flirt with and control public passion than allow it to erupt on its own .
Last year , an Australian nephrologist , Gavin Carney , held a press conference in Canberra to urge that people be allowed to sell their kidneys .
Will developed countries really allow for migration on such a scale ?
While our presence in Kosovo remains unchanged , the much improved security situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina allows us to conclude our successful SFOR mission there by the end of this year .
During the past couple of years , NATO 's funding policy has been updated to allow common funding to be used as an incentive for the provision of certain theater-level enabling capabilities , like medical facilities , airports handling troops and supplies , or intelligence .
Totally fair burden-sharing may not be possible , but a security organization like NATO undoubtedly allows us to come closer to it than any other approach .
The main question is whether China can escape the pull of this old psychological syndrome -- which kept it preoccupied throughout the twentieth century with debilitating sentiments of weakness , insecurity , and humiliation -- and allow itself to be guided by a new outlook on the world , and even on old enemies .
China must be both encouraged and allowed to play by the global rules , even when the symbolism of its progress may be painful to endure .
Its style is almost scientific -- factual , staccato-like , and unemotional -- and it goes a long way toward meeting China 's demand for a convincing investigation and act of contrition that might allow the bitter and still poisonous past to be overcome .
China 's leaders fear that if they begin to pronounce on the domestic record of other nations , much less join in sanctions or United Nations peacekeeping missions , they will help establish a precedent that would allow others to intrude on domestic Chinese affairs .
In an age when self-determination is a hallowed principle how is it possible that Taiwan - which has been part of China during only four of the last eleven decades , and has never been under the control of the People 's Republic of China - is shunned by every nation when it deigns to wonder aloud why it should not be allowed to go its own way ?
For economic convergence , if allowed to ripen , could set Taiwan and the PRC on an evolutionary course toward common sovereignty .
He persuaded the European Union and the United States to allow continued UN oversight in Kosovo while gradually permitting self-governance -- all without triggering dangerous confrontations with the two states which oppose its breakaway , Serbia and its close ally , Russia .
Like many others in Russia who are allowed to enjoy their wealth in peace today -LRB- or maybe are lamenting its loss due to the financial crisis -RRB- , he made his money in thoroughly obscure ways during the early post-Soviet years .
But that debate should not be allowed to mask the truth behind this treaty : the DR-CAFTA is more a pleading of special interests than a free-trade deal .
Human subjects are allowed to be bitten by 100 mosquitoes that could carry malaria in a study in Brazil .
Taiwan 's people know that they can not prosper as a democracy if ethnic divisiveness is allowed to hold sway .
Such a nightmare scenario is n't at all likely in Hong Kong , but a steady rot of Hong Kong 's vitality is . For if the frustrations of ordinary Hong Kong citizens are allowed to fester without a genuine commitment by China to allow for universal suffrage by 2007 , a far more serious eruption of social and political unrest beckons .
Indeed , democracies are so stable because they allow misrule to be ended through regularly scheduled elections .
Because stability is their great goal , China 's communist rulers , if they are wise , will allow Hong Kong to show the way to a system in which Chinese govern themselves democratically , peacefully , and prosperously .
The successes of Hong Kong , Singapore , China , and South Korea should serve as a powerful reminder that Thailand has great potential , if only its elites would stop behaving like spoiled children playing a game at which only they are allowed to win .
That loophole allowed his former friends and colleagues on Wall Street to pay themselves billion-dollar bonuses while keeping those firms afloat with taxpayers ' money .
The government had allowed bankers to `` negotiate '' the results , like a student taking a final examination and then negotiating her grade .
But no one ever seriously thought that the US would allow Citigroup and Bank of America , to name just two , to fail .
Markets had factored into share prices the belief that the US government would not allow any more banks to collapse .
Once sacrosanct accounting principles have been amended at Wall Street 's behest in order to allow banks to report essentially whatever they want .
But broader application of these tools has accelerated with the advent of new information technology , which also allows us to apply these tools without undermining people 's incentive to work .
Trading platforms are being improved to allow more complex trading .
Instead , these risks must be dealt with by fundamental changes - changes that will not make individuals more productive than machines , but will allow society to manage risks better and to redistribute them .
Policies that allow scientists to compete for resources nurture creative competition and allow people to construct appropriate incentives and risk-management structures .
But public anger over sky-high price growth precipitated by the oil crises finally allowed central banks to tighten credit and smother inflation with massive global recessions .
Corporate managers , meanwhile , got the public support needed to resist many cost-of-living allowances that were fueling a wage-price spiral .
Then any inflationary monetary policy errors driven by exaggerated fears of deflation will be allowed to stand , and the cumulative inflation will offset any returns on investments in long-term bonds .
Well-developed markets for real estate derivatives would allow homeowners to kick the gambling habit .
In 1999 , we co-founded a firm , Macro Securities Research , LLC , to promote the development of such institutions , working with the American Stock Exchange to create securities that would allow people to manage real estate as well as other risks .
In fact , creating such a market is the most important step we can take to address longevity risk , for we could then discover its true price , allowing myriad business decisions involving longevity to be made more efficiently .
Since the true value of long-term assets is so hard to estimate , it is human nature to focus on the rate of increase in their observed prices , and to allow one 's attention to become fixated on these assets just as their value is increasing very fast .
Inflation futures appear to be gaining hold in part because the new contract is traded on an efficient electronic market -LRB- the Globex system -RRB- that allows futures contracts to get going without the initial splash that is required by open-outcry pit-based futures markets .
China 's one-child policy must have been an advantage for its per capita GDP growth , allowing more time to be spent on business activities rather than childrearing .
But McLuhan could not have anticipated the cosmopolitan class , because he could not have anticipated the immense development of direct interpersonal communications media that allow cosmopolitans around the world to form friendships .
Inequality and Its Discontents Leaders around the world seem to be convinced that inequality and lack of broad participation in economic growth , if allowed to persist , will lead to social discord and even violence .
This may mean that buyers will not allow prices to rise like last time , but it could also mean that owners will be more ready to exit from the market .
The growth of the financial markets ' sophistication has allowed risks to be sliced and diced and spread further than ever before .
As a result , they were interested in strategies -- such as the portfolio insurance strategies that were popular at the time -- that would allow them to exit the market fast .
A study published in 2005 by economists Geert Bekaert , Campbell Harvey , and Christian Lundblad found that when countries liberalize their stock markets , allowing them to operate freely without government intervention , economic growth rises by an average of one percentage point annually .
Of course , while complicated financial arrangements allow us to move forward economically , they also can create hazards .
Their policies would piggyback on US state unemployment insurance programs , allowing Assura to avoid getting into the monitoring business .
The price of the insurance would have to be adjusted regularly to adjust for varying public knowledge of the likelihood of a recession , and people could not be allowed to cancel their policies , and stop making payments , whenever the economic outlook became rosier .
And if economic actors are always rational , then no bubbles -- irrational market responses -- are allowed .
Indeed , countries that do not allow business-method patents -- even though some of their citizens apply for patents in the US -- run the risk that their businesses will lose some of their creative edge .
Despite dramatic theoretical advances , financial institutions were , until recently , slow to develop and expand new instruments allowing people to exploit many risk-sharing opportunities .
This requirement is analogous to that of nutrition labeling , which does not allow listing of nutritional quantities that are not significant in the usual serving size .
The public in much of the world now understands that central bankers will be allowed to do their work without interference from politicians .
Reinhart and Rogoff describe a `` this time is different syndrome '' during the pre-crisis boom , whereby these bubbles are allowed to continue for far too long , because people think that past episodes are irrelevant .
According to `` rational expectations , '' bubbles simply did not exist -- which meant that actual bubbles were allowed to grow .
But if you allow a financial market to spin wildly until it breaks down , it really does seem that you run the risk of years of economic malaise .
With the coming of globalization , seed companies were allowed to sell seeds for which the companies had certified their safety . In the case of genetically engineered seed , these companies are again seeking self-regulation for bio-safety .
No power , not even the United Nations , should be allowed to change them without the consent of the country concerned .
In fact , de-politicization is seen to be advisable because it allows for the easy achievement of balances .
Sometimes , of course , the two overlap . The Mail on Sunday and its sister paper , The Daily Mail , justified their publication of revelations by Browne 's former companion on the grounds that they include allegations that Browne had allowed him to use corporate resources for the benefit of his own private business .
Savulescu , who directs the Uehiro Centre for Practical Ethics at Oxford University and holds degrees in both medicine and bioethics , says that we should drop the ban on performance-enhancing drugs , and allow athletes to take whatever they want , as long as it is safe for them to do so .
So , if an athlete has a dangerously high level of red blood cells as a result of taking erythropoietin -LRB- EPO -RRB- , he or she should not be allowed to compete .
We should allow athletes to pursue it by any safe means .
But establishing their father 's awareness could be a double-edged sword , since it could also mean that keeping him alive is pointless torture , and it is in his best interests to be allowed to die peacefully .
Keeping great apes in captivity will be allowed for purposes of conservation only , and then under optimal conditions for the apes .
When questions were raised about how the statement about uranium was allowed to remain in Bush 's State of the Union address , both National Security Advisor Condoleeza Rice and Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld argued that it was not a lie .
The air in the sheds is high in ammonia from bird feces , which are usually allowed to pile up for months -- and in some cases for a year or more -- before being cleaned out .
But that is a hard doctrine to swallow -- much harder than eating the extra slice of cake that you know is not good for you .
I played it , the ref allowed it .
Regulations for slaughter generally require that animals be rendered instantly unconscious before they are killed , or death should be brought about instantaneously , or , in the case of ritual slaughter , as close to instantaneously as the religious doctrine allows .
Fish caught in nets by trawlers are dumped on board the ship and allowed to suffocate .
But , if offered a savings account that penalized them for withdrawing money before they reached a goal that they themselves had specified , many chose that type of account , even though the interest they earned was no higher than in an account that allowed them to make withdrawals whenever they chose .
In addition , the Web site makes the commitment public , and allows you to have supporters who will encourage you to meet your goal , and whom you will disappoint if you fail .
The card allows the government to impose daily and monthly limits on the amount players can lose on electronic gaming machines .
Chua 's daughters , Sophia and Louise , were never allowed to watch television , play computer games , sleep over at a friend 's home , or be in a school play .
-LRB- The 1998 legislation responsible for the last extension was nicknamed the `` Mickey Mouse Protection Act '' because it allowed the Walt Disney Company to retain copyright of its famous cartoon character . -RRB-
The universal public library could be allowed to digitize even works that are in print and in copyright , in exchange for fees paid to the publisher and author based on the number of times the digital version is read .
Chinese zoos have drawn crowds by staging animal spectacles , and by allowing members of the public to buy live chickens , goats , and horses in order to watch them being pulled apart by lions , tigers , and other big cats .
A culture that allows -- and even endorses -- such tactics is not one that is genuinely committed to encouraging respect for life .
The Cold War 's end allowed a thaw to begin between the two countries .
So long as these dark shadows are allowed to linger , `` resetting '' relations between the two countries , in the manner of US-Russia relations , will be impossible .
Not surprisingly , given the Americans ' deeply ingrained suspicion , the agreement reached earlier this year between Iran and Turkey and Brazil to allow for the export of low-enriched uranium from Iran in return for fuel rods was `` not acceptable '' to the US .
Only people that bureaucrats deign to select are fully included , while others who want to come but are not allowed to do so face discrimination .
It allows for fine-tuning and self-selection of migration flows , yielding far better results than even the most well-meaning bureaucrats could ever achieve .
While German permanent civil servants can not be fired , nor are they allowed to strike .
The Kyoto Protocol allows countries to meet their target reductions of CO2 emissions by substituting bio-fuels for fossil fuels .
If we allow food to be used to produce bio-fuels , food prices will be linked to the oil price , as the head of the German farmers association happily announced .
This allowed managers to pursue more long-term goals and proved effective in blocking contagion effects .
This would be a particular problem for the US , where the Fed allowed the Federal funds rate to approach zero in January 2009 .
Germany even has short-time allowances that enable companies to reduce their employees ' working hours , with the loss in earnings partly reimbursed by the state .
Without this short-time allowance , the average number of unemployed in 2009 would be 300,000 higher than it is now .
This trickery allowed the Greeks to have several good years .
If it exceeds 1 % of GDP , the excess is subtracted from the budget allowed for the following year , provided that the economy is in an upswing with a shrinking output gap .
Rather than coming at the expense of the US , as is constantly claimed , it was the renminbi 's low valuation that allowed Americans to dream their American dream of universal homeownership .
Entrepreneurs and managers swallow their anger and show their disapproval only by silently speeding up their relocation decisions .
Third , for many countries , the 25-year-old debt crisis is finally over , allowing much higher investment in health , education , and infrastructure .
The emergence of a `` realistic dictator '' might allow NATO to withdraw most of its troops within a few years .
Societies have also differed in how wealthy they allow their elites to become , and in their tolerance of the means by which wealth is acquired and used .
Big banks can not be allowed to fail ; but the public expects bankers to be punished .
In such situations , the great advantage of democracies is that they allow a change of rulers without a change of regime .
Broadly speaking , the weakest contracts are those that allow wealth and power to be concentrated in the same few hands , while the strongest are built on significant dispersal of both .
The logic behind the separation was absolutely clear : banks whose deposits were insured by the taxpayers should not be allowed to speculate with their depositors ' money .
During the inflationary 1970 's , a byzantine system of `` allowances '' was instituted to supplement lagging parliamentary salaries .
Parliamentarians were allowed to claim expenses for the upkeep of properties connected with their official duties .
After any such media-stoked scandal , there should be a pause to allow better norms to take root .
The danger unleashed by sweeping away the Glass-Steagall barrier to moral hazard became clear after Lehman Brothers was allowed to fail in September 2008 .
If people want more pornography or more drugs , the market allows them to consume these goods to the point of self-destruction .
It does not conform to our moral intuition that a CEO should not be paid 500 times the average wage of his workers , or to our belief that if someone 's market-clearing wage is too low to support life , he should not be allowed to starve to death .
As our societies have become richer , we have come to believe that everyone is entitled to a minimum standard , whether in work or sickness or unemployment , which allows for a continuing level of comfort and flourishing .
It has become dangerously dependent on economic success , so that any large-scale economic failure will expose the shallowness of its moral claims .
The US House of Representatives has passed a bill that would allow duties to be imposed on imports from countries , like China , that manipulate their currencies for trade advantage .
To stabilize the price level , the economist Irving Fisher had produced a plan for a `` compensated dollar , '' which would vary the dollar 's gold value to offset rising or falling prices , in effect allowing the Fed to issue more or fewer dollars as dictated by business conditions .
Do we spend the next century wallowing in triviality ?
It allows employees to choose a `` sabbatical '' year , which could be divided into shorter periods , every four or seven years .
It was write-offs and devaluations , not austerity programs , that allowed bond prices to recover .
Is it democracy that has kept Europe peaceful since 1945 , or is it the long period of peace since 1945 that has allowed democracy to become the European norm ?
An example of this is the way the IMF 's Decision on Bilateral Surveillance over Members ' Policies , aimed at identifying fundamental exchange-rate misalignments , was modified to allow greater discretion in surveillance , especially over exchange rates .
Russia consistently refuses to allow Western companies the same access to Russian facilities that Russian state energy companies already enjoy in Europe and the United States .
Does n't the government mind if so much of its urban populace is sinking into poverty and becoming disaffected ? Why is this stability-obsessed regime allowing so much instability ?
Other initiatives are a program of allowances , training and placement for the laid-off ; unemployment insurance -LRB- which , unfortunately , depends on the economic health of the firm to which a worker was once attached -RRB- ; and pension reform -- having similar problems .
To turn this situation around , says Sakakibara , `` the Japanese should work more , have more children , and allow immigration . ''
Ideological sloganeering allowed him to kill in larger numbers than any serial killer could imagine , and all in the name of justice .
Bush makes no allowance for the possibility that he may be wrong , and he tolerates no dissent .
As things now stand , he would be justified in demanding greater international support rather than allow his country to bleed to death as Argentina is now doing .
The war on terror is an aberration . America must defend itself against terrorist attacks , but that can not be allowed to become the overarching objective of its existence .
It also paved the way for a parliament in which over a quarter of the members are women -- this in a country where , just five years ago , women were not even allowed to leave the house without a male relative .
A Supreme Court dominated by conservative factions has selected judges and prosecutors , and Afghans have little legal redress in a system that allows local commanders , who hold sway over the judiciary , to act with impunity .
By contrast , an open society accepts uncertainty , and it establishes laws and institutions that allow people with divergent views and interests to live together in peace .
It undermined the critical process that is at the heart of an open society by treating any criticism of the administration 's policies as unpatriotic , thereby allowing Bush to order the invasion of Iraq .
In the meantime , the absence of institutional reform should not be allowed to serve as a pretext for inaction .
Fundamentalists believe that markets tend towards equilibrium and the common interest is best served by allowing participants to pursue their self-interest .
Globalization allowed the US to suck up the savings of the rest of the world and consume more than it produced , with its current account deficit reaching 6.2 % of GNP in 2006 .
On Monday he allowed Lehman Brothers to fail and refused to make government funds available to save AIG .
The process began in earnest after the failure of Lehman Brothers , when on October 12 , 2008 , European finance ministers found it necessary to reassure their publics that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail .
For one thing , it would lend credence to the rescue of the banking system and allow additional support to the EU 's newer and more vulnerable members .
Among other measures , both Europe and the US have effectively guaranteed that no other important financial institution will be allowed to fail .
If the periphery economies are allowed to collapse , developed countries will also be hurt .
The range of currencies included in the SDRs would have to be widened , and some of the newly added currencies , including the renminbi , may not be fully convertible . This would , however , allow the international community to press China to abandon its exchange-rate peg to the dollar and would be the best way to reduce international imbalances .
A mechanism that allows rich countries that do n't need additional reserves to transfer their allocations to those that do is readily available , using the IMF 's gold reserves .
And , unlike the Great Depression , this time the financial system was put on artificial life-support , rather than being allowed to collapse .
This meant that governments had to effectively guarantee that no other institution whose collapse could endanger the system would be allowed to fail .
The globalization of financial markets that took place since the 1980 's allowed financial capital to move freely around the world , making it difficult to tax or regulate . This put financial capital in a privileged position : governments had to pay more attention to the requirements of international capital than to the aspirations of their own people .
There have been mass protests and resistance from the old guard of the governing party , but the general public seems ready to accept austerity as long as it sees progress in correcting budgetary abuses -- and there are plenty of abuses to allow progress .
So makeshift assistance will be sufficient to allow Greece to succeed , but that leaves Spain , Italy , Portugal , and Ireland .
Such activity can not be allowed to continue .
It will be the task of regulators to understand derivatives and synthetic securities , and to refuse to allow their creation if they can not fully evaluate the systemic risks .
The first sign of trouble came after the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 , when the European Union 's finance ministers decided , at an emergency meeting in Paris that October , to provide a virtual guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to default .
In 2009 , the EU endorsed the principle of `` explicit but not exclusive targeting '' for Roma , and the European Commission allowed structural funds to be used to cover housing interventions in favor of marginalized communities , with a particular focus on Roma .
Most importantly , the rules guiding how structural funds are spent should be changed to allow their use for health and education from early childhood , rather than only for job training .
Most importantly , this arrangement allows the Chinese government to skim off a significant slice from the value of Chinese exports without interfering with the incentives that make people work so hard and make their labor so productive .
More recently , when the United States Congress threatened legislation against Chinese currency manipulation , China allowed the renminbi to appreciate against the dollar by a couple of percentage points .
The consequences of the lack of a common treasury first became apparent after the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers in 2008 , when governments , in order to prevent financial markets from collapsing , had to guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail .
These imbalances could be reduced by the US using fiscal rather than monetary stimulus , and China allowing the renminbi to appreciate in an orderly manner .
The US , in turn , can not understand why China should be so reluctant to allow the renminbi to appreciate , as doing so would help to dampen inflationary pressures .
This would allow sovereign debt to be restructured without precipitating a banking crisis .
This is an important advance , but , unfortunately , it is qualified by language that allows voluntary approaches as an alternative , and it focuses only on payments transparency .
The decisive moment came after Lehman Brothers collapsed , and authorities had to guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail .
An open society does not treat prevailing arrangements as sacrosanct ; it allows for alternatives when those arrangements fail .
Either way , it is not in the European Union 's interest to allow these countries to collapse and drag down the entire global banking system with them .
That might induce a further change of attitude in Germany , in turn allowing the adoption of counter-cyclical policies .
Let me stake out more precisely the narrow path that would allow Europe to pass through this minefield .
Eliminating moral hazard merely allows the inherent disadvantage of the periphery to be reflected in the cost and availability of capital .
Banning imported hormone-treated beef , for example , is not allowed , unless there is evidence that hormone-treated beef is different from domestically produced beef .
I propose to reverse this order of preference : countries should be allowed to enforce their higher national standards on imported as well as domestic goods , unless a WTO sponsored panel of experts finds that such domestic standards should be prohibited or simply are unnecessary .
Third , the agreement on Trade Related Investment Measures -LRB- TRIMs -RRB- should be renegotiated to allow some support for home grown small and medium enterprises .
Definition of death as `` brain death '' allows one to declare breathing beings dead and to eliminate the process of dying , in order to exploit the dying as warehouses of spare parts for the living .
Insufficient harmonization , however , has often allowed member states to erect barriers to competition , which can only be removed by consistent implementation of laws and standards .
The prospectus directive allows companies to issue shares and raise capital in all European markets by using the same prospectus as approved by each company 's national authority .
This resistance should not be allowed to prevent the European Parliament from endorsing the common position : markets and regulators alike urgently need a new ISD , as innovations have made the old one obsolete .
Moreover , in the United States , there are rules and conventions -LRB- similar to Maastricht -RRB- that disallow or discourage states from running long-term deficits .
They might take the route of adapting the Maastricht rules to allow for more inter-temporal flexibility at the national level .
But it was responsible for allowing flawed expectations of a sharp recovery to pre-crisis levels of output and consumption to persist .
We need a pragmatic willingness to adapt incentives and outcomes to achieve distributional results that allow the major players , with their domestic political constraints , to keep the system open .
Labor-intensive industries in the tradable sector must be allowed to decline .
They must be allowed to decline or move inland -LRB- and eventually decline -RRB- .
The decision to use them should have been made earlier to allow more training , but most voters experienced no problems .
It is time to swallow our own medicine and resume the hard work of repairing our banking systems .
National governments could establish a personal allowance to exempt retail investors .
In the national ratification referendum that followed , citizens were allowed to vote against the military-sponsored draft , but not to argue against it publicly .
In Turkey , the only religious education that is tolerated is under the strict control of the state , whereas in France a wide variety of privately supported religious education is allowed , and since 1959 the state has paid for much of the Catholic Church 's primary school costs .
By contrast , the army 's decision to allow Mubarak loyalists -- some riding camels or horses -- to charge into Cairo 's Tahrir Square and attack thousands of anti-government demonstrators was a classic `` military as government '' move .
It is a necessary organizing principle that allows people to pool their resources for the common good and mobilize against common threats , whether they are floods or invading armies .
Argentina was praised for allowing large foreign ownership of banks .
Wages and prices fell , but not enough to allow Argentina to compete effectively , especially since many of the agricultural goods which constitute Argentina 's natural comparative advantages face high hurdles in entering the markets of rich countries .
Second , bankruptcy reform is needed to allow homeowners to write down the value of their homes and stay in their houses .
Guided by one of the architects of the problem , Hank Paulson , who had advocated for deregulation and allowing banks to take on even more leveraging , it was no surprise that the administration veered from one policy to another -- each strategy supported with absolute conviction , until minutes before it was abandoned for another .
They ca n't be allowed to do what they did in the past -- gamble at others ' expenses .
In particular , allowing such banks to continue engaging in proprietary trading distorts financial markets .
Why should they be allowed to gamble , with taxpayers underwriting their losses ?
The bigger the bank , and the more risk-taking in which big banks are allowed to engage , the greater the threat to our economies and our societies .
The costs of mild inflation are miniscule compared to the costs imposed on economies when central banks allow asset bubbles to grow unchecked .
The US has been complaining about China 's refusal to allow its exchange rate to appreciate relative to the dollar .
Big bailouts allowed countries to briefly maintain over-valued exchange rates , which in turn allowed the rich in these countries to get their money out at more favorable terms than they might have done otherwise .
These bailouts also allowed Western banks that engaged in imprudent lending to get repaid .
All that is needed , he suggests , are `` collective action '' clauses that allow the majority -LRB- or a supermajority -RRB- of a group of bondholders to impose their will on a minority , so as to prevent scavengers who , in the past , bought up small stakes in a bond issue and used their position to extract large concessions for themselves .
The existence of such negative incentives is why bankruptcy law in America allows bankruptcy judges discretion to force recalcitrant creditors to accept a resolution that is in the broader interest .
The world can not allow America to veto its efforts .
They should not be allowed to do so .
America has a special procedure for corporate bankruptcy , called Chapter 11 , which allows a speedy restructuring by writing down debt , and converting some of it to equity .
In both Europe and America , the free-market ideology that allowed asset bubbles to grow unfettered -- markets always know best , so government must not intervene -- now ties policymakers ' hands in designing effective responses to the crisis .
Even though the government is the largest buyer of their products , it is not allowed to negotiate prices , thereby fueling an estimated increase in corporate revenues -- and costs to the government -- approaching $ 1 trillion dollars over a decade .
The US occupies one of Mauritius 's offshore islands , Diego Garcia , as a naval base without compensation , officially leasing it from the United Kingdom , which not only retained the Chagos Islands in violation of the UN and international law , but expelled its citizens and refuses to allow them to return .
This debt almost surely needs to be restructured , but , having allowed the banks to leverage themselves beyond any level of prudence and load up on toxic derivatives , the ECB is now warning against any sort of restructuring or write-down .
This can not be allowed .
Rather than carefully balancing the benefits of each government expenditure program with the costs of raising taxes to finance those benefits , the right seeks to use a sledgehammer -- not allowing the national debt to increase forces expenditures to be limited to taxes .
But , while the wealthy can use their money to amplify their views , back on the street , police would n't allow me to address the OWS protesters through a megaphone .
It is only the credit expansion that such expenditures allow which might be inflationary .
Even debate about reforming the global financial architecture was stilted : only finance ministers and central bankers , it seems , are allowed a seat at the IMF table .
But America is not alone in allowing for official accounting shenanigans .
We can , however , decrease their frequency ; we can make them shallower ; we can ensure that fewer people are hurt and that those that get hurt are better protected .
-LRB- If one worried about double taxation , one could allow a credit for corporate taxes on individual tax returns . -RRB-
Some new trade and investment agreements under discussion propose to go further , allowing domestic laws , whatever their merits , to be set aside in order to promote international flows of goods and services .
When Baghdad fell , the oil ministry was quickly protected , while museums and hospitals were allowed to be looted .
When the Berlin Wall fell , the countries of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union began transitions to a market economy , with heated debates over how this should be accomplished . One choice was shock therapy - quick privatization of state-owned assets and abrupt liberalization of trade , prices , and capital flows - while the other was gradual market liberalization to allow for the rule of law to be established at the same time .
Nevertheless , the global gains from allowing freer flows of unskilled labor -LRB- even temporarily -RRB- , let alone the benefits to developing countries , far outweigh the benefits from capital market liberalization .
There was a time when privatization -- allowing individuals to set up individual savings accounts -- seemed better than Social Security , which invests in lower-yielding Treasury bills .
Even if convention allows the American president to appoint the World Bank 's head , the organization 's success depends on the confidence of others .
No one can imagine hiring a worker , but allowing him not to inform his employer about what he is doing on the job .
This came as a relief for the Bush administration , which claims to have given as much as its `` budgetary processes '' allow .
First , while the US Federal Reserve continued hiking short-term interest rates , long-terms rates did not increase in tandem , which allowed housing prices to continue rising .
The rest of the world must not embrace America 's unilateral approach : the multilateral trade system is too precious to allow it to be destroyed by a US President who has repeatedly shown his contempt for global democracy and multilateralism .
Our research showed systematic relationships between corruption and economic growth , which allowed us to pursue this critical issue .
The correct implication , which Phelps repeatedly emphasized , is that governments can implement a variety of policies , particularly structural policies , to allow the economy to operate at a lower level of unemployment .
With `` just-in-time '' production that entailed smaller inventories , new information systems that allowed for better control of inventories , and the decline in manufacturing , inventory cycles seemed a thing of the past .
The companies can recover their expenses thanks to patents , which give them a temporary monopoly and thus allow them to charge prices well above the cost of producing the drugs .
It would be part of the portfolio of methods for encouraging and supporting research . A prize fund would work well in areas in which needs are well known -- the case for many diseases afflicting the poor -- allowing clear goals to be set in advance .
China has been engaged in what might be called `` vendor finance , '' providing the money that helps finance the huge US fiscal and trade deficits , allowing Americans to buy more goods than they sell .
This downward pressure on prices has allowed Western central banks to follow expansionary monetary policies , underpinning higher employment and growth .
Should Bush , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ?
Most tellingly , during the financial crisis of 1997 , it did not adopt IMF policies -- and as a result had the shortest and shallowest downturn of any of the afflicted countries .
What is required is to give individuals with excessive indebtedness an expedited way to a fresh start -- for example , a special bankruptcy provision allowing them to recover , say , 75 % of the equity they originally put into the house , with the lenders bearing the cost .
Giving emission allowances is like giving away money -- potentially hundreds of billions of dollars .
Kyoto 's underlying principle -- that countries that emitted more in 1990 are allowed to emit more in the future -- is unacceptable to developing countries , as is granting greater emission rights to countries with a higher GDP .
The only principle that has some ethical basis is equal emission rights per capita -LRB- with some adjustments -- for instance , the US has already used up its share of the global atmosphere , so it should have fewer emission allowances -RRB- .
While it provides them an incentive not to pollute , emission allowances offset much of what they would have to pay under a tax system .
For America today , the real question is only whether there will be a short , sharp downturn , or a more prolonged , but shallower , slowdown .
We have set in motion the internal procedures and facilities that will allow us to provide resources quickly , with conditions limited to the core crisis-policy response at hand .
The Tanzania conference will allow us to assess what we have learned from past successes , as well as what needs to change in the future .
These include permitting high financial access even before a crisis materializes , and allowing disbursements to be more front-loaded .
Together , they constitute a turning point in the way the IMF works , and will allow it to serve its global membership even better .
This has allowed Ma 's administration to claim credit for improving relations with China . But the fundamental causes underlying the threat of a China-Taiwan war -- and conflict between China and the US , which has long been committed to supporting Taiwan should China seek to determine its status unilaterally -- have not been removed .
For the past five years , the US has been sucking in more than $ 2 billion a day of other countries ' savings , as the easy provision of domestic credit on an unprecedented scale has allowed households to spend more than they earn .
Already , the controversy over Tunisian migrants in Italy has started to fray the political underpinnings that allow free movement in the Schengen area . The war in Libya , meanwhile , could lead to many more thousands of civilians fleeing the violence and needing international protection .
But if Europe allows itself to be consumed by the short-term crisis , it risks squandering an extraordinary long-term opportunity .
Policies that help train the next generation of North Africans , and allow them to circulate more freely between Europe and their home countries , are a much smarter solution than the current approach , which sustains illegal migration without meeting Europe 's labor needs . This is an argument not for more migration , but for better migration -- well thought out and planned .
Specifically , it recommends a way to strengthen the democratic legitimacy of the Commission by allowing its president to be elected either by the Parliament or by an electoral college that also includes representatives from national parliaments .
This is why the electoral college idea is so important : it allows for a gradual transition towards a regime that is desirable in the long run .
The question is how rapidly will China 's authorities allow the renminbi to appreciate .
Today , given the importance of exports to China 's economy , its government is reluctant to permit a major revaluation , despite strong pressure by foreign governments to allow the renminbi to appreciate in line with the country 's huge trade surplus .
China 's government therefore appears ready to allow the renminbi to appreciate , the question being how fast .
But what is needed now are policies that will allow WANA to join the third industrial revolution -- the post-carbon economy of renewable energy and the fuel-cell plug-in car .
Because Taiwan has not allowed itself to become a victim , the world simply does not feel guilty about it , and so ignores it .
To its shame , China allows its political goal of excluding Taiwan from membership in all international organizations to trump even urgent public health concerns .
Ten years ago , the Chagossians won a tremendous victory in the British High Court , which ruled that the islanders ' expulsion had been unlawful , and that they should be allowed to return .
A separate but simultaneous vote in the oil-rich province of Abyei will allow voters to choose if they want to join the North or South .
But piecemeal arrests will not be enough to reverse the drift if a culture of intolerance is allowed to fester .
A third new law allows trials to be transferred to courts in other jurisdictions if there is `` legitimate suspicion '' that the judges are `` biased '' -- a claim Berlusconi repeatedly makes against the Milan magistrates -LRB- he calls them `` red magistrates '' -RRB- investigating him .
Moreover , some ASEAN member countries , like Singapore , have explicitly called for Aung San Suu Kyi to be allowed to participate in the 2010 elections .
Deep and sustained anger across the country -- at its demonstrated vulnerability to terror and at the multiple institutional failures that allowed such loss of life -- has prompted the resignations of the Home Minister in the national government and the Chief Minister and his Deputy in the state of Maharashtra , of which Mumbai is the capital .
On one hand , India is a democracy with a long tradition of allowing peaceful protest , including against foreign countries when their leaders come visiting .
· The Kyoto Protocol 's Clean Development Mechanism allows for the trade of carbon credits for reforestation .
But a wake-up call that allows the IAEA 's board to go back to sleep is useless .
When they finally allowed a small team in , they limited their movements , in violation of Iran 's commitments .
The dangers of allowing Iran to go nuclear ought to be obvious .
Mandatory laboratory reporting of HbA1c results -LRB- along with basic demographic data -RRB- for a defined population -LRB- New York City residents -RRB- allowed New York 's Department of Health to monitor trends in diabetes prevalence , assess testing coverage , and examine health-care use and glycemic control of residents living with diabetes .
For historical reasons , Europe benefits from a political maturity that has allowed it to avoid Bush 's Manichean worldview , which has merely reinforced , rather than undermined , the enemy 's fanaticism .
Indeed , in Latin America today there are 14 representative democracies that allow presidential re-election : seven consecutively and seven discontinuously .
In the Dominican Republic , Leonel Fernández -LRB- 1996-2000 , 2004-2008 , 2008-2012 -RRB- began serving his third four-year term in office in 2008 , and the party in power has not ruled out the possibility of modifying the Carta Magna to allow him yet another term .
In Brazil , Luis Inácio Lula da Silva , in power since 2003 , was re-elected in 2007 , and now many members of his party are pushing for a constitutional reform that would allow him a third term .
Those individuals who carry at least one copy of the gene variant that does not allow the body to metabolize Plavix have a 300 % higher risk of clotting a stent .
Had women been in charge of the AU , they would have known that the machismo of African men does n't allow them to be shaken by threats of violent confrontation .
Some of these advances are theoretical , allowing us to build computer models of complex systems like continent-wide forests or entire oceans .
Together these new areas of science will allow us to manage the ecosystems on our planet , predicting the effects of human interventions , anticipating the flow of natural cycles .
Our Basic Law even allows for foreign nationals to be elected to one-fifth of the seats in our legislature .
Individual farmers were taxed until they entered the collective , and collective farms were allowed to seize individual farmers ' seed grain , used to plant the next year 's harvest .
By depriving peasants of their land and making them de facto state employees , collective farming allowed Moscow to control people as well as their produce .
When Nazi Germany invaded the western Soviet Union , the Germans kept the collective farms intact , rightly seeing them as the instrument that would allow them to divert Ukrainian food for their own purposes , and starve whom they wished .
In the last two months of 2008 , the central bank allowed the ruble to weaken at a rate of 1 % per week , then at 2-3 % per week .
Even partial success would allow a Medvedev re-election campaign to be built around themes of anti-corruption and transparency .
Even though many , including myself , do not see it as an optimal final solution , it is an important compromise that will allow eurozone enlargement to start .
Deciding whom to empower , and whom to allow to participate , rather than deciding to save the existing media technology , will determine the future of political parties and the systems in which they govern .
If we allow this madness to continue , the eventual use of these instruments of terror seems all but inevitable .
The proposed Baltic Sea pipeline , which would bring gas to Germany directly from Russia , bypassing Poland , Ukraine , the Baltic states , and the rest of Central Europe , is dangerous in this regard , because it may allow Gazprom the freedom to cut gas supplies to customers without endangering supplies to its favored western markets .
Criminal and civil codes will be enforced ; our courts will be allowed to find their feet and their freedom .
Gazprom 's ambitions for gaining control of pipeline and energy transport infrastructure must be slowed , which requires allowing independent producers to prosper . Indeed , independent producers already account for 20 % of domestic gas sales in Russia .
To boost their output and allow them direct access to European markets will require market-based incentives .
And it is doing so not only in respect to Iran . The big question about Turkmenistan today is whether the vacuum left by Niyazov\/Turkmanbashi 's death will allow Islamic extremism to spill over from neighbouring Iran and Afghanistan .
Yugoslavia is but a miniature version of what might happen in Ukraine if Yanukovich 's tactics are allowed to bring ethnic antagonisms to the boiling point .
A singular vision has always animated this process : animosity between neighbors must not be allowed to fester , and the rule of law must reign not just within countries , but also between them .
Similarly , the euro must not be allowed to become an Iron Curtain that consigns non-members to a high-risk zone where investors dare not venture .
But , unlike Japan 's Fukushima nuclear crisis , Chernobyl 's real lesson is not about nuclear-plant safety . It is about official arrogance and indifference to suffering , and a cult of secrecy that allows information to be shared only among a narrow elite obsessed with stability .
They then tried to force the Ukrainian people to swallow this sham -- threatening to ban public gatherings , close our borders to new visa seekers , and silence any word of our protests on television .
Talk is growing of a change in US defense doctrine to allow for pre-emptive strikes on states that harbor weapons of mass destruction .
The Chinese authorities ' reluctance to allow the renminbi to appreciate slows down global rebalancing and impedes world growth .
We propose changing the status quo by allowing these countries to take a rotating seat at the G-20 table .
The EU is pinning its hopes on one mechanism to reduce Greek debt : loans from the European Financial Stability Facility that would allow Greece to buy its own debt at a discount in the secondary market .
But , while allowing the EFSF to finance buybacks is a step forward , a slew of theoretical and empirical research , generated by developing countries ' efforts to buy back their debt in the 1980 's and 1990 's , has shown that it is far from a cure-all .
In late 2005 , Mittal Steel , the world 's largest steel company , signed a $ 900 million deal with Liberia 's Transitional Government to mine iron ore , which many claim allowed Mittal to opt out of human rights and environmental law .
This is a compromise aimed at minimizing the incentive to gamble with public insurance while allowing some economies of scale for banking activities .
The conductor stopped her , saying that ticketed passengers were not allowed on the train !
Each allowed him to preen successfully as a crisis manager .
Although his college demanded professional evaluation before he would be allowed to return , the suspect in the Arizona shootings , it seems , failed to seek help from Tucson 's available services .
Arizona law allows any interested party to report an individual 's bizarre or threatening behavior to the authorities , who can involuntarily commit the individual for psychiatric evaluation .
A stronger community response , supported by limited exceptions to legal restrictions on information-sharing , could have allowed involuntary evaluation of the suspect .
Now the World Food Program fears that another famine is looming -- the country 's agricultural output will likely fall to 1.8 million tons of grain , far short of the 4.8 million tons needed to supply the meager ration of 7ounces a day -LRB- half the daily allowance for those in UN refugee camps -RRB- ordinary North Koreans receive .
Some governments are afraid to allow their citizens easy access to information .
The same story is true in poor countries around the world : telephone penetration remained stubbornly stagnant in developing nations until they allowed competitive entry-primarily in the form of mobile telephony-in the 1990 's .
A recent survey of telecommunications regulatory agencies conducted by The World Bank found that 23 of the 38 poor countries that responded require ISPs to obtain formal regulatory approval before they are allowed to operate .
These , however , were never allowed to degenerate into the outright communal slaughter that the war in Sri Lanka has often produced .
A theater company has even been allowed to stage `` Animal Farm , '' George Orwell 's famous anti-authoritarian allegory , once known to socialist-bloc readers only via underground editions .
Their relatively small companies and their efficient decision-making processes allow them to remain nimble and to react quickly .
In addition , their often highly diversified structure and their loose network of affiliates and supply chains allow Chinese entrepreneurs to reconfigure business strategy and production facilities quickly , thereby bringing new products to market with shorter lead time .
For example , Chinese cell-phone companies offered 3-G phones much earlier than in America , and when they learned that each phone was being used by several individuals in rural China , they programmed their phones to allow multiple accounts for each phone , thereby adding tens of millions of new subscribers .
Centralized financial supervision would avoid the need for banks to duplicate reports to different authorities , allow financial rules and supervisory practices to be harmonized , and eliminate distortions to competition .
It would also boost Europe 's global role and allow EU banks to compete in the worldwide marketplace .
Just as the telegraph made it possible to eliminate weeks from the time it took to exchange messages overseas , and the airplane and telephone allowed leaders to interact directly with far greater frequency than ever before , today 's technologies will surely continue to alter the basic means of exchange , whether among nations , regions , or supra-regional entities .
With the encouragement of Sudan 's government , China and Russia have thus far blocked a resolution sponsored by Britain and France that would allow the proposed hybrid force `` to use all necessary means '' to protect humanitarian workers and other civilians .
Their preferred model calls for the UN to provide the funding and most other support for the mission , while allowing the AU to maintain its leadership role .
Several SCO members are already assisting NATO countries to deliver supplies into Afghanistan , while Russia is allowing the United States to ferry military items across its border into Central Asia and onward to Afghanistan .
The Security Council normally votes on issues that threaten international peace and security , but this method would allow only a small number of governments to decide Earth 's fate .
Another option would be to allow every adult to vote directly in a global referendum for his or her preferred option .
The Pakistani Taliban has employed a variant of this strategy in the past , ostentatiously negotiating truces with the military in order to allow their forces to rest and regroup before resuming their attacks shortly thereafter .
Unless China commits to greater political openness , allowing the poor and disadvantaged to voice their concerns , represent themselves , and monitor policy implementation , it will continue to be jeopardized by a false and perilous prosperity .
But he and his advisors -- in particular Vladimir Zametalin , deputy head of the presidential administration and Victor Sheiman , the Procurator General with special authority during the election -- claim that they will not allow themselves to go down to electoral defeat like Yugoslavia 's Slobodan Milosevic .
The LHC will allow us to discern the microscopic structure of the universal medium .
With this in mind , we used a new planning tool that allows building rights to drift .
This means that we can preserve acreage for watersheds , parks , or other environmental or historical sites , but allow property owners to sell and transfer their building rights elsewhere .
We also reduced the free building floor area ; but we allowed builders to reach higher up .
Participants develop the capacity to allow distressing moods , thoughts , and sensations to come and go , without having to battle with them .
It should consider linking the opening of the Nord Stream pipeline , which would allow Russia to cut off gas to Poland and Ukraine while maintaining deliveries to Germany , to the opening of the proposed `` White Stream '' pipeline to bring gas from Azerbaijan directly to Ukraine via Georgia , bypassing Russia .
In the same way , the Europeans will eventually find themselves having to speak with one voice and act as one body in the wider world , if only because a globalized world will not allow them the luxury of doing anything else .
There is no evidence to indicate that Burma 's leaders will respond positively to the Obama administration 's central message , which calls for releasing the estimated 2,100 political prisoners -LRB- including Daw Aung San Suu Kyi -RRB- , engaging in genuine dialogue with the opposition , and allowing fair and inclusive elections .
Maintaining anonymous charges enables the military authorities to avoid keeping comprehensive records , which in turn allows officials to evade responsibility for transparent reporting of assaults and of prosecutions -- and thus not to prosecute sex crime in any serious , systematic way .
In fact , the convention of anonymity merely allows rape myths to flourish .
Yet the respect she showed for the various cultures and people whom she was engaging did a great deal to allow such challenges to move forward without bitterness , and in a spirit of real dialogue .
In small towns in Asia , youth enjoy Internet access and the world is at their fingertips . Yet visa regimes will not allow them to travel very far .
The existence of an official target is crucial , even when it is not being reached , because it allows the private sector to judge how close the central bank is to a point at which it would feel justified in abandoning its zero_interest_rate policy .
Big multinational banks and mortgage lenders have moved into markets across Latin America , providing financial services that allow lenders to better manage risk .
He emphasized the crucial role of housing in allowing low-income individuals to raise capital that can be used for investment in small businesses , in education , or in other projects that can significantly improve standards of living over the medium to long term .
Roughly 40 % of house dogs are allowed to sleep on their owners ' beds .
They introduced a safety clause allowing a country to suspend the deficit ceiling in case of serious recession , but they went on to define a serious recession in such a way as to make such a suspension implausible in practice .
Not interested in geopolitical power -- a legacy of its Nazi past -- Germany was content to back France 's ambitions as long as the Common Market allowed it to be Europe 's economic powerhouse .
For example , when covering a natural disaster , a major industrial accident , or an urgent public health issue , journalists in the traditional media are not allowed to investigate and report without official sanction .
But the Union could see its reputation worsen if it allows its commitment to Lebanon to become part of the emerging US strategy of isolating Iran by hardening today 's regional Sunni-Shia divisions .
But what has really allowed Hezbollah -LRB- and Hamas , for that matter -RRB- to win elections and cement support is their ability to provide education , health , and other social services , particularly to the poor .
In the Palestinian territories , Gaza 's democratically elected Hamas government and the democratically elected president of the Palestinian Authority are locked in a seeming death grip , which has seen Gaza fall into an economic black hole and paralyzed as it also allowed space for Israeli intransigence . All the while the supposed political savior , Marwan Barghouti , sits in an Israeli prison with a life sentence .
Nor are they allowed to walk in the streets , drive a car , or leave the country without the permission of a male guardian .
The reformers talk about partial municipal elections , national dialogue , and the rights of women , who they hint may one day even be allowed to drive cars !
But Naif -LRB- age 77 -RRB- , his full brothers - including Sultan -LRB- age 82 -RRB- - and their supporters within the Wahhabi establishment appear too entrenched to allow that to happen .
One of the great flaws of Putin 's presidency has been to allow law enforcement agencies to evaluate their own actions .
Second , a generous -LRB- and , with time , growing -RRB- quota should be set for Palestinian laborers to work in Israel -- indeed , they must be allowed to work in the very agricultural centers around Gaza which were the most affected by the rocket attacks .
We allowed specified annual costs of climate policy to grow in proportion with global GDP through 2100 from an initial annual benchmark of $ 18 billion .
There are also hints that a reshuffling of important positions within the Party will take place , allowing the presumed heir to form a new power base .
That authority should allow the Fund to inspect even the world 's mightiest economies , the US and China .
Iran would find itself the bogeyman of the Arab world 's Sunnis , while Hezbollah could be swallowed up by another debilitating Lebanese civil war .
If commercial banks had been allowed to base lending decisions solely on economic considerations , credit and money supply would have grown more slowly , limiting the risk of rising bad-loan ratios , stalled enterprise reform , inflationary pressure , and a resurgence of asset bubbles as excess liquidity enters equity and real-estate markets .
For example , the US government should offer more financial instruments like Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities -LRB- TIPS -RRB- , thereby allowing China to convert some of its holdings of US government securities into similar but safer assets .
Furthermore , China should be allowed to convert part of its foreign-exchange reserves into assets denominated in the International Monetary Fund 's special drawing rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- .
This large , steady fall in the country 's trade surplus makes the Chinese government hesitant to allow the RMB to appreciate significantly , for fear of the lagged impact on the trade balance .
But if the RMB is allowed to float , is n't a balanced trade account likely ?
At this critical moment , we ca n't allow this to fade away .
Speaking of the lost decade of the 1980 's in Africa , Mazrui observed that , despite being endowed with superb climatic conditions , few African countries could feed themselves ; likewise , despite being engaged in trade in minerals and cash crops , most countries still wallowed in a state of aid-dependency .
Examples include the auctioning of emissions allowances , carbon taxes , and the pricing of emissions from international transport .
Pressure for revaluation comes at a stage when per capita national income is merely $ 1,000 , not $ 10,000 or $ 15,000 , so China still needs a rather long period of rapid economic growth to reach anything like the stage that Japan had achieved when it allowed the yen to be revalued .
Most importantly , the renminbi was allowed to appreciate , and the export tax rebate was virtually eliminated .
