Rather than bowing to the military junta , he embraced the gallows .
The Party allows Caijng to expose corruption because this helps it to stop China 's most serious disease .
The Customs Union concluded ten years ago allows free trade for all but agricultural goods .
The government allows almost no independent news and information .
Even if another referendum is to be held in Ireland , the Irish government should foresee a procedure that , irrespective of the outcome , allows other member states to implement the essential parts of the Lisbon treaty .
In these circumstances , there is an urgent need for a facility that allows governments of poor countries to negotiate on a par with foreign investors to reach contracts that are as fair as possible under the given circumstances .
To promote fiscal transparency , our Finance Department has created a Web site called `` Pera ng Bayan , '' or `` The People 's Money . '' It allows the public to report tax cheats , smugglers , and crooks anonymously .
That , in turn , allows Gazprom to boost its profitability through price increases , despite stagnant production .
If Turkey grants its own Kurdish minority more cultural and language rights and allows legitimate Kurdish political representation in the Turkish parliament , the willingness of Turkish Kurds to oppose Ankara will be diminished .
Theoretical studies suggest that inflation in the accession countries will remain stubbornly higher than the Maastricht Treaty allows .
An increasingly pluralistic society is being forced into a procrustean structure that allows only one voice , one need , and one kind of interest : the voice , needs , and interests of the party .
Government spending is now increasing by 4 % annually because of a new `` action rule , '' enacted in 2001 , that allows revenue from the Petroleum Fund to be phased into the domestic economy .
The Lisbon Treaty allows us to achieve a greater coherence and gives us a much greater capacity to act .
The Lisbon Treaty allows us to achieve a greater coherence and gives us a much greater capacity to act .
If an international force simply allows Ehud Olmert 's government to pursue its plans further , the countries that provide troops for the international force will not only be seen as rubberstamping Israeli policy , but will also be dragged into its failure .
So developing CCS or an alternative that allows coal to become clean energy is essential for meeting the 2050 goal .
It also allows easier contact with fringe groups , such as anti-globalization protesters and the most zealous greens .
What football really provides is a residual area of confrontation that allows for the controlled expression of animosity , leaving the most important areas of interaction between countries unaffected .
It is because football allows for symbolically limited confrontations , with no major political risks , that it is useful .
There are sometimes specific references to the Dutch practice that allows doctors to end their patients ' lives if they explicitly ask for it , as long as certain preconditions of due practice are met .
Some consider this unfair , as it allows tissue donated by patients to be wholly appropriated by universities and industry .
But a sober assessment of what might follow a UN endorsement of Palestine 's borders allows for some cautious optimism .
Here , the lack of detail about the UN resolution allows room for maneuver .
Moreover , a trade agreement with Afghanistan that allows Afghan goods to cross Pakistan en route to India may be one step towards an improvement of economic relations with that large and rapidly growing neighbor .
Banning them only allows them to pose as martyrs to free speech . And that not only makes it harder to attack their views , but also gives free speech a bad name .
If we intend to abolish the gallows , we should also fight for the prevention of crime and against the inhumanity of many prisons .
In fact , India 's `` reserved places '' scheme operates as a deliberate smokescreen , for it allows the government cleverly to mask the real issue , which is access to primary education for India 's disadvantaged .
Cyber intrusion in peacetime allows the prowler to read the content and understand the relative importance of different computer networks so that it knows what to disable in a conflict situation .
From the other stereotypical point-of-view , Europe wallows in the complexity of issues whereas America likes simple lines of conflict -- you are either for us or against us .
Its legislature is the Council of Ministers which sometimes allows the elected Parliament to engage in a little `` co-decision-making . ''
If efforts to produce a parallel bail-in arrangement , which allows bondholders to share the pain , are also successful , we might be within sight of a sensible and not-too-costly reform with which the market can make peace -- and which regulators would have a realistic chance of managing .
A pan-European opinion survey , which has been carried out for many years , allows us to relate the two .
Georgia must be weaned from humanitarian aid as soon as the situation allows it .
The lending allows the necessary medium - and long-term spending cuts and tax increases to be undertaken at a more appropriate time .
Or perhaps economics will remain a discipline that forgets most of what it once knew and allows itself to be continually distracted , confused , and in denial .
You can argue that the corporate executives have expertise and knowledge that allows them to commit the funds they control to higher-return projects than are available in the stock market .
First , it allows for many savers to pool their wealth to finance large enterprises that can achieve the efficiencies of scale possible from capital-intensive modern industry .
Finally , high finance allows for portfolio diversification , so that individual investors can seek high expected returns without being forced to assume large , idiosyncratic risks of bankruptcy and poverty .
And it is also a fact that we are happier saving and accumulating if we receive positive and negative feedback on our decisions on a time scale that allows us to believe that we can do better next time by altering our strategy -- hence
UNITAID 's patent pool for AIDS medicines , for example , allows generics producers to make cheaper versions of patented medicines by enabling patent holders to license their technology in exchange for royalties .
Similarly , it generates a mentality that allows Europe to ignore the nearly 500,000 victims of Saddam 's torture and murder machinery and , motivated by the self-righteousness of the peace movement , to harangue George W. Bush as a warmonger .
But Mexico today does have interests -- including the price of oil -- and being on the Security Council allows it to defend them .
Over and over , we see that an analysis of the costs and benefits of altruism , along with the genetic relatedness of interactants , allows us to predict the presence or absence of altruism .
Moreover , the Colombian Supreme Court is expected to reduce impunity further by amending the law that allows these trials to make all the paramilitaries ' assets available for compensation to their victims .
To be sure , Microsoft does provide a patch that allows old versions of Office to read the new '' . docx '' format .
Conglomerates allow financial institutions to diversify their business , and combining with commercial banks allows investment banks to fund their operations using relatively stable deposits instead of fickle money markets .
In turn , this allows unsustainable imbalances to build up , leading to an inevitable crash .
Twitter , which lets people send bite-size messages to large groups , allows Chinese to quickly disseminate urgent news or even uncomfortable facts . `` Twitter can create a faster information flow than any official agency , '' says Michael Anti , a journalist in Beijing who has long been at the forefront of the Chinese Internet movement .
Jonathan Zittrain , Co-Director of Harvard University 's Berkman Center for Internet and Society , has suggested that the United States , for example , could start with some basic funding for the kind of `` science and technology innovation that gave us the Internet to begin with . '' This could include potential `` game changers '' in China such as ad hoc mesh networking , which allows users to communicate with one another by hopping from one device to the next without an Internet service provider in the middle .
In the case of enforcing the no-fly zone , Resolution 1973 allows the destruction , by aircraft or missile , of any loyalist jet or helicopter that takes off , any pro-Qaddafi forces ' anti-aircraft batteries or missile-launch sites , and the disabling of any airstrip .
And , as for the wider mandate to protect civilians , the resolution allows airborne attacks to knock out tanks or troop columns advancing on Benghazi or other rebel-held towns , and -- should they exist -- concentrations of forces within those areas that pose a direct and immediate threat to Qaddafi 's opponents .
There is , of course , truth to the statement that a strong dollar benefits the American public , since it allows Americans to buy foreign products at a lower cost in dollars .
That uniform individual cost incentive allows total CO2 to be reduced at a lower total cost than would be achieved by a variety of administrative requirements , such as automobile mileage standards , production technology standards -LRB- e.g. , minimum renewable fuel inputs in electricity generation -RRB- , etc. .
The politicians prefer to postpone the inevitable by putting public money where private money will no longer go , because doing so allows creditors to maintain the fiction that the accounting value of the Greek bonds that they hold need not be reduced .
Little will be genuinely free in a future crafted by these populists : `` liberalism '' behind barricades ; `` welfare '' that denies the most needy ; `` tolerance '' that allows some to be targets ; the un-liberating leader-cults of `` noisy little men , '' their nationalisms and their narrow-mindedness , their police priorities and procrustean plans for `` integrating '' minorities .
Withdrawing from the War on Drugs GENEVA -- Switzerland 's direct democracy allows citizens who have gathered enough petition signatures to challenge government policies and laws in nationwide referenda .
? A structural budget balance rule allows deficits only to the extent that the current price of copper is below its 10-year equilibrium or output is below its long-term trend .
They are also fearful that Russia will use the energy weapon against them in the future , once the new pipeline allows the Kremlin to do so without affecting Western Europe .
Flexibility allows NGOs to be innovative in ways that organizations like the UN often can not .
But , now that a Russian-American agreement allows supply flights to Afghanistan to go through Russian airspace , it is clear that Russia sought only to monopolize the military cargo transportation routs in order to gain leverage over the United States .
Indeed , early adoption of a low inflation objective would help secure the monetary and financial stability that China needs as it allows greater exchange-rate flexibility .
We 've seen hints of a new paradigm in Apple 's iPhone , which allows gestural finger motions , but in the intelligence community , concept visualization can be so radical that most ordinary users might barely recognize what it was .
In Neuchatel , many naturalized citizens , including elected local councilors , retain their foreign passports for several reasons : among European Union passport-holders , doing so allows their children to study in the EU or to work there themselves .
Among non-EU citizens , it allows them to re-settle in their parents ' or grandparents ' country if they so desire .
If Néstor and Cristina alternate as heads of state , they could do so indefinitely , because Argentina 's constitution allows for only one consecutive reelection but no limit on the total number of electoral terms .
Well-conducted randomized trials incorporate additional safeguards against bias , including use of placebo medication that allows investigators to blind patients and caregivers to whether patients are , or are not , receiving active treatment .
But , while these observational studies are threatened by bias from patient selection -- sicker patients mean higher death rates , for example - -- the available administrative databases document patient characteristics such as age , severity of illness , and co-morbidity , including diabetes and high blood pressure . This information allows statistical approaches that level the playing field , helping to protect against biases associated with patient selection .
China clings to a notion of sovereignty that allows governments freedom of action within their borders .
Paraphrasing Katherine Hepburn in the movie The African Queen , religion allows us to rise above wicked old Mother Nature , handing us a moral compass .
Let us go farther : Who allows young people to bathe from morning till night in blood flowing on television and movie screens , and yet are sanctimonious and astonished about the aggressiveness of the young ?
One modification allows perceived distance to be evoked simultaneously by different behavioral responses .
After all , what kind of faith allows putting instruments of mass murder on sale in the black market .
Just enough allows the Taliban to melt away or change sides .
Here again , Iraq 's immediate past history allows one to be optimistic .
The Court 's decision allows this brutal and systematic violation of fundamental rights to continue .
The Dodd Authority allows the US government only to determine the terms of an official takeover within the US .
2 . A clear commitment to the global pricing of carbon that allows businesses to invest with confidence and at the scale required .
The `` Anti-Terrorism Special Measures Law '' allows the Self-Defense Forces to participate in the fight against international terrorism , although the form of participation is limited to logistical support .
Both men are likely to support the prevailing global double standard , which allows rich countries to use fiscal expansion in the face of recession , while forcing poor countries into greater austerity .
Delaying marriage and childbearing allows them to gain more education and perhaps more earning opportunities , as well as improved health , education , and labor market success for their future children -- benefits worth ten times more than the cost of providing reproductive services .
But this concern and sensibility is a little too self-congratulatory , for it allows Europeans to gloss over the very real problems they now have with their own vaunted social solidarity .
It allows food to travel from lands of plenty to lands of little .
It allows countries that can produce food efficiently to ship it to those which face resource limitations that hinder food production .
In late April , the coalition headed by Yanukovych railroaded through parliament a 25-year extension of the agreement , due to expire in 2017 , that allows Russia to base its Black Sea Fleet in Sevastopol in Crimea .
But caudillos have other uses for conflict : it allows them to strengthen the unity of their popular bases and evade the management responsibilities that exercising political power entails .
But what is needed is a deeper and more global perspective than either side allows .
Pursuing its comparative advantage strengthens a country 's resilience to crisis and allows for the rapid accumulation of human and physical capital .
The book also allows readers to set their own priorities : leading economists sketch out solutions and provide cost-benefit ratios so that different policy options can be compared side-by-side , and the best ones identified and prioritized .
Having more open economies allows more trade in innovation , so that new companies can almost instantly use smart ideas from around the globe .
The Great Organ Bazaar LUND , SWEDEN -- The Web site 88DB . com Philippines is an active online portal that allows service providers and consumers to find and interact with each other .
Hindu religious law , for example , allows a woman to claim an equal share in her parents ' wealth , but few exercise this right .
For example , while the Koran allows for a measure of female inheritance , tribal custom does not authorize it , which explains the popularity of tribal councils to resolve inheritance problems and cheat women out of their rights .
This is especially true for those who have lived in Iran , a totally Muslim environment that allows women the freedom to study and work as well as access to adequate healthcare and family planning .
I have studied policies of the type proposed by Bagehot in a way that allows me to compare them with deposit insurance schemes .
The convertibility of the country 's currency , the CFA franc , allows these companies to transfer freely all their earnings back to France .
Easy access to oil wealth only allows their cynical frivolity to continue .
I devised an experiment that allows us to look at whether national loyalties played a role in ECB policy since the euro 's inception .
This system , which allows organs to be harvested also from refusers who have failed to express their refusal , has not increased trust in medicine , either .
The annual Ibrahim Index of African Governance tracks government performance across sub-Saharan Africa , providing a tool that allows citizens and civil-society groups to monitor their governments ' progress .
In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries -LRB- in the football sense -RRB- to capture some of the benefits of today 's higher-quality game , thereby partly reversing the `` leg drain . ''
Education gives people the skills to earn a living , to innovate , to invent , and to access culture -- all of which allows them to live more fulfilling lives .
It allows you to project yourself into the future , to fulfill or even transcend your capabilities .
But democracy is also the best remedy against overconfidence , because it allows ordinary people to decide whether their leaders are behaving arrogantly or responsibly .
This conveniently allows the authorities to control news programming with an iron hand while relegating the bulk of programming to a looser and less labor-intensive monitoring system .
They are akin to language requirements -- except that the language here is a civic , not a national one , which in the best case allows new citizens to voice their concerns with perfect political grammar .
Angola , Malawi , Mozambique , and Zambia owe an average of 150 % of their GDP , and servicing the debt swallows billions of dollars annually .
The reason that such pseudo-science has prevailed in so many American schools is directly related to America 's tremendously decentralized school system , which allows committed local groups of the religious-minded to reshape the curriculum .
Moreover , in the wrangling over the UN resolution , China threatened a veto if there were any references to Chapter VII of the Charter , which allows enforcement .
With increasing change in China and growing economic and social contacts across the strait , it should be possible to find a formula that allows the Taiwanese to maintain their market economy and democratic system without a placard at the UN .
On the other hand , soft power allows followers more choice and leeway than hard power does , because their views and choices matter more .
Hard power has not become irrelevant , but leaders must develop the contextual intelligence that allows them to combine hard and soft power resources into a `` smart power '' strategy .
For example , carbon sequestration allows the capture and storage of carbon in underground geological formations and deep oceans . Thus , less CO2 gets released into the atmosphere .
Equally important is the contextual intelligence that allows a leader to vary the mix of these skills in different situations to produce the successful combinations that I call `` smart power . ''
A well-ordered modern state is defined by a monopoly on the legitimate use of force , which allows domestic markets to operate .
A well-ordered modern state is one that holds a monopoly on the legitimate use of force , and that allows domestic markets to operate .
As a first step toward convening a second poll , Cowen has sought EU-wide agreement that , rather than reducing the size of the Commission , the provision of the Lisbon Treaty that allows for a `` one member state , one commissioner '' rule will be enacted , allowing Ireland to retain a permanent place .
A suitable model for the ESC might be the UN Security Council , which allows concerted or joint action should agreement exist amongst its members .
But that silence merely allows China to exploit the community of nations .
A critic who made the same claim that economics allows only one theoretical approach would be dismissed as paranoid , whereas Rodrik 's standing creates an opportunity for a debate that would not otherwise be possible .
But China 's government must recognize that , while increased participation allows China to advance its interests , it also brings greater responsibilities .
It allows him to trumpet Thailand 's strategic objectives and the region 's major issues , sometimes in confrontation with the interests and the demands of the West .
And the lèse majesté code , which literally allows anyone to file charges against anyone else , must be reformed .
Spain , which allows for widespread temporary contracts , has had the biggest increase in unemployment , because Spanish workers can be fired as quickly as those in the US .
Senior Chinese officials are appalled at how the United States allows politics to trump financial stability .
Not only is the decline of previously accepted social and financial regulations reflected in the relative , but important , drop in wage income as a percentage of GDP -- and therefore consumer spending -- in all developed countries in the last thirty years , but also the deliberate abolition of controls allows the banking sector to do as it pleases .
If you are a resident of Yaoundé , the decline in the quality of domestic play may not be a big deal if you can afford a cable connection that allows you to tune in to the English Premier League .
The second approach allows drivers to make their own choices , even if this means that they will have to slow down or stop on occasion .
The tariff is fully consistent with a special arrangement negotiated at the time of China 's accession to the WTO , which allows the US to impose temporary protection when its markets are `` disrupted '' by Chinese exports .
It allows only repression when the government faces protests and opposition outside the established channels .
It artificially props up consumption growth and allows the government to defer hard choices between taxes and military expenditures .
China 's approach represents a huge disguised tax on savers , who are paid only a pittance in interest on their deposits . This allows state-controlled banks to lend at subsidized interest rates to favored firms and sectors .
Gasification of coal allows for the removal of dangerous pollutants , and coal can already be converted to gasoline at low cost ; a South African company is beginning to bring that technology to China on a large scale .
We need to think hard , and collaboratively , about the world 's real technological options , and then pursue a common global framework that allows us to move into a new era , one based on feasible and sustainable technologies for energy , transport , industry , and buildings .
Indeed , we will have perfected a biology of morality that allows us to explain typical morality as well as deviant morality .
While our presence in Kosovo remains unchanged , the much improved security situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina allows us to conclude our successful SFOR mission there by the end of this year .
Totally fair burden-sharing may not be possible , but a security organization like NATO undoubtedly allows us to come closer to it than any other approach .
But broader application of these tools has accelerated with the advent of new information technology , which also allows us to apply these tools without undermining people 's incentive to work .
Inflation futures appear to be gaining hold in part because the new contract is traded on an efficient electronic market -LRB- the Globex system -RRB- that allows futures contracts to get going without the initial splash that is required by open-outcry pit-based futures markets .
In fact , de-politicization is seen to be advisable because it allows for the easy achievement of balances .
Regulations for slaughter generally require that animals be rendered instantly unconscious before they are killed , or death should be brought about instantaneously , or , in the case of ritual slaughter , as close to instantaneously as the religious doctrine allows .
In addition , the Web site makes the commitment public , and allows you to have supporters who will encourage you to meet your goal , and whom you will disappoint if you fail .
The card allows the government to impose daily and monthly limits on the amount players can lose on electronic gaming machines .
A culture that allows -- and even endorses -- such tactics is not one that is genuinely committed to encouraging respect for life .
It allows for fine-tuning and self-selection of migration flows , yielding far better results than even the most well-meaning bureaucrats could ever achieve .
The Kyoto Protocol allows countries to meet their target reductions of CO2 emissions by substituting bio-fuels for fossil fuels .
If people want more pornography or more drugs , the market allows them to consume these goods to the point of self-destruction .
As our societies have become richer , we have come to believe that everyone is entitled to a minimum standard , whether in work or sickness or unemployment , which allows for a continuing level of comfort and flourishing .
It allows employees to choose a `` sabbatical '' year , which could be divided into shorter periods , every four or seven years .
A Supreme Court dominated by conservative factions has selected judges and prosecutors , and Afghans have little legal redress in a system that allows local commanders , who hold sway over the judiciary , to act with impunity .
A mechanism that allows rich countries that do n't need additional reserves to transfer their allocations to those that do is readily available , using the IMF 's gold reserves .
Most importantly , this arrangement allows the Chinese government to skim off a significant slice from the value of Chinese exports without interfering with the incentives that make people work so hard and make their labor so productive .
This is an important advance , but , unfortunately , it is qualified by language that allows voluntary approaches as an alternative , and it focuses only on payments transparency .
An open society does not treat prevailing arrangements as sacrosanct ; it allows for alternatives when those arrangements fail .
Eliminating moral hazard merely allows the inherent disadvantage of the periphery to be reflected in the cost and availability of capital .
Definition of death as `` brain death '' allows one to declare breathing beings dead and to eliminate the process of dying , in order to exploit the dying as warehouses of spare parts for the living .
The prospectus directive allows companies to issue shares and raise capital in all European markets by using the same prospectus as approved by each company 's national authority .
It is a necessary organizing principle that allows people to pool their resources for the common good and mobilize against common threats , whether they are floods or invading armies .
The existence of such negative incentives is why bankruptcy law in America allows bankruptcy judges discretion to force recalcitrant creditors to accept a resolution that is in the broader interest .
America has a special procedure for corporate bankruptcy , called Chapter 11 , which allows a speedy restructuring by writing down debt , and converting some of it to equity .
Even if convention allows the American president to appoint the World Bank 's head , the organization 's success depends on the confidence of others .
But if Europe allows itself to be consumed by the short-term crisis , it risks squandering an extraordinary long-term opportunity .
This is why the electoral college idea is so important : it allows for a gradual transition towards a regime that is desirable in the long run .
To its shame , China allows its political goal of excluding Taiwan from membership in all international organizations to trump even urgent public health concerns .
A third new law allows trials to be transferred to courts in other jurisdictions if there is `` legitimate suspicion '' that the judges are `` biased '' -- a claim Berlusconi repeatedly makes against the Milan magistrates -LRB- he calls them `` red magistrates '' -RRB- investigating him .
· The Kyoto Protocol 's Clean Development Mechanism allows for the trade of carbon credits for reforestation .
But a wake-up call that allows the IAEA 's board to go back to sleep is useless .
Our Basic Law even allows for foreign nationals to be elected to one-fifth of the seats in our legislature .
But , unlike Japan 's Fukushima nuclear crisis , Chernobyl 's real lesson is not about nuclear-plant safety . It is about official arrogance and indifference to suffering , and a cult of secrecy that allows information to be shared only among a narrow elite obsessed with stability .
Arizona law allows any interested party to report an individual 's bizarre or threatening behavior to the authorities , who can involuntarily commit the individual for psychiatric evaluation .
With this in mind , we used a new planning tool that allows building rights to drift .
Maintaining anonymous charges enables the military authorities to avoid keeping comprehensive records , which in turn allows officials to evade responsibility for transparent reporting of assaults and of prosecutions -- and thus not to prosecute sex crime in any serious , systematic way .
In fact , the convention of anonymity merely allows rape myths to flourish .
The existence of an official target is crucial , even when it is not being reached , because it allows the private sector to judge how close the central bank is to a point at which it would feel justified in abandoning its zero_interest_rate policy .
But the Union could see its reputation worsen if it allows its commitment to Lebanon to become part of the emerging US strategy of isolating Iran by hardening today 's regional Sunni-Shia divisions .
