Hours before his hanging , Benazir was allowed to see her father for the last time , writing in her autobiography : `` I told him on my oath in his death cell , I would carry on his work . ''
Although he has opened Syria 's border to jihadists and has allowed Saddam 's supporters to operate freely there , that choice may not be entirely his .
Obsolete dreams of grandeur should not be allowed to interfere with a realistic and fair distribution of power in the international arena .
The typical cycle -- Argentina offers a perfect example -- is one where inflation is allowed to rise for a period .
He never allowed himself to be duped by Hitler 's cronies .
It must be clear by now that Pyongyang is determined to keep its nuclear weapons program in order to obtain a credible assurance from the US that its bizarre and repressive regime will be allowed to survive .
Despite massive evidence of the widespread death , poverty , suffering , and dysfunction she and her late husband , the dictator Ferdinand Marcos , inflicted on the Philippines , the only real disappointment she has subsequently endured has been losing the last presidential election she was allowed to contest .
More than 80 % said Estrada should be allowed to languish in a lush private family vacation home where he already spent the last six years awaiting his verdict .
Notwithstanding the opinion polls , it does seem as though the public not only accepts his conviction , but that they respect it as the outcome of a fair system that has been allowed to work .
Would he have allowed himself such a vacation while his city was being ravaged by heat and toxic smog ?
The money allowed Iraq to begin to address security , production , and technology issues throughout its oil system .
This allowed many European Union countries to approach the crisis with room for maneuver .
Alas , if they are allowed to run the show , Ukraine might face more redistribution of fortunes than cleansing of corruption , letting the revolutionary public down .
The international community allowed change in Tunisia and Egypt to proceed at those countries ' own pace .
Yugoslavia 's new leadership should now be allowed to deal with Milosevic in a way that promotes democracy within Yugoslavia .
Feeling sympathy for Norway is hard . Thanks to its massive North Sea oil reserves , the country has achieved a level of wealth unimaginable only a generation ago - and which has allowed it to cold-shoulder the European Union since 1994 .
The legislature 's role and influence in these three countries also vary . In Tunisia and Egypt , authoritarian regimes allowed no political space for dissenting voices .
This allowed us to make concrete progress on implementation of the EU 's six-point ceasefire plan between Russia and Georgia .
This allowed us to make concrete progress on implementation of the EU 's six-point ceasefire plan between Russia and Georgia .
The board would be allowed to base its choices on raters ' past performance .
As far as equity-based compensation is concerned , executives should not be allowed to cash out options and shares given to them for a period of , say , five years after the time of `` vesting '' -- that is , the point at which the options and shares have been `` earned '' and may not be taken away from the executive .
But , by being allowed to acquire popular legitimacy and a high degree of acceptance within the political establishment as the driving force behind the ruling party 's preparations for the post-Mubarak era , Gamal is being positioned strategically to compete effectively for the presidency .
The Gaza cease-fire should be allowed to facilitate reconciliation between Fatah and Hamas , which would make the Annapolis process more legitimate and inclusive .
It accepted a truce , brokered by an Egyptian government fearful of Iran 's influence in neighboring Gaza , that not only gave Hamas political legitimacy and undermined the international community 's policy of not negotiating with this fundamentalist group , but that also allowed it to continue rearming .
Obama 's ascension to the US presidency represents a revolutionary landmark in America 's history that should not be allowed to fall victim to inflated expectations .
To the Israelis , Europe became the essayist Mario Andrea Rigoni 's `` old lady , who after she had allowed herself all sorts of liberties ... and a great number of horrors , would like , once she has reached the age of society , fatigue , and weakness , to see the world adapt itself to her needs for moderation , equity , and peace . ''
Israel should not , however , rejoice at being so far away from Europe , because Europe 's way is not far-fetched ; the world can not be allowed to operate for long outside a reasonable international system of rules and laws .
The arrest warrant for al-Bashir should not be allowed to spur further attempts by his government to sabotage the CPA and the fragile process leading to the 2011 referendum .
Nor should the international neglect that has for too long allowed the Darfur genocide to go unpunished recur when it comes to sustaining the quest for peace in Sudan .
Now , however , the international community is bound to scrutinize how wars are conducted , and crimes of war will not be allowed to go unpunished .
It is a major flaw of the system of international law that the application of the lofty principles of universal justice should be conditioned by the global balance of political power , and that the world 's most notorious abusers , such as Libya and Iran , are allowed to pose as guardians of human rights in UN agencies .
The Mecca agreement that brought forth the unity government in Palestine will inevitably temper Hamas ' radicalism , just as the regime 's avoidance in Jordan of an `` Egyptian solution '' to the Islamist challenge allowed the Islamic Action Front to contain within the movement many who would have been otherwise drawn into the jihadist orbit .
That is , when the effects of a financial institution 's activities are sufficiently large , the country affected should be allowed to assume regulatory power , irrespective of the institution 's domicile .
By contrast , the EU Constitution is written with the unspoken understanding that the institutions it is setting up are transitory , that they are far from optimal , and that it would be desirable to change them right now if political realities allowed it .
But the impact of free migration -LRB- when allowed -RRB- on French plumbers ' incomes is in fact minimal , not least because of the smallness of the new member states compared to the whole of Western Europe .
Their inflation was lower , and they oriented their policies toward maintaining a competitive exchange rate through the adoption of a so-called `` crawling band , '' whereby the currency is allowed to fluctuate within a band around a central parity .
Managing a floating rate has also allowed Latin American countries to accumulate a significant level of international reserves .
As the crisis hit , stronger banking systems and effective macroeconomic policies -- including fiscal responsibility and low public debt , exchange-rate flexibility , and a large accumulation of international reserves -- allowed Latin American countries to implement unprecedented countercyclical policies .
Scientists generally agree that research should be done within that period -- and always allowed on spare embryos that will never be implanted .
The model 's decadence is now so clear that Raúl Castro 's government has begun heavy cuts in Cuba 's enormous state bureaucracy and has allowed a limited number of private businesses .
Various court rulings have determined that this process allowed richer districts to spend more than poorer ones and ordered states to equalize spending .
The constitutional balanced-budget rules -LRB- for operating budgets , with borrowing allowed for capital spending such as school construction -RRB- found in many US states have by and large worked well , and Germany has recently moved in this direction .
Physicians are not required to be present at the suicide , and they are not allowed to administer the lethal drug .
But US political and economic stability was never in doubt in 2000 , because public confidence in the country 's governing institutions allowed them to resolve the conflict peacefully .
The court recently ruled that Nawaz Sharif , who Musharraf unseated eight years ago , must be allowed to return from exile .
The judge also took the testimony of a number of Habré 's DDS directors , and even allowed former victims to confront their torturers face to face .
Following the coup , Bhutto and Nawaz fled into exile , and were allowed back into the country only after Musharraf , hoping that their return would help deflect public attention from the lawyers ' protest movement , announced that he would hold elections .
It severed relations with Afghanistan 's Taliban regime , which it had helped to install five years earlier , and allowed America to use its air space to launch strikes on Afghanistan .
Pakistan let the US use its air bases to launch drone attacks on Taliban fighters in Afghanistan and northwestern Pakistan ; allowed its territory to be used as a supply route for NATO forces in landlocked Afghanistan ; and , less enthusiastically than the US wished , launched military operations against Taliban sanctuaries on the Pakistani side of the porous border with Afghanistan .
The Jalaluddin Haqqani group , which was allowed to base itself in a sanctuary in Pakistan 's North Waziristan tribal agency , was one such ally that Pakistan 's government thought could be used to further its interests in Afghanistan .
The Wrong Lesson of Munich NEW YORK -- Seventy years ago this month in Munich , the British prime minister , Neville Chamberlain , signed a document that allowed Germany to grab a large chunk of Czechoslovakia .
Tibetans , in other words , should be allowed to modernize themselves .
If Tibetans should be allowed to break away from China , why not the Welsh from Britain , the Basques from Spain , the Kurds from Turkey , or the Kashmiris from India ?
The only candidates allowed to run were men with impeccable religious credentials , loyal to a regime whose most important decisions are made by unelected clerics .
When it became clear that most had elected to stay , and were joined by extended families , many were grudgingly allowed to become citizens of European states , without necessarily being treated as such .
Unlike in Canada or the United States , economic immigrants are not allowed to become citizens in exchange for their necessary labor .
Egyptians should be allowed to make that choice .
But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
The Libyan tyrant happily allowed his opponents , or anyone who annoyed him , to be tortured or killed . So it seems only right that he died with summary violence .
Following an assassination attempt by an aide-de-camp , Dadis Camara fled the country , and the interim junta leader , General Sékouba Konaté , allowed the opposition political parties to appoint a civilian prime minister .
Indeed , up until the 1967 Supreme Court ruling that struck down anti-miscegenation laws throughout the US , interracial marriages were an oddity even where they were legally allowed .
If Muslims are not to be allowed to build anything Islamic anywhere near Ground Zero , let those who feel insulted strive to change the law through an open democratic process in which the reasons for a legal ban can be argued openly and without fig leafs .
The wolf 's `` justifications '' for his evil action were a luxury that he allowed himself .
At the end of July , another Lega Nord MP , Paola Goisis , proposed in Parliament that teachers from Italy 's south should not be allowed to teach in northern schools unless they are well versed in the history , traditions , and dialects of the area where the school is located .
And , like ocean piracy and airplane hijacking , cyber-crime can not be allowed to go unpunished if we are to safeguard our common assets and collective interests .
Taiwan has also allowed mini-links to be opened so that the residents of Kinmen -LRB- an offshore island -RRB- and Xiamen -LRB- a port city of China -RRB- can enjoy unrestrained travel across the Strait .
But women who believe that their best hope for security is to find a husband often tell interviewers that if other women are allowed to escape the biological consequences of having sex , men will be less willing to offer marriage in return for it .
They are intrinsically time-bound attempts to come to terms with issues , and they should be allowed to run their course if they are based on deliberations by elected majorities of representatives .
Palestinians would be allowed into Israel only at a small number of checkpoints , and the settlers would soon find their own position untenable and return to Israel .
It should , however , be allowed , while at the same time common spaces should be both available and safe for all .
Moreover , the tape carried the data that allowed the machine to proceed .
But , by picking up Chirac 's challenge , Blair has allowed himself to be drawn away from the general European dilemma -LRB- what to do about the Constitutional Treaty -RRB- -- for which Britain is not to blame -- to a specific policy problem -LRB- the CAP 's finances -RRB- on which Britain is isolated .
They are not normally allowed to own stock in financial firms -LRB- at least in the jurisdictions that I know -RRB- .
Should it have been allowed to rescue the insurance giant AIG so expensively , without approval by the US Congress ?
This consensus has been maintained through a long period in which exchange rates between the major Western currencies have been allowed to find their own level .
Falling interest rates in recent years pushed up real estate prices and allowed America 's upper middle class to treat their houses as enormous ATM 's , lowering savings still more .
But our chances of ensuring a more sustainable world would be higher if we had not allowed ourselves to be blinded for the past decade by the combination of the public-relations stunt known as the Kyoto Treaty and the idiocy-as-usual known as the Bush administration .
· the Fed and the Treasury decided , once we were in trouble , to nationalize AIG and pay its bills rather than to support its counterparties , which allowed financiers to pretend that their strategies were fundamentally sound ;
If interest rates were allowed to fall , these extra workers would be employed building houses and making things to sell to all the people whose incomes come from the construction sector .
The `` borders '' between East and West that Ataturk largely abolished in Turkey must not be allowed to form again in the minds of a new generation .
The current pro-military constitution lacks credibility because Aung San Suu Kyi , the Nobel Peace Prize laureate who has spent 12 of the past 18 years under house arrest or in prison , and other democratic and ethnic minority leaders have not been allowed to participate in the drafting process .
Although it is far from an exact precedent , the historic 1972 Shanghai Communiqué signed by China and the US , which allowed both governments to `` agree to disagree '' on many issues while committing themselves to dialogue at the highest levels , offers a promising model . This far-sighted framework 's effectiveness has been well proven over time .
Nothing that goes against the `` letter and spirit '' of the king 's dismissal of his government is allowed to be printed and broadcast , and `` action will be taken against anyone violating the notice . ''
In the 1970 's and 1980 's , West German authorities allowed psychologists and psychiatrists to interview terrorism suspects then being held in prison or awaiting trial , including members of the Red Army Faction .
The charismatic and workaholic President Uribe was allowed -- for the first time in Colombia 's modern history -- to stand for a second four-year term as an incumbent , winning outright in the first round with an absolute majority of 62 % of the popular vote .
They have allowed the advanced countries to drive the G-20 process .
This is why European leaders swallowed hard and took their unprecedented steps .
Elimination of Glass-Steagall then allowed commercial banks to encroach on the investment banks ' other traditional preserves .
Other things being equal , deregulation allowed small investors to trade stocks more cheaply , which made them better off .
In the short run , Merrill , like the other investment banks , was allowed to double up its bets .
In 1931 , after Britain and some two dozen other countries suspended gold convertibility and allowed their currencies to depreciate , countries that stuck to the gold standard found themselves in a deflationary vice .
Indeed , expanding the pool of potential managers beyond the children of a firm 's founders had precisely the opposite effect . It allowed the cream to rise to the top .
These are reasonable objections , but they should not be allowed to lead to unreasonable conclusions .
Under the Brady Plan , an accounting rule called FASB 15 allowed restructured loans to continue to be booked at their original face value , so long as the sum of interest and principal payments on the restructured instrument at least equaled that on the original credit .
This made sense so long as the IMF 's resources were limited , as the application process allowed the Fund to limit its liability .
Emerging Markets and Global Financial Reform BERKELEY -- It is fitting that the upcoming G-20 summit is being held in Pittsburg , an old industrial center of an advanced industrial country , for the advanced countries have been allowed to set the agenda for strengthening financial systems .
But this observation points to what is needed : a regime that defines the conditions to be met before a country 's banks are allowed in .
Otherwise , emerging markets should be able to say that banks from that country will not be allowed to enter .
The second priority should be defining a strict emerging-market standard for regulating foreign banks after they are allowed in .
Their decision must be respected . But they can not be allowed to stop the enlargement process .
It also sets a limit on how much debt the US Treasury is allowed to issue .
The first was that Russia has reestablished a `` sphere of interest '' in Europe , where countries are no longer allowed to pursue their own goals without Moscow accepting them .
In other words , Russia is being allowed to re-assert its `` sphere of influence '' -- a concept that should have been superceded by that of `` Europe Whole and Free , '' which the entire European Union appeared to have embraced when communism collapsed .
Both would have to answer a lot of difficult questions and convince others that they are able to live up to NATO 's democratic requirements before being allowed to join .
If this is allowed to continue , we might end up opening a Pandora 's Box , setting free the nationalistic and xenophobic ghosts of the past .
Invoking RtoP , that response began with a warning and the threat of sanctions and prosecution at the International Criminal Court , and only subsequently allowed military force to protect civilians .
Coercive military action was allowed to take two forms : `` all necessary measures '' to enforce a no-fly zone , and `` all necessary measures ... to protect civilians and civilian populated areas under threat of attack . '' Boots on the ground -- `` a foreign occupation force '' -- were expressly excluded .
The euro zone should therefore offer the UK an honorable compromise in which Britain would be allowed to become a full member of the EMU and take a seat in all of its institutions like the European Central Bank and the ministerial Eurogroup , while also being able to keep the pound in its relations with third countries .
No one has proven able to eliminate bubbles in economies where markets are allowed to function .
In retrospect , it is clear that some of the countries were allowed to join prematurely , when they still had massive budget deficits and high debt-to-GDP ratios .
Rising house prices also allowed homeowners to refinance their mortgages , obtaining additional cash to spend on other things .
Indeed , in the five months since that announcement , the Chinese government has allowed the renminbi to appreciate by 3.1 % -- not much less than the average rate of appreciation that it allowed between 2006 and 2008 .
The exchange rate was actually frozen during the financial crisis , but has been allowed to increase since the summer of 2010 .
If Greece is allowed to default in the coming weeks , financial markets will indeed regard defaults by Spain and Italy as much more likely .
Indeed , the regime welcomed George W. Bush and his neo-con administration , because it allowed Iran 's leaders to close ranks , and at the same time delivered free access to influence in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Even when times were better , Merkel 's passive political style allowed vacuums to form , which were filled by other political forces within her party .
Instead , the US allowed a political vacuum to form in the absence of any movement on the part of Israel 's government .
The violent reactions last year to the caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad published in a Danish newspaper saw a confused Western response , with governments tripping over their tongues trying to explain what the media should and should not be allowed to do in the name of political satire .
Hedge Funds : The Sting is in the Tail PHILADELPHIA -- Imagine that you are shopping for a high-performance car , but that you are not allowed to look under the hood . What 's inside is a secret .
The same logic applies to hedge funds : investors are typically not allowed to know how they work , and no warranties are offered .
In return for its support , political leaders like ex-president Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei have allowed the IRGC to grow into a semi-autonomous state-within-a-state .
Moreover , the level of non-performing loans in Chinese banks was quite low when Lehman Brothers collapsed , which allowed Chinese policymakers to let it increase in order to battle the crisis .
While Putin 's policies could have been much worse -- it is legitimate to give him credit where it is due -- Russia should not be allowed to take the West for granted .
A communications network that allowed rapid dissemination of ideas served a common spirit .
Three dark possibilities exist : anarchy of the type that allowed Osama bin Laden to flourish in Afghanistan , civil wars of the sort that ravaged Algeria and Sudan , or a new Saddam-style authoritarianism .
Under the slogan of the market , the current regime has allowed depravity to flourish on television and in mass culture .
If this process is allowed to take its course , it will stimulate global growth and serve to reduce poverty .
Second , the ICC is said to have allowed itself to become a tool of national political leaders .
There is some risk that appreciation of the exchange rate if greater flexibility were allowed could precipitate deflation .
Instead , Putin has allowed Gazprom 's management to block proposals from his own government on the long overdue unbundling of the company .
If people are to feel committed to the place where they live , they must be allowed to influence decision-making , and that influence should not depend on nationality .
More private firms must be allowed to make IPOs . # 4 .
Under Mao , when the Chinese Communist Party sought accommodation , diplomatic recognition , and overseas development aid from Japan , Chinese were not allowed to confront their past victimization at the hands of Western and Japanese imperialism .
This changed with the advent of floating exchange rates in the early 1970 's , which allowed more stability-conscious countries , such as Germany , to decouple from a US monetary policy that they considered too inflationary .
The key problem is simple : until 2008 , these countries enjoyed a long boom based on cheap and plentiful credit , which allowed them to finance large current-account deficits .
But in September 2008 , the United States government thought otherwise , and allowed Lehman Brothers to fail in order to impose market discipline .
The case of Greece has raised the simple but profound question : can a member state of the EU be allowed to fail ?
The view that member states can not be allowed to fail logically implies that a political or at least a fiscal union must underpin the euro .
Even the recent earthquake in Sichuan revealed how Chinese politics are changing . Cameras were allowed in ; senior officials were seen and heard .
It is conceivable that Iran could be allowed a symbolic `` right '' to enrich , but any enrichment program would have to be extremely small so as not to pose a strategic threat .
But reaching an accord that sets binding ceilings for what each country will be allowed to emit is not an option in Copenhagen .
Terrorists can not be allowed to forever frustrate the search for peace .
The Muslim Brotherhood should be allowed to participate in the political process so long as it accepts the legitimacy of that process , the rule of law , and the constitution .
Experience with alcohol suggests that these approaches may modestly reduce , but not eliminate , the harms associated with use , especially if sellers are allowed to promote their wares .
Indeed , the scale of any increase in marijuana use will critically depend on how tightly regulated marijuana sales are -- how many licensed growers there are , the number of sales outlets , their locations and trading hours , eligibility requirements for use , content of THC -LRB- marijuana 's psychoactive ingredient -RRB- , and how much promotion and advertising is allowed .
If marijuana were allowed to be marketed much like alcohol is now , we could expect more problem users than if it were regulated more like pharmaceutical drugs -LRB- say , by requiring users to be licensed ; restricting the number of sales locations , hours of sale , and licensed growers ; and imposing high rates of taxation on higher-THC marijuana -RRB- .
The three new agencies will not only enforce common technical standards , which may eventually become binding throughout the EU if endorsed by the European Commission , but will also be allowed to settle disputes between national supervisors .
More importantly , they have destroyed the doctrine of `` stability '' that allowed the regimes and the West to exploit the region and provide security for Israel .
Having invaded an oil-rich Arab country that played no role in the terrorist attack of September 11 , 2001 , the United States has imprudently allowed itself to be sucked into its attackers ' primitive logic of collective punishment and group revenge .
If we are to have a good chance of achieving that target , the concentration of CO2 must not be allowed to exceed 450 parts per million -LRB- it is now nearly 390 ppm -RRB- .
If this perception was channeled democratically and allowed to shape Arab countries ' policies toward Israel , any peace negotiations would be even more complicated than they are now .
Al Thani 's political audacity stems partly from Qatar 's enormous gas resources , which have allowed him to develop vigorous policies in all areas , especially in foreign affairs .
While large numbers of bank employees were laid off , Estonia 's emphasis on IT allowed it to become more competitive , with rising productivity fueling a sustained period of rapid economic growth -- 11 % in 2006 .
As long as such a `` one-pillar-approach '' is unavailable , there is no convincing reason why the ECB should change a strategy which has served it well and allowed it to establish a remarkable track record .
Instead , all Iraqis were allowed to participate in the process , and , though consensus was not ultimately reached , that , too , was a part of the democratization process .
In addition , Uribe 's absence allowed Chávez to avoid responding to Colombia 's accusations that Venezuela and its ally Ecuador support the narco-Marxist FARC .
The government allowed employment discrimination to go unchecked , leaving the majority of Roma without jobs , and communities were plunged deeper into poverty .
With the 5150 , IBM moved into mass production of a standardized commodity using components produced by other companies . `` Big Blue '' -LRB- as IBM is known -RRB- allowed other companies -LRB- notably the infant Microsoft -RRB- to develop its software .
It began as a result of weakness in a specific sector -- residential mortgages -- after a bubble in home prices allowed many Americans to borrow massively , and often disastrously , against the putative value of their equity in order to finance purchases .
The banks themselves established what in effect were their own substitute markets , which allowed their customers and themselves to price instruments that would otherwise have been impossible to value .
It calmed markets , and Britain 's departure from the gold standard freed monetary policy from its previous constraints , and allowed a monetary stabilization .
The balanced budget thus allowed Britain to have a strong recovery , ensuring that the 1930 's were a much better decade for the British economy than the 1920 's had been .
In particular , the application of digital technology , introduced after a ferocious struggle with the powerful print unions , brought substantial cost savings and allowed a new era of journalism .
For example , freezers that require CFC 's can be freely exported from , say , Sweden , where they can no longer legally be refilled when required , to Egypt , where refilling is allowed .
After Ixtoc , the blow to the Mexican fisheries became a blessing in disguise . The dramatic reduction in fishing pressure allowed the devastated populations to recover , and five years later one had to look carefully to spot either remaining oil or damaged populations .
Most people saw the consolidation of smaller firms into fewer , large firms as a stabilizing development that rewarded success and allowed for further productive investment .
And lower interest rates over the past decade -- brought down to German levels through Greece being allowed , rather generously , into the euro zone -- led to little more than further deficits and a dangerous buildup of government debt .
This expectation lowers the cost of credit for megabanks today -LRB- relative to their competitors , which are small enough that they are more likely to be allowed to fail -RRB- .
We may get a better picture of China 's public health system as a result of the SARS crisis , but when it comes to the country 's political health , there is little to suggest that criticism will be tolerated or opposition allowed .
Negotiation is necessary , and it must be sufficient , but progress will be impossible if North Korea is allowed to turn its mere participation in the six-party talks into a bargaining chip .
Three countries -- Pakistan , India , and North Korea -- have been allowed to develop nuclear weapons , proving that there are no remaining political or moral arguments against nuclear proliferation , only air strikes or bribery .
So is Russia , where , despite encouraging talk about innovation-based development , the economy continues to de-modernize as corruption has been allowed to metastasize , and as the country relies increasingly on its natural-resource wealth .
Some Russians fear that if China is allowed to build these projects , crowds of Chinese will flock into the country . My answer is this : if we stay where we are , like the proverbial dog in the manger , the hay -- Russia 's economy -- will rot .
Qaddafi can not be allowed to think that he can massacre his people with impunity .
But this fluid hierarchy , an absence of written rules and organizational order , allowed the various seminaries -- and their different interpretive traditions -- to survive despotic political regimes and resist intervention by different dynasties and monarchies .
The West should learn from the example of Russian President Vladimir Putin , who did not travel to Iran until he was allowed a direct meeting with Khamenei , during which Putin is reported to have made a proposal to end the nuclear stand-off .
But reformists ask : if the Supreme Leader does not even permit the Khatami faction to have a newspaper , would he really have allowed Khatami to become president ?
Thus , initially intimidated by the post-election crisis , the regime acceded to the October 1 proposal in Geneva that would have allowed the controlled enrichment of Iran 's uranium outside the country .
Unless Ukraine 's democratic opposition is allowed to take part in the election , a new crisis is certain .
The Bush administration 's incoherent foreign policy included a plan to build a missile defense shield in Poland and the Czech Republic , which allowed Putin to revive the Old Europe\/New Europe divisions that began with the Iraq war , with this split appearing to enhance Russian influence on the continent .
While America 's courts allowed executions to proliferate , most of the world -LRB- 108 countries in all -RRB- moved in the opposite direction .
Taiwan should also be allowed to participate in the International Atomic Energy Agency in the area of nuclear safety , just as it became an observer at the World Health Organization during the SARS and avian flu pandemics of the 1990 's .
America 's withdrawal from Afghanistan must not be allowed to call this stability into question .
Although Ozawa retains considerable influence and so may be able to exercise his will on the DPJ , this must not be allowed to happen .
As international capital and credit markets grew and Europeans increasingly allowed capital to move freely , it became impossible for them to control their money supplies .
Wim Duisenberg died last year , but his values , philosophy , and wisdom must not be allowed to die with him .
This allowed Germany to improve its competitive position in world markets vis-à-vis the other large euro-zone economies , where there were no productivity revolutions , silent or otherwise .
The most important one for central bankers is that they should cut interest rates -- and cut them fast -- to re-assure market participants that turmoil in financial markets will not be allowed to affect the real economy .
A Wake-Up Call for the ECB Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke has allowed global stock markets to railroad him into a whopping 75-basis-point cut in interest rates just one week before the regularly scheduled meeting of the Fed 's decision-making Open Market Committee .
Attempts at obfuscation -- whether by talking about an `` economic peace , '' or insisting that Arabs recognize the Jewishness of the state of Israel -- should not be allowed to derail the goal of ending the inadmissible occupation .
Its just concluded sixth congress was held for the first time in the occupied territories , which meant that former guerrillas from Lebanon and Jordan were allowed entry by Israel .
Palestinian refugees in exile and other Palestinians living in the diaspora were not allowed to vote .
East Jerusalem Palestinians were allowed to vote only at the post office or at booths outside the city limits .
Indeed , the task that Abbas faces will become impossible if the Israeli policy of `` targeted killings '' is allowed to continue while Palestinian leaders are working seriously to put an end to acts of violence against Israelis .
All this changes now that the National Front no longer has a two-thirds majority -- which had allowed it to amend the constitution 40 times in 50 years .
But Ellwanger 's appeal , which took almost a year for Brazil 's Supreme Court to hear and decide , put Brazil squarely on the side of those who believe that inciting hatred against even a small minority - such as Jews in Brazil - can not be allowed in the name of freedom of speech .
It was only in 1995-96 that the US eased its position and allowed the yen to depreciate against the dollar .
At the same time , it has allowed farmers across China to fall victim to an epidemic of illegal land grabs by local governments and developers .
For example , access to international food supplies allowed Saudi Arabia to abandon its 30-year program of subsidies for domestic wheat production .
As a result , the Czech and Polish governments were unable to answer fundamental questions about the costs and benefits of the deployment for Polish and Czech national security . This allowed skeptics and opponents of missile defense to gain the upper hand in the internal debates in both countries .
Its one-to-one peg to the dollar impeded the rapid recovery in output that its neighbors ' flexible arrangements allowed .
The 1949 communist takeover in China , the Cold War , America 's adoption of Japan as its pampered protégé , and the failure to prosecute Emperor Hirohito for war crimes , allowed Japan to avoid a moral reckoning .
Bureaucrats must not be allowed to spend the huge donations collected and state relief funds allotted in an arbitrary manner .
Even more surprisingly , the government , under the pressure of public opinion , has allowed Bing Dian to resume publication .
These countries all had strong external balance sheets and ample room for fiscal maneuver before the crisis , which allowed them to apply countercyclical policies to combat external shocks .
Rapid and effective isolation of infected cases , together with efficient tracing and monitoring of the contacts made by those infected with SARS , allowed public health officials in Hong Kong , Toronto , Singapore , and Vietnam to contain the epidemic .
For example , the fanatical Red Guard movement swallowed up almost every youth of the right age .
Furthermore , new coal-fired power plants may no longer be allowed on either side of the border , necessitating greater use of natural gas and renewable energy sources .
Increasingly , alarmists claim that we should not be allowed to hear such facts .
The climate threat is so great -- and democracies are doing so little about it -- that people conclude that maybe democracy is part of the problem , and that perhaps people ought not to be allowed to express heterodox opinions on such an important topic .
Over time , they argue , the tax should be allowed to rise slowly to encourage the deployment of effective , affordable technology alternatives .
Participation in a common financial market should not be allowed for free riders who refuse to share information .
Too often , special interests are allowed to overrule common European interests .
No one cares whether they are humiliated or crushed under foot -LRB- as the seeds were allowed to be at the exhibition 's opening -RRB- .
Either way , the outside world must not be allowed to have any idea as to what fate awaits Ai .
But Ai never allowed himself to be hired as an official regime hack .
Africa 's people must be allowed to gain confidence , dignity , and a sense of self-worth .
These businesses would not be allowed to exist otherwise .
And so , as Muslims were intellectually regressing , Europeans began their renaissance , developing improved ways of meeting their needs , including the manufacture of weapons that eventually allowed them to dominate the world .
In a remarkable development , Chinese language and culture , which had been suppressed for decades , is allowed free expression .
It is a tragedy that ignorance of how much Indonesia has changed is being allowed to endanger its democratic development -- and its role as a beacon of freedom and hope in the Islamic world .
The few trips I was allowed to take as a citizen of Socialist Romania did , of course , have moments of rapture for me , novice that I was .
They are imprisoned for their Stalinist allegiance ; when they are finally allowed to return to Italy , their old comrades refuse to accept them .
ANN ARBOR -- The quality of refereeing at the World Cup had been a source of relief until June 18 , when referee Koman Coulibaly of Mali disallowed a perfectly legitimate goal by the United States that would have given it an all-important win over Slovenia .
Unfortunately , the DPJ scrapped an LDP-sponsored civil-service reform bill , which would have allowed the DPJ to replace mandarins with an army of political appointees .
After all , the West is now paying a high price for allowing the ordinary people of the Middle East to live for so long in hopeless squalor while their rulers wallowed in oil wealth .
Sensors that convert light waves into electronic signals eliminated the need for film on space telescopes , while computer chip technology -LRB- integrated circuits -RRB- allowed communication satellites to be operated without periodic human repair .
This may help , it but wo n't address the real issue : how could regulators have allowed this problem to recur after so much bitter experience , and why should they now be allowed to investigate themselves ?
The nub of the anti-depressant crisis is not that these drugs could do so much harm , but that they were allowed to do so when the precedents were so plain .
Khrushchev 's speech also ignited the feud between Mao 's China and the USSR , for it allowed Mao to claim the crown of world revolutionary leadership .
As the organ crisis continued to deepen , we allowed donations from the living .
But those problems should not be allowed to obscure the continent 's many success stories -- much less to be defined as Africa 's alone .
Bronek was proud of Poland 's stubborn will to freedom , its achievements , the democratic transformation which , thanks to the compromise reached at the Round Table negotiations , allowed for a bloodless end to dictatorship . He was proud of Poland 's membership in NATO and the European Union , of Polish economic successes .
But the key point is that no reckless exposure would be possible in a system where shareholders and creditors knew that they would not be bailed out , and supervisors were not allowed to gamble on resurrection of their supervised entities , but rather were obliged to call them to account as soon as they started misbehaving .
If doctors , computer specialists , or engineers -LRB- let alone the proverbial Polish plumbers ! -RRB- were allowed to move freely , the concentration of talent in the richest countries would most likely increase .
The Web site of the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs has a comprehensive database that shows how many trucks , containing different kinds of supplies , have been allowed in by the Israeli authorities .
Globalization must not be allowed to blind us .
The urban intelligentsia and professionals have been pampered with material perks and political recognition , while new private entrepreneurs have been allowed to join the Party .
The dilemma concerning Iran is whether a power imbued with an `` absolute '' ideology can be allowed to be in control of an `` absolute '' weapon .
He did not mellow , but was swallowed by history 's zeitgeist .
Daily violence should not be allowed to hide deeper strategic realities : victory was around the corner , and soon , the world -- despite all the anti-Bush propaganda -- would recognize it .
According to the school of rational criticism , when existing theories can neither explain nor solve current problems , the formulation of new hypotheses -- and thus new scientific knowledge -- is , like innovation , more likely to flourish when constructive criticism is openly allowed and encouraged .
Turkey 's government even allowed Turkish exporters to bill in Iranian rials .
But , in order to secure public support , Assad 's government has allowed for greater domestic consumption , so foreign imports are rising fast .
Perhaps realizing that an entertained and distracted populace is less likely to complain about public policy , the Party has allowed entertainment programming to follow the Western model , lessening the need for micro-managed censorship .
If developing countries are allowed to grow , and there is no corresponding mitigation of the growth in their carbon emissions , average per capita CO2 emissions around the world will nearly double in the next 50 years , to roughly four times the safe level , regardless of what advanced countries do .
While such targets should be self-imposed by advanced countries , they should be allowed to fulfill their obligations , at least in part , by paying to reduce emissions in developing countries -LRB- where such efforts may yield greater benefits -RRB- .
Conflict between advanced and developing countries over responsibility for mitigating carbon emissions should not be allowed to undermine prospects for a global agreement .
A look at the historical experience of the Jews shows that while most Jews were mired in poverty at the beginning of the twentieth century , over time they tended to do disproportionately well in societies that allowed them to compete on an equal basis .
However , Mousavi will face many obstacles in the months leading up to the June 12 vote , and he will succeed only if allowed to by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Those held simply because they do not support the government must be freed and allowed to participate in the democratic process .
They were , at that stage , much smaller and had an elongated shape that allowed them to slip between other cells .
The message : girls could be tough , and boys were allowed not to be .
Taming North Korea The fires of the Middle East must not be allowed to distract the world 's attention from the threat posed by North Korea 's nuclear ambitions , which it demonstrated by its recent test of a long-range missile .
Bush has allowed his representative to the six-party talks to meet separately with the North Koreans within the six-party framework , but he failed to provide adequate incentives .
But the Bush administration failed to control rioting , disbanded the Iraqi army , and allowed the security situation to deteriorate .
He ensured that actions such as the famous 1930 salt march to the sea maintained a slow pace that allowed the drama and tension to build .
The third generation arose from tactics developed by the Germans to break the stalemate of trench warfare in 1918 , which Germany perfected in the Blitzkrieg tactics that allowed it to defeat larger French and British tank forces in the conquest of France in 1940 .
Qatar , a small peninsula off the coast of Saudi Arabia , allowed its territory to be used as the US military headquarters in the invasion of Iraq , while at the same time sponsoring Al Jazeera , the most popular television station in the region , which was highly critical of American actions .
This is why capital-account regulations are allowed under IMF rules , and why the attempt to introduce capital-account convertibility into the IMF 's Articles of Agreement was defeated in 1997 .
Those that were still operating were given stringent profitability targets , were allowed to choose the people they hired , and were encouraged to raise money on private stock exchanges , which effectively propelled them into the private sector as `` red chip '' corporations .
I wasted no time in asking the Israeli authorities for permission to travel to Europe . But I was told that only patients in need of emergency medical evacuation would be allowed out -- not students .
I am sure to be one of the many who will not be allowed to leave .
Some PDP politicians in the Muslim north insisted that their region be allowed to present a candidate , as Obasanjo , who was viewed as representing the Christian south , had served eight years . They were rebuffed .
It would be better if the ECB and the EU finance ministers adopted a common position ahead of G-7 meetings , then allowed their joint view to be represented by a single Council representative and the ECB 's president .
Appeasing Serbia This month has been a bad one for the cause of human rights in Europe , as Serbia was allowed to begin its six-month presidency of the Council of Europe , the Continent 's oldest political body .
In December 2006 , NATO allowed Serbia to join its Partnership for Peace , even though there were still war criminals at large in the country .
The Foreign Minister and the European Security Council must be allowed to use all available European leverage to the fullest .
Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has rightly allowed convoys of food and medicine into Gaza during the fighting , and Israeli hospitals are treating several injured Gazan citizens .
Stepping in to back the embattled president , the Organization of American States recently issued a call that Toledo be allowed to finish his term .
They should be allowed to work .
Spain , Greece , Portugal , and Ireland , in particular , allowed the low interest rates that accompanied the euro 's introduction to fuel domestic booms .
With chocolate and cardamom now allowed into Gaza , Israel is applying a `` smarter '' siege , which will keep Palestinians here isolated , poor , and aid-dependent , but not starving .
Seriously ill patients require permission to be treated in West Bank hospitals , and some are reportedly pressed to collaborate with Israel 's security services in return for being allowed out .
We allowed convenient cultural stereotyping to sustain what we believed was the expedient pursuit of our national interest .
Instead , it is claimed , eurozone members should have been allowed to default .
Only the eurozone seems to be bucking the trend , as the European Central Bank has allowed a rise in the short-term interest rate .
If ASEAN is not allowed a mediating role , the Thai-Cambodian spat may wind its way back to the United Nations Security Council , which earlier delegated the issue to ASEAN amidst heavy lobbying by Cambodia and Thailand .
If extreme poverty is allowed to increase , it will give rise to new problems , including new diseases that will spread from countries that can not provide adequate health care to those that can .
If PETA is not allowed to state its case against our abuse of animals in the way that they judge best , because doing so might offend some people , then criticism of religion could also be prohibited on the same grounds .
`` Dreams and Facts '' concludes with these stirring words : `` No man is liberated from fear who dare not see his place in the world as it is ; no man can achieve the greatness of which he is capable until he has allowed himself to see his own littleness . ''
Yet three days -- yes , days -- after his conviction , President Richard Nixon ordered that he be released from prison and allowed to serve his sentence in a comfortable two-bedroom house . There he lived with a female companion and a staff to assist him .
Sending money to some countries is now allowed only through formal banking channels , and this has created virtual monopolies while also preventing remittance money from reaching rural areas where banks do n't operate .
The third reason for acting against Saddam is cogent : that his defiance of the Security Council since 1991 can not be allowed to stand .
But while Kolakowski `` traveled '' with the Communists and supported them for a few years , he was never really a `` good comrade '' because he never allowed himself to stop thinking for himself .
Meanwhile , journalist Parnaz Azima is not allowed to leave Iran .
None of this would have been possible if Iran 's ancient Muslim rulers had not allowed academic freedom and the free exchange of ideas and expression -- something that is sorely missing in today 's Islamic Republic .
In 1992 , Sweden 's central bank , the Riksbank , allowed private bank equity holders to be wiped out , but it rescued depositors and creditors by buying up risky assets of failing institutions .
But when the Federal Reserve allowed Lehman Brothers to fail in September of 2008 , there was widespread panic , leading the Fed to intervene to prevent the collapse of every other major player .
As Simon Johnson suggests in his book 13 Bankers , we should break up the mega-banks into smaller parts that can comfortably be allowed to fail .
There is also a broader backlash under way . Sepp Blatter , the president of FIFA , soccer 's global governing body , has been pushing a plan to limit to five the number of foreign players that club teams would be allowed to have on the field .
We might even have allowed these countries a certain measure of schadenfreude in the troubles of the United States and other rich countries , just as we might expect kids to take perverse delight from their parents ' getting into the kinds of trouble they so adamantly warn their children against .
All countries that have successfully globalized have used such policies , many of which -LRB- e.g. , subsidies , domestic-content rules , reverse engineering of patented products -RRB- are currently not allowed under WTO rules .
If China were allowed a free hand with industrial policies , it could promote manufactures directly while allowing the renminbi to appreciate .
The prosecutions have allowed him to position himself as the protector of Turkish democracy against the coup plotters allegedly still running rampant among the military and secularists .
If they are judged to be insolvent , they are allowed to fail or are taken over by federal authorities , while depositors are made whole by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation .
A second lesson is that rapid economic growth does not buy political stability on its own , unless political institutions are allowed to develop and mature rapidly as well .
China moved away from central planning and allowed markets to flourish -- first in agricultural products and , eventually , in industrial goods .
But they are unlikely to want to do so at this point , even if the US political system allowed it .
If this inflation is allowed to continue and deepen , it is likely to have effects easily as pernicious as the exchange-rate appreciation the region 's leaders are striving so hard to avoid .
Weak banks must be allowed to fail or merge -LRB- with ordinary depositors being paid off by government insurance funds -RRB- , so that strong banks can emerge with renewed vigor .
If sovereign wealth funds want to enter and keep capital-starved firms afloat in hopes of a big rebound , they should be allowed to do so .
In principle , the IMF could be allowed to print money -LRB- it already has its own accounting unit , the so-called Special Drawing Rights -RRB- .
The overwhelming consensus in the policy community is that if only the government had bailed out Lehman , the whole thing would have been a hiccup and not a heart attack . Famous investors and leading policymakers alike have opined that in our ultra-interconnected global economy , a big financial institution like Lehman can never be allowed to fail .
Anyone familiar with Dubai understands that these are but small examples of a much broader embrace of creativity that has allowed the country to court elite foreign professionals in finance and other industries .
If allowed to fester , the political consequences could be severe , including trade protectionism and perhaps even social unrest .
Emerging markets have simply become too big and too important to be allowed to play by their own set of trade rules .
Private bondholders , people and entities who lent money to banks , are being allowed to pull out their money en masse and have it replaced by public debt .
However , the possibility that rapid growth might generate higher inflation in fast-growing accession countries suggests that a slight increase in the permitted inflation margin - to , say , 2.5 percentage points - should be allowed .
But if monetized fiscal deficits are allowed to run , the increase in long-term yields will put a chokehold on growth .
Greece is currently too interconnected to be allowed to collapse : since it has about $ 400 billion of public debt -- three-quarters of which is held abroad , mostly by European financial institutions -- a disorderly default would lead to massive losses and risk a systemic crisis .
When justified by economic fundamentals , the exchange rate should be allowed to rise gradually .
In short , an optimal path of fiscal austerity would , in most countries , imply a back-loaded but credible commitment to medium-term consolidation , together with short-term additional stimulus when necessary and allowed by market conditions , thereby avoiding the prospect of a deflationary and recessionary spiral .
The advantage of a par bond is that Greece 's creditors -- banks , insurance companies , and pension funds -- would be able and allowed to continue valuing their Greek bonds at 100 cents on the euro , thereby avoiding massive losses on their balance sheets .
If India 's politicians let us down , it is because we allowed it .
If we do not , we ordinary Indians will find ourselves -- like the ordinary citizens of Hitler 's Germany - unable to look our children in the eye because of our shame of what we allowed to happen .
So products were developed that allowed investors to borrow easily in several currencies at once and invest in a portfolio of high-interest-rate currencies .
Iraqis now are among those allowed to say , write , watch , and listen to whatever they want , whenever they want .
He argued that vast amounts of foreign capital flowed through US banks to the housing sector because international investors appreciated `` the depth and sophistication of the country 's financial markets -LRB- which among other things have allowed households easy access to housing wealth -RRB- . ''
Better technologies have allowed the world economy to continue to grow despite tough resource constraints in the past .
Will they be allowed to emit carbon dioxide as in the past ?
Yet politics in the US has increasingly allowed corporate profits to dominate all other aspirations : fairness , justice , trust , physical and mental health , and environmental sustainability .
- rich and poor markets must be separated , so that cheap drugs from poor countries are not smuggled into rich countries -LRB- or are not allowed in legally through parallel-market imports -RRB- ;
Consider one example : the number of children per woman in society , known as the `` total fertility rate . '' In societies where women are not allowed to work and are expected to remain home and raise children , the number of children is very high .
The Internet allowed for a rapid worldwide dissemination of organizational plans at an extraordinarily low cost to the organizers .
By putting itself above the law , America allowed itself to succumb to barbaric behavior .
So , when Pakistan 's military leaders finally allowed elections in late December 1970 , East Pakistan voted overwhelmingly for the Bengali-nationalist Awami League , which won 167 of 169 seats in the province .
After all , such solidarity is what allowed Europe to prosper and integrate over the past 50 years .
Last year , an Australian nephrologist , Gavin Carney , held a press conference in Canberra to urge that people be allowed to sell their kidneys .
China must be both encouraged and allowed to play by the global rules , even when the symbolism of its progress may be painful to endure .
In an age when self-determination is a hallowed principle how is it possible that Taiwan - which has been part of China during only four of the last eleven decades , and has never been under the control of the People 's Republic of China - is shunned by every nation when it deigns to wonder aloud why it should not be allowed to go its own way ?
For economic convergence , if allowed to ripen , could set Taiwan and the PRC on an evolutionary course toward common sovereignty .
Like many others in Russia who are allowed to enjoy their wealth in peace today -LRB- or maybe are lamenting its loss due to the financial crisis -RRB- , he made his money in thoroughly obscure ways during the early post-Soviet years .
But that debate should not be allowed to mask the truth behind this treaty : the DR-CAFTA is more a pleading of special interests than a free-trade deal .
Human subjects are allowed to be bitten by 100 mosquitoes that could carry malaria in a study in Brazil .
Taiwan 's people know that they can not prosper as a democracy if ethnic divisiveness is allowed to hold sway .
Such a nightmare scenario is n't at all likely in Hong Kong , but a steady rot of Hong Kong 's vitality is . For if the frustrations of ordinary Hong Kong citizens are allowed to fester without a genuine commitment by China to allow for universal suffrage by 2007 , a far more serious eruption of social and political unrest beckons .
The successes of Hong Kong , Singapore , China , and South Korea should serve as a powerful reminder that Thailand has great potential , if only its elites would stop behaving like spoiled children playing a game at which only they are allowed to win .
That loophole allowed his former friends and colleagues on Wall Street to pay themselves billion-dollar bonuses while keeping those firms afloat with taxpayers ' money .
The government had allowed bankers to `` negotiate '' the results , like a student taking a final examination and then negotiating her grade .
But public anger over sky-high price growth precipitated by the oil crises finally allowed central banks to tighten credit and smother inflation with massive global recessions .
Then any inflationary monetary policy errors driven by exaggerated fears of deflation will be allowed to stand , and the cumulative inflation will offset any returns on investments in long-term bonds .
Inequality and Its Discontents Leaders around the world seem to be convinced that inequality and lack of broad participation in economic growth , if allowed to persist , will lead to social discord and even violence .
The growth of the financial markets ' sophistication has allowed risks to be sliced and diced and spread further than ever before .
The price of the insurance would have to be adjusted regularly to adjust for varying public knowledge of the likelihood of a recession , and people could not be allowed to cancel their policies , and stop making payments , whenever the economic outlook became rosier .
And if economic actors are always rational , then no bubbles -- irrational market responses -- are allowed .
The public in much of the world now understands that central bankers will be allowed to do their work without interference from politicians .
Reinhart and Rogoff describe a `` this time is different syndrome '' during the pre-crisis boom , whereby these bubbles are allowed to continue for far too long , because people think that past episodes are irrelevant .
According to `` rational expectations , '' bubbles simply did not exist -- which meant that actual bubbles were allowed to grow .
With the coming of globalization , seed companies were allowed to sell seeds for which the companies had certified their safety . In the case of genetically engineered seed , these companies are again seeking self-regulation for bio-safety .
No power , not even the United Nations , should be allowed to change them without the consent of the country concerned .
Sometimes , of course , the two overlap . The Mail on Sunday and its sister paper , The Daily Mail , justified their publication of revelations by Browne 's former companion on the grounds that they include allegations that Browne had allowed him to use corporate resources for the benefit of his own private business .
So , if an athlete has a dangerously high level of red blood cells as a result of taking erythropoietin -LRB- EPO -RRB- , he or she should not be allowed to compete .
But establishing their father 's awareness could be a double-edged sword , since it could also mean that keeping him alive is pointless torture , and it is in his best interests to be allowed to die peacefully .
Keeping great apes in captivity will be allowed for purposes of conservation only , and then under optimal conditions for the apes .
When questions were raised about how the statement about uranium was allowed to remain in Bush 's State of the Union address , both National Security Advisor Condoleeza Rice and Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld argued that it was not a lie .
The air in the sheds is high in ammonia from bird feces , which are usually allowed to pile up for months -- and in some cases for a year or more -- before being cleaned out .
I played it , the ref allowed it .
Fish caught in nets by trawlers are dumped on board the ship and allowed to suffocate .
But , if offered a savings account that penalized them for withdrawing money before they reached a goal that they themselves had specified , many chose that type of account , even though the interest they earned was no higher than in an account that allowed them to make withdrawals whenever they chose .
Chua 's daughters , Sophia and Louise , were never allowed to watch television , play computer games , sleep over at a friend 's home , or be in a school play .
-LRB- The 1998 legislation responsible for the last extension was nicknamed the `` Mickey Mouse Protection Act '' because it allowed the Walt Disney Company to retain copyright of its famous cartoon character . -RRB-
The universal public library could be allowed to digitize even works that are in print and in copyright , in exchange for fees paid to the publisher and author based on the number of times the digital version is read .
The Cold War 's end allowed a thaw to begin between the two countries .
So long as these dark shadows are allowed to linger , `` resetting '' relations between the two countries , in the manner of US-Russia relations , will be impossible .
Only people that bureaucrats deign to select are fully included , while others who want to come but are not allowed to do so face discrimination .
While German permanent civil servants can not be fired , nor are they allowed to strike .
This allowed managers to pursue more long-term goals and proved effective in blocking contagion effects .
This would be a particular problem for the US , where the Fed allowed the Federal funds rate to approach zero in January 2009 .
This trickery allowed the Greeks to have several good years .
If it exceeds 1 % of GDP , the excess is subtracted from the budget allowed for the following year , provided that the economy is in an upswing with a shrinking output gap .
Rather than coming at the expense of the US , as is constantly claimed , it was the renminbi 's low valuation that allowed Americans to dream their American dream of universal homeownership .
Big banks can not be allowed to fail ; but the public expects bankers to be punished .
The logic behind the separation was absolutely clear : banks whose deposits were insured by the taxpayers should not be allowed to speculate with their depositors ' money .
Parliamentarians were allowed to claim expenses for the upkeep of properties connected with their official duties .
The danger unleashed by sweeping away the Glass-Steagall barrier to moral hazard became clear after Lehman Brothers was allowed to fail in September 2008 .
It does not conform to our moral intuition that a CEO should not be paid 500 times the average wage of his workers , or to our belief that if someone 's market-clearing wage is too low to support life , he should not be allowed to starve to death .
It was write-offs and devaluations , not austerity programs , that allowed bond prices to recover .
Is it democracy that has kept Europe peaceful since 1945 , or is it the long period of peace since 1945 that has allowed democracy to become the European norm ?
Ideological sloganeering allowed him to kill in larger numbers than any serial killer could imagine , and all in the name of justice .
The war on terror is an aberration . America must defend itself against terrorist attacks , but that can not be allowed to become the overarching objective of its existence .
It also paved the way for a parliament in which over a quarter of the members are women -- this in a country where , just five years ago , women were not even allowed to leave the house without a male relative .
In the meantime , the absence of institutional reform should not be allowed to serve as a pretext for inaction .
Globalization allowed the US to suck up the savings of the rest of the world and consume more than it produced , with its current account deficit reaching 6.2 % of GNP in 2006 .
On Monday he allowed Lehman Brothers to fail and refused to make government funds available to save AIG .
The process began in earnest after the failure of Lehman Brothers , when on October 12 , 2008 , European finance ministers found it necessary to reassure their publics that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail .
Among other measures , both Europe and the US have effectively guaranteed that no other important financial institution will be allowed to fail .
If the periphery economies are allowed to collapse , developed countries will also be hurt .
And , unlike the Great Depression , this time the financial system was put on artificial life-support , rather than being allowed to collapse .
This meant that governments had to effectively guarantee that no other institution whose collapse could endanger the system would be allowed to fail .
The globalization of financial markets that took place since the 1980 's allowed financial capital to move freely around the world , making it difficult to tax or regulate . This put financial capital in a privileged position : governments had to pay more attention to the requirements of international capital than to the aspirations of their own people .
Such activity can not be allowed to continue .
The first sign of trouble came after the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 , when the European Union 's finance ministers decided , at an emergency meeting in Paris that October , to provide a virtual guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to default .
In 2009 , the EU endorsed the principle of `` explicit but not exclusive targeting '' for Roma , and the European Commission allowed structural funds to be used to cover housing interventions in favor of marginalized communities , with a particular focus on Roma .
More recently , when the United States Congress threatened legislation against Chinese currency manipulation , China allowed the renminbi to appreciate against the dollar by a couple of percentage points .
The consequences of the lack of a common treasury first became apparent after the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers in 2008 , when governments , in order to prevent financial markets from collapsing , had to guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail .
The decisive moment came after Lehman Brothers collapsed , and authorities had to guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail .
Banning imported hormone-treated beef , for example , is not allowed , unless there is evidence that hormone-treated beef is different from domestically produced beef .
I propose to reverse this order of preference : countries should be allowed to enforce their higher national standards on imported as well as domestic goods , unless a WTO sponsored panel of experts finds that such domestic standards should be prohibited or simply are unnecessary .
Insufficient harmonization , however , has often allowed member states to erect barriers to competition , which can only be removed by consistent implementation of laws and standards .
This resistance should not be allowed to prevent the European Parliament from endorsing the common position : markets and regulators alike urgently need a new ISD , as innovations have made the old one obsolete .
Labor-intensive industries in the tradable sector must be allowed to decline .
They must be allowed to decline or move inland -LRB- and eventually decline -RRB- .
In the national ratification referendum that followed , citizens were allowed to vote against the military-sponsored draft , but not to argue against it publicly .
In Turkey , the only religious education that is tolerated is under the strict control of the state , whereas in France a wide variety of privately supported religious education is allowed , and since 1959 the state has paid for much of the Catholic Church 's primary school costs .
They ca n't be allowed to do what they did in the past -- gamble at others ' expenses .
Why should they be allowed to gamble , with taxpayers underwriting their losses ?
The bigger the bank , and the more risk-taking in which big banks are allowed to engage , the greater the threat to our economies and our societies .
Big bailouts allowed countries to briefly maintain over-valued exchange rates , which in turn allowed the rich in these countries to get their money out at more favorable terms than they might have done otherwise .
These bailouts also allowed Western banks that engaged in imprudent lending to get repaid .
They should not be allowed to do so .
In both Europe and America , the free-market ideology that allowed asset bubbles to grow unfettered -- markets always know best , so government must not intervene -- now ties policymakers ' hands in designing effective responses to the crisis .
Even though the government is the largest buyer of their products , it is not allowed to negotiate prices , thereby fueling an estimated increase in corporate revenues -- and costs to the government -- approaching $ 1 trillion dollars over a decade .
This debt almost surely needs to be restructured , but , having allowed the banks to leverage themselves beyond any level of prudence and load up on toxic derivatives , the ECB is now warning against any sort of restructuring or write-down .
This can not be allowed .
Even debate about reforming the global financial architecture was stilted : only finance ministers and central bankers , it seems , are allowed a seat at the IMF table .
When Baghdad fell , the oil ministry was quickly protected , while museums and hospitals were allowed to be looted .
First , while the US Federal Reserve continued hiking short-term interest rates , long-terms rates did not increase in tandem , which allowed housing prices to continue rising .
Our research showed systematic relationships between corruption and economic growth , which allowed us to pursue this critical issue .
With `` just-in-time '' production that entailed smaller inventories , new information systems that allowed for better control of inventories , and the decline in manufacturing , inventory cycles seemed a thing of the past .
This downward pressure on prices has allowed Western central banks to follow expansionary monetary policies , underpinning higher employment and growth .
Should Bush , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ?
Kyoto 's underlying principle -- that countries that emitted more in 1990 are allowed to emit more in the future -- is unacceptable to developing countries , as is granting greater emission rights to countries with a higher GDP .
This has allowed Ma 's administration to claim credit for improving relations with China . But the fundamental causes underlying the threat of a China-Taiwan war -- and conflict between China and the US , which has long been committed to supporting Taiwan should China seek to determine its status unilaterally -- have not been removed .
For the past five years , the US has been sucking in more than $ 2 billion a day of other countries ' savings , as the easy provision of domestic credit on an unprecedented scale has allowed households to spend more than they earn .
Because Taiwan has not allowed itself to become a victim , the world simply does not feel guilty about it , and so ignores it .
Ten years ago , the Chagossians won a tremendous victory in the British High Court , which ruled that the islanders ' expulsion had been unlawful , and that they should be allowed to return .
But piecemeal arrests will not be enough to reverse the drift if a culture of intolerance is allowed to fester .
Moreover , some ASEAN member countries , like Singapore , have explicitly called for Aung San Suu Kyi to be allowed to participate in the 2010 elections .
Deep and sustained anger across the country -- at its demonstrated vulnerability to terror and at the multiple institutional failures that allowed such loss of life -- has prompted the resignations of the Home Minister in the national government and the Chief Minister and his Deputy in the state of Maharashtra , of which Mumbai is the capital .
When they finally allowed a small team in , they limited their movements , in violation of Iran 's commitments .
Mandatory laboratory reporting of HbA1c results -LRB- along with basic demographic data -RRB- for a defined population -LRB- New York City residents -RRB- allowed New York 's Department of Health to monitor trends in diabetes prevalence , assess testing coverage , and examine health-care use and glycemic control of residents living with diabetes .
For historical reasons , Europe benefits from a political maturity that has allowed it to avoid Bush 's Manichean worldview , which has merely reinforced , rather than undermined , the enemy 's fanaticism .
Individual farmers were taxed until they entered the collective , and collective farms were allowed to seize individual farmers ' seed grain , used to plant the next year 's harvest .
By depriving peasants of their land and making them de facto state employees , collective farming allowed Moscow to control people as well as their produce .
In the last two months of 2008 , the central bank allowed the ruble to weaken at a rate of 1 % per week , then at 2-3 % per week .
Criminal and civil codes will be enforced ; our courts will be allowed to find their feet and their freedom .
Yugoslavia is but a miniature version of what might happen in Ukraine if Yanukovich 's tactics are allowed to bring ethnic antagonisms to the boiling point .
A singular vision has always animated this process : animosity between neighbors must not be allowed to fester , and the rule of law must reign not just within countries , but also between them .
Similarly , the euro must not be allowed to become an Iron Curtain that consigns non-members to a high-risk zone where investors dare not venture .
In late 2005 , Mittal Steel , the world 's largest steel company , signed a $ 900 million deal with Liberia 's Transitional Government to mine iron ore , which many claim allowed Mittal to opt out of human rights and environmental law .
The conductor stopped her , saying that ticketed passengers were not allowed on the train !
Each allowed him to preen successfully as a crisis manager .
Although his college demanded professional evaluation before he would be allowed to return , the suspect in the Arizona shootings , it seems , failed to seek help from Tucson 's available services .
A stronger community response , supported by limited exceptions to legal restrictions on information-sharing , could have allowed involuntary evaluation of the suspect .
The same story is true in poor countries around the world : telephone penetration remained stubbornly stagnant in developing nations until they allowed competitive entry-primarily in the form of mobile telephony-in the 1990 's .
A recent survey of telecommunications regulatory agencies conducted by The World Bank found that 23 of the 38 poor countries that responded require ISPs to obtain formal regulatory approval before they are allowed to operate .
These , however , were never allowed to degenerate into the outright communal slaughter that the war in Sri Lanka has often produced .
A theater company has even been allowed to stage `` Animal Farm , '' George Orwell 's famous anti-authoritarian allegory , once known to socialist-bloc readers only via underground editions .
Just as the telegraph made it possible to eliminate weeks from the time it took to exchange messages overseas , and the airplane and telephone allowed leaders to interact directly with far greater frequency than ever before , today 's technologies will surely continue to alter the basic means of exchange , whether among nations , regions , or supra-regional entities .
We also reduced the free building floor area ; but we allowed builders to reach higher up .
Roughly 40 % of house dogs are allowed to sleep on their owners ' beds .
Not interested in geopolitical power -- a legacy of its Nazi past -- Germany was content to back France 's ambitions as long as the Common Market allowed it to be Europe 's economic powerhouse .
For example , when covering a natural disaster , a major industrial accident , or an urgent public health issue , journalists in the traditional media are not allowed to investigate and report without official sanction .
But what has really allowed Hezbollah -LRB- and Hamas , for that matter -RRB- to win elections and cement support is their ability to provide education , health , and other social services , particularly to the poor .
In the Palestinian territories , Gaza 's democratically elected Hamas government and the democratically elected president of the Palestinian Authority are locked in a seeming death grip , which has seen Gaza fall into an economic black hole and paralyzed as it also allowed space for Israeli intransigence . All the while the supposed political savior , Marwan Barghouti , sits in an Israeli prison with a life sentence .
Nor are they allowed to walk in the streets , drive a car , or leave the country without the permission of a male guardian .
The reformers talk about partial municipal elections , national dialogue , and the rights of women , who they hint may one day even be allowed to drive cars !
Second , a generous -LRB- and , with time , growing -RRB- quota should be set for Palestinian laborers to work in Israel -- indeed , they must be allowed to work in the very agricultural centers around Gaza which were the most affected by the rocket attacks .
We allowed specified annual costs of climate policy to grow in proportion with global GDP through 2100 from an initial annual benchmark of $ 18 billion .
Iran would find itself the bogeyman of the Arab world 's Sunnis , while Hezbollah could be swallowed up by another debilitating Lebanese civil war .
If commercial banks had been allowed to base lending decisions solely on economic considerations , credit and money supply would have grown more slowly , limiting the risk of rising bad-loan ratios , stalled enterprise reform , inflationary pressure , and a resurgence of asset bubbles as excess liquidity enters equity and real-estate markets .
Furthermore , China should be allowed to convert part of its foreign-exchange reserves into assets denominated in the International Monetary Fund 's special drawing rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- .
But if the RMB is allowed to float , is n't a balanced trade account likely ?
Speaking of the lost decade of the 1980 's in Africa , Mazrui observed that , despite being endowed with superb climatic conditions , few African countries could feed themselves ; likewise , despite being engaged in trade in minerals and cash crops , most countries still wallowed in a state of aid-dependency .
Pressure for revaluation comes at a stage when per capita national income is merely $ 1,000 , not $ 10,000 or $ 15,000 , so China still needs a rather long period of rapid economic growth to reach anything like the stage that Japan had achieved when it allowed the yen to be revalued .
Most importantly , the renminbi was allowed to appreciate , and the export tax rebate was virtually eliminated .
