For Israel , last summer 's fight with Hezbollah in Lebanon demonstrated the risks of allowing radical Islamists to consolidate their power on Israel 's border .
`` In November 2006 , the -LRB- AKP dominated -RRB- Turkish parliament , as part of the reforms related to possible EU accession , passed a new law governing Lausanne religious minority foundations , easing procedures to establish foundations and allowing non-Turkish citizens in Turkey to open them ... Then President Ahmet Necdet Sezer -LRB- a staunch Kemalist -RRB- , however , vetoed the legislation .
But neither Luzhkov , nor whoever may replace him , must worry about voter approval , as the Kremlin appoints Moscow 's mayor , rather than allowing for free and fair elections -- a practice instituted a few years back by then-President Vladimir Putin for all such important positions across Russia .
Finally , high oil prices in the past 12 months provided an unexpectedly large windfall to the Iraqi budget , allowing for the financing of other sectors without slighting the oil industry .
Such a calibrated approach , however , combining a differentiated understanding of the nature of Saddam 's regime and its weaknesses , has a better chance of success than an outright assault , or the dangers inherent in allowing Saddam to remain in power .
Instead of banning or freely allowing all dangerous products , we need to identify products that are valuable to some customers but not all -- call them `` prescription financial products '' -- and create a body of registered finance professionals -LRB- RFPs -RRB- who are empowered to certify the purchase of these products by individuals .
Legal rules allowing corporations to spend on politics are premised on the view that expression of corporations ' positions has a legitimate role in the political marketplace .
But a Syrian-Israeli peace would drive a wedge between Syria and Iran , thereby cutting off Hezbollah 's lines of arms supply while allowing the vital task of stabilizing Lebanon to succeed .
That program focuses on the Afghanization of the development process , as well as on allowing the security forces to operate autonomously .
In allowing so many lives to be blighted through genital mutilation , we degrade ourselves and our world .
Instead of allowing donors to claim individual compensation for their tissue , a tax would be imposed every time a tissue-based application actually yields a profit .
But systematic humiliation of Palestinians , by allowing settlers to get away literally with murder , has a corrupting effect on Israeli society .
Leaders on both sides ignore strong majorities that crave peace , allowing extremist-led violence to preempt all opportunities for building a political consensus .
Of course , if their reasoning were followed to its logical conclusion , allowing the project to be built would be the most robust statement that this dispute really does not have anything to do with religion .
How can we ignore that many states today kill not only through legal punishment , but also by murdering and massacring in international or civil wars , or by allowing starvation ?
After dictator Pervez Musharraf was driven out of office , the new Pakistani civilian government ordered the ISI to report to the interior ministry , but received no support from the US for this effort to assert civilian control , allowing the army to quickly frustrate the effort .
By contrast , state-driven capitalism has given China economic stability and rapid growth , allowing it to ride out the global crisis .
Rather than preventing monopolization and restraint of trade , as the theory goes , antitrust regulation in the `` new economy '' is a new face of the old `` industrial policy , '' allowing bureaucrats to manipulate economic outcomes and favor companies dearer to them than the consumers ' choice .
These practical consequences are above and beyond the liberating effect of allowing the `` marketplace of ideas , '' rather than state authorities , to judge people 's expressed views .
As a result , leaders have developed a tendency to turn directly to the people without allowing much debate .
Gaining a few Indian computer specialists is a bad reason for allowing `` green card '' access , if only because such migrants are likely to remain a tiny minority of newcomers .
But that required , at some point , allowing some bank to fail , and persuading some debt holders and counterparties that the government guarantee of support to institutions that were too big to fail was not certain .
Deepening democracy in turn means allowing full civic participation , including non-violent Islamic groups .
Moreover , the military leaders are dragging their feet on easing restrictions on the import of humanitarian supplies and allowing a UN assessment team into the country .
It hid economic distortions , allowing successive governments to postpone needed structural reform as it financed the status quo . Mexico was able to float along , buoyed by billions of dollars of oil revenue , without having to swim more quickly or forcefully than its competitors in the sea of emerging markets .
Some will say that the fatal mistake was allowing Greece to adopt the euro in the first place .
Note the one thing on which members of both camps agree : the global savings imbalance -- low savings in the US and high savings in China and other emerging markets -- played a key role in the crisis by allowing Americans to live beyond their means .
Even current EU members feel abandoned by the Union : there is a growing sense in the three Baltic Countries , Poland , and Hungary that the EU is allowing them to be squeezed by Russia , particularly on energy policy .
But it also helps make the world a more dangerous place by obscuring the real reasons for war , and by allowing peoples around the world to justify violence and conflict not as a means to an end , but rather as a holy mission of liberation , freedom , and the eradication of tyranny .
Instead , they are so confident that they often blame the government for not allowing the economy to grow even faster .
One reason was that rising stock markets and higher house prices made individuals wealthier , reducing their need to save for retirement and allowing retirees to dissave more .
Corporate retained earnings have averaged about 3 % of GDP after allowing for depreciation of existing plant and equipment .
Foreign investors might therefore fear that future US administrations will be tempted to reduce the real value of that debt by allowing a higher inflation rate .
In short , Japan 's national savings still exceed its domestic investment , allowing Japan to be a net capital exporter .
The final component of the agreement is temporary acceleration of tax depreciation , allowing firms in 2011 to write off 100 % of capital investment immediately , in contrast to the current rule , which stipulates a 50 % immediate write-off , followed by depreciation of the remaining 50 % over the statutory life of the equipment .
A country with a flexible currency can achieve that by allowing the exchange rate to depreciate .
Making room for increased consumer spending requires reducing the level of exports by allowing the currency to appreciate .
Indeed , China appears to suggest that selective modernization is possible -LRB- modernization à la carte , so to speak -RRB- , allowing states to choose to implement only those elements of modernity -- technology , economics , infrastructure , political institutions , and values -- that they like .
The fiscal deficit must now be redressed resulted not just from internal financial imbalances , but also from a political system that for too long time has been in denial of reality , allowing the country to live beyond its means .
The EU is about to commit a grave strategic error by allowing its report this autumn to be guided by the short-sighted domestic policy considerations of some of its important member states .
If the Europeans continue to look inward , allowing accountants to dominate discussions of Europe 's future , they will miss a historic opportunity -- one that will directly affect Europe 's security .
Such a role would better protect Europe 's broader interests in the Middle East , while allowing it to remain faithful to its values .
In the case of the university , this means allowing access to knowledge to students who lack the intellectual , political , or financial resources that might have enabled them to produce it for themselves .
The country 's so-called `` moderate relax '' monetary policy also played its part by allowing bank lending to expand by almost 34 % in 2009 , with M2 money supply growing by 27 % .
So , just as judicious use of pesticides can control invasive species , a therapeutic strategy designed to maintain a stable , tolerable tumor volume could improve a patient 's prospects for survival by allowing sensitive cells to suppress the growth of resistant ones .
What China really needs is a truly independent monetary policy oriented to domestic objectives . This would enable the PBC to manage domestic demand by allowing interest rates to rise in order to rein in credit growth and deter reckless investment .
Putin 's geopolitical preoccupations could be accommodated by sensibly preserving state ownership of pipeline infrastructure in the hydrocarbons sector , while allowing private companies to extract , process , and sell Russia 's oil and gas .
Consumer credit began in China only in the late 1990 's , with regulations allowing banks to offer mortgage loans , which now amount to about 10 % of total loans .
The yields and volatility of longer-term bonds should then fall relative to short-term securities , allowing peripheral governments to finance themselves reliably and at reasonable cost .
For China , this means respecting and enforcing intellectual property rights , allowing non-Chinese firms to compete on an equal basis , and setting its currency at a fair level rather than one that is artificially low .
This argues not simply for keeping nationalism in check , but for allowing greater political and religious freedom so that there are alternative sources of legitimacy and allegiance in Chinese society beyond that of economic advancement .
A railroad worker is standing next to a switch that can turn the boxcar onto a side track , killing one person , but allowing the five to survive .
It adopted a sophisticated public-debt management strategy that lengthened the maturity of its liabilities and put in place the toughest banking standards in the developing world , allowing first-rate foreign banks to dominate its financial sector .
Federalism forms a final barrier to change , by allowing opposition parties to alter , dilute , and reject bills that are detrimental to their clientele .
· First , American troops should be relocated from the vicinity of Mecca and Medina , not bowing to pressure but to occupy Iraq , thereby removing a source of anti-American rage , while allowing the United States to continue stabilizing the region militarily .
The remnants of Saddam 's army were not pursued within Iraq , allowing him to crush the popular insurrection staged in the south , and remain in power .
Hank Paulson , who came to America 's Treasury from the strongest US investment bank , Goldman Sachs , made the purgation gamble in allowing Lehman Brothers to go under . He argued that the US could not tolerate a bailout culture .
At the same time , this swap reduced troubled countries ' debt-payment obligations -- allowing them to get back on their feet .
But expanding demand and allowing real effective exchange rate appreciation in China will not be enough if other countries do not do their part .
Moreover , the court has given no explanation of why it is allowing him to be tried on the same embezzlement charge that of which he was acquitted in 2003 .
The government did not bail out the underperformers , allowing market forces to restructure the industry during the post-subsidy phase .
Weakened by the perception of allowing the West to mistreat Russia , their influence among Russia 's ruling elite disintegrated .
High oil prices now seem to be the only factor allowing Putin to keep the reform charade going .
Oil is Putin 's army and navy , allowing him to build and maintain the image of a strong , but also an internationalist , state .
This strong-willed monarch , while ruling the Russian empire autocratically , managed to bring stability and prosperity , allowing capitalism to take root .
Microfinance institutions , such as Bangladesh 's Grameen Bank , play a vital role in allowing self-employed women to build profitable businesses .
Indeed , it also grossly neglected to deal with an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in Miyazaki Prefecture , allowing the disease to spread out of control .
The European Central Bank , of course , for allowing the euro to appreciate too much and for not cutting interest rates enough .
It would decisively split Europe by allowing the big countries and their satellites to go their own way .
The last time that Israeli elections were so obviously affected by violence was in 1996 , when polling results shifted wildly in the run-up to the vote , finally allowing Netanyahu a razor-thin win over acting Prime Minister Shimon Peres .
In their eyes , the current process produced years of inaction in negotiations , allowing for continued occupation and theft of Palestinian lands .
Credible measures that deliver and anchor savings in the medium term will help create space to accommodate growth today -- by allowing a slower pace of consolidation .
As long as US interest rates were high , Japanese interest rates remained fairly positive , allowing the BOJ to moderate the effects of the yen 's appreciation by easing domestic monetary policy .
The same basic idea of allowing the state to distribute gas revenues , although with different intended purposes , is found in their programs .
For example , the avowed intention of the EU Common Fisheries Policy is `` to protect fish resources by regulating the amount of fish taken from the sea , by allowing young fish to reproduce , and by ensuring that measures are respected . ''
The problem is that the global economic crisis has led even advanced Western states to question the wisdom of allowing the political civilization of human rights to interfere with the quest to restore economic growth .
By contrast , imagine Turkey , a more advanced member state of the Organization of the Islamic Conference , allowing free expression of Kurdish language and culture .
I was , in fact , more preoccupied with the `` gray zone '' in which I saw a kind of rainbow zone of truth , allowing me to search beyond undifferentiated darkness for individual features , and thus to introduce in the apparent uniformity of the extreme situation unsettling nuances .
After all , the West is now paying a high price for allowing the ordinary people of the Middle East to live for so long in hopeless squalor while their rulers wallowed in oil wealth .
But we must guard against the re-emergence of significant imbalances , which means , in part , assuring the exchange-rate flexibility that must play a critical role in allowing needed economic adjustments to occur .
A decisive pro-women strategy would thus create new momentum for Europe , allowing it to compete with the United States and Asia .
Our goal is to facilitate the spread of good policy and practice , allowing countries to learn from a variety of approaches and to understand which ones might work in their own context .
Sarkozy misjudged the balance of power between France and China , and France came out of that diplomatic episode badly bruised , with its president swallowing his human rights claims and bending to the diktat of realpolitik .
The cost of non-intervention , of allowing Qaddafi to crush his own people , and of thus signaling to the world 's despots that a campaign of domestic terror is acceptable , is far more menacing .
Given these governments ' complex strategies for regulating what their citizens do online -- ranging from establishing effective control of private media and telecoms businesses to allowing people to blow off steam without going too far -- we should be more realistic about the true extent of the Internet 's transformational potential .
A crucial corollary of this strategy is large-scale technology transfer to developing countries , allowing them both to grow and to curtail their emissions .
But an advanced country could also undertake mitigation efforts in the developing world and thus earn additional credits equal to the full value of its mitigation efforts -LRB- thus allowing more emissions at home -RRB- .
A member of the euro zone can not be expelled under current rules , allowing countries like Greece to lie , manipulate , blackmail , and collect more and more EU funds .
China 's government has apparently begun to appreciate the limitations of cover-ups and stonewalling , and perhaps also the merits of allowing some room for free speech .
The dilemma must be overcome by allowing curiosity to be protected and supported , while trying to capture those of its fruits that will benefit society .
It can be addressed only when Europeans take stock of the way the world is changing , decide that allowing others to determine the future world order is less than optimal , and develop the attitudes and behaviors of a post-American Europe .
They urge strengthening the non-proliferation regime through more intrusive inspections , and negotiation of arrangements for internationally guaranteed access to nuclear enrichment and reprocessing services , rather than allowing countries to construct them for themselves .
The Bush administration may be correct in arguing that the extremely high costs and risks of promoting democracy are less than the costs and risks of allowing the authoritarian status quo in the Middle east to persist indefinitely .
While culture provides some soft power , domestic policies and values set limits , particularly in China , where the Communist Party fears allowing too much intellectual freedom and resists outside influences .
Given the unattractiveness of choosing between a pre-emptive attack on Iran or allowing Iranian nuclear weapons to destabilize the Gulf region , Obama has pledged to conduct a broad diplomatic dialogue with Iran without the preconditions that hampered Bush .
But , whatever the failures of particular British legislators , the issues go further than merely allowing voters to `` throw the rascals out . '' There is also a question of how successful leadership is taught and learned in a democracy .
As a first step toward convening a second poll , Cowen has sought EU-wide agreement that , rather than reducing the size of the Commission , the provision of the Lisbon Treaty that allows for a `` one member state , one commissioner '' rule will be enacted , allowing Ireland to retain a permanent place .
Some proposals would resolve the first of these paradoxes by allowing countries to use the World Trade Organization 's dispute-resolution mechanism in cases of exchange-rate manipulation .
This does not mean , of course , that China should take no action to correct the undervaluation of its currency , though some recognition should be given to the way in which it is already contributing to solving this problem by allowing domestic wages to rise .
They have , however , helped support China 's economy by allowing Americans to run up consumer debt by buying more Chinese goods than they rightfully need .
When Turkey 's parliament voted in March 2003 against allowing American troops to open a northern front against Iraq , Turkey 's traditional strategic partnership with the United States ended .
They erred gravely in allowing Jewish settlers to have their way on the Biblical mountaintops , while Middle Israel looked the other way .
Although many Arab states have been opening new schools and universities , and are allowing more private educational institutions to flourish , the quality of education in the region still leaves much to be desired .
China 's currency policy gives it a competitive advantage relative to other countries , allowing it to displace their exports to the US .
China must exercise the foresight needed to begin paying this debt now , when it is manageable , rather than allowing it to accumulate and , ultimately , threaten to bankrupt us all .
But it is difficult to see any really bad mistakes , except perhaps allowing himself to be pushed around by Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu and giving China the impression that he was prepared for a bilateral relationship entirely on China 's terms .
They did n't have to like Israel , provided that they were n't too rude about America 's pro-Israel bias and its refusal to accept that insisting on Israel 's inalienable right to exist was not the same as allowing Israel to do whatever it wanted .
Of course , it may be that humanity has always been short on critical thinking . That 's why we keep allowing ourselves to be talked into supporting unjust wars -LRB- not to mention actually dying in them -RRB- , or voting for people whose main job seems to be to amass as much wealth for the rich as they can get away with .
For if Russia 's anti-Western paranoia continues and the Kremlin 's Eurasian fantasy of allying with China lasts another 10-15 years , Russia will end up seeing China swallowing its Far East and Siberia .
At root , low morale is just a consequence of the indifference of medical scientists , busy in their labs , allowing the social and emotional foundations of their field to rot away beneath them .
It is hard to see what good would come from not allowing him to complete his rehabilitation and return to doing what he does best .
Kagame then suggested giving every country an annual per capita quota for CO2 emissions , and allowing developing countries that are below the quota to trade their excess quota with countries that are above theirs .
We now have the technological infrastructure to bring most job-related information to workers while allowing them to collaborate closely .
That idea is preposterous . In fact , the Foundation 's many contributions to the Islamic world include help following catastrophic natural disasters in Pakistan and Indonesia , providing medical supplies to the Palestinians under blockade , and allowing scholars and intellectuals to learn from each other by translating and publishing works from English into local languages and vice versa .
During the past few years , Colombia has become one of the three most attractive destinations for foreign investment in Latin America , allowing it to cover a significant part of its external financing needs this year .
By guaranteeing to buy shares of a mutual fund , the central bank would provide an incentive for private investors to channel money to the stronger parts of the banking system while allowing the weaker parts to fail .
By allowing bad banks to fail , it solves the moral-hazard problem .
Proctor requested that the patent examination be continued , submitting additional patent claims and even changing his lawyers several times -LRB- allowing more bureaucratic delay -RRB- .
In agriculture and industry , price efficiency was achieved not by abolishing quotas and planned allocations , but by allowing producers to trade at market prices at the margin .
So he or she might advocate making the central bank independent in order to reduce political meddling , and changing the framework for managing fiscal policy -- setting up fiscal rules , for example , or allowing only an up-or-down legislative vote on budget proposals .
If China were allowed a free hand with industrial policies , it could promote manufactures directly while allowing the renminbi to appreciate .
But here , too , increasing workers ' legal and statutory rights , while allowing most unions to fade away , seems like the right approach .
Not allowing the necessary consolidation is weakening credit markets , not strengthening them .
Asian governments will probably gradually `` lose '' their battle in this war in 2011 , allowing their currencies to appreciate in the face of inflationary pressures and threats of trade retaliation .
If allowing a currency to appreciate freely is costly , the second option is unsterilized foreign-exchange intervention .
It means not allowing newspapers and TV to be hijacked by spurious passions and staged theatrics designed to divert attention from everything else .
The IMF has , however , become far more neutral than it is given credit for -- though it could take more steps to distance itself from its past . These include abolishing any region or country 's right to appoint IMF management ; allowing the Fund to borrow from markets , so that it does not have to keep seeking key countries ' permission to expand ; eliminating any country 's official veto power over major decisions ; and having its agenda set by the IMFC rather than outside bodies .
It has held that accountability for the crimes of the dictators is a human right -- and thus trumps the impunity gained by many Latin American dictators as a condition of allowing democratic transitions .
And we will have to engage major companies in a new way , giving them ample incentives and market rewards for success , without allowing them to hold a monopoly on successful technologies that should be widely adopted .
If politicians cave in here -- say , by eliminating patent protection , imposing price controls , or allowing re-import of drugs from poor countries -- innovation for new drugs will stall .
Rather than bolstering its military occupation , the US should leave Iraq , allowing the UN to continue its mission .
In fact , creating such a market is the most important step we can take to address longevity risk , for we could then discover its true price , allowing myriad business decisions involving longevity to be made more efficiently .
China 's one-child policy must have been an advantage for its per capita GDP growth , allowing more time to be spent on business activities rather than childrearing .
A study published in 2005 by economists Geert Bekaert , Campbell Harvey , and Christian Lundblad found that when countries liberalize their stock markets , allowing them to operate freely without government intervention , economic growth rises by an average of one percentage point annually .
Their policies would piggyback on US state unemployment insurance programs , allowing Assura to avoid getting into the monitoring business .
Despite dramatic theoretical advances , financial institutions were , until recently , slow to develop and expand new instruments allowing people to exploit many risk-sharing opportunities .
Chinese zoos have drawn crowds by staging animal spectacles , and by allowing members of the public to buy live chickens , goats , and horses in order to watch them being pulled apart by lions , tigers , and other big cats .
Third , for many countries , the 25-year-old debt crisis is finally over , allowing much higher investment in health , education , and infrastructure .
To stabilize the price level , the economist Irving Fisher had produced a plan for a `` compensated dollar , '' which would vary the dollar 's gold value to offset rising or falling prices , in effect allowing the Fed to issue more or fewer dollars as dictated by business conditions .
Do we spend the next century wallowing in triviality ?
Does n't the government mind if so much of its urban populace is sinking into poverty and becoming disaffected ? Why is this stability-obsessed regime allowing so much instability ?
It undermined the critical process that is at the heart of an open society by treating any criticism of the administration 's policies as unpatriotic , thereby allowing Bush to order the invasion of Iraq .
Fundamentalists believe that markets tend towards equilibrium and the common interest is best served by allowing participants to pursue their self-interest .
These imbalances could be reduced by the US using fiscal rather than monetary stimulus , and China allowing the renminbi to appreciate in an orderly manner .
That might induce a further change of attitude in Germany , in turn allowing the adoption of counter-cyclical policies .
But it was responsible for allowing flawed expectations of a sharp recovery to pre-crisis levels of output and consumption to persist .
Argentina was praised for allowing large foreign ownership of banks .
Guided by one of the architects of the problem , Hank Paulson , who had advocated for deregulation and allowing banks to take on even more leveraging , it was no surprise that the administration veered from one policy to another -- each strategy supported with absolute conviction , until minutes before it was abandoned for another .
In particular , allowing such banks to continue engaging in proprietary trading distorts financial markets .
Rather than carefully balancing the benefits of each government expenditure program with the costs of raising taxes to finance those benefits , the right seeks to use a sledgehammer -- not allowing the national debt to increase forces expenditures to be limited to taxes .
But America is not alone in allowing for official accounting shenanigans .
Some new trade and investment agreements under discussion propose to go further , allowing domestic laws , whatever their merits , to be set aside in order to promote international flows of goods and services .
Nevertheless , the global gains from allowing freer flows of unskilled labor -LRB- even temporarily -RRB- , let alone the benefits to developing countries , far outweigh the benefits from capital market liberalization .
There was a time when privatization -- allowing individuals to set up individual savings accounts -- seemed better than Social Security , which invests in lower-yielding Treasury bills .
No one can imagine hiring a worker , but allowing him not to inform his employer about what he is doing on the job .
It would be part of the portfolio of methods for encouraging and supporting research . A prize fund would work well in areas in which needs are well known -- the case for many diseases afflicting the poor -- allowing clear goals to be set in advance .
China has been engaged in what might be called `` vendor finance , '' providing the money that helps finance the huge US fiscal and trade deficits , allowing Americans to buy more goods than they sell .
What is required is to give individuals with excessive indebtedness an expedited way to a fresh start -- for example , a special bankruptcy provision allowing them to recover , say , 75 % of the equity they originally put into the house , with the lenders bearing the cost .
These include permitting high financial access even before a crisis materializes , and allowing disbursements to be more front-loaded .
Specifically , it recommends a way to strengthen the democratic legitimacy of the Commission by allowing its president to be elected either by the Parliament or by an electoral college that also includes representatives from national parliaments .
On one hand , India is a democracy with a long tradition of allowing peaceful protest , including against foreign countries when their leaders come visiting .
The dangers of allowing Iran to go nuclear ought to be obvious .
Some of these advances are theoretical , allowing us to build computer models of complex systems like continent-wide forests or entire oceans .
Gazprom 's ambitions for gaining control of pipeline and energy transport infrastructure must be slowed , which requires allowing independent producers to prosper . Indeed , independent producers already account for 20 % of domestic gas sales in Russia .
We propose changing the status quo by allowing these countries to take a rotating seat at the G-20 table .
But , while allowing the EFSF to finance buybacks is a step forward , a slew of theoretical and empirical research , generated by developing countries ' efforts to buy back their debt in the 1980 's and 1990 's , has shown that it is far from a cure-all .
This is a compromise aimed at minimizing the incentive to gamble with public insurance while allowing some economies of scale for banking activities .
Their preferred model calls for the UN to provide the funding and most other support for the mission , while allowing the AU to maintain its leadership role .
Several SCO members are already assisting NATO countries to deliver supplies into Afghanistan , while Russia is allowing the United States to ferry military items across its border into Central Asia and onward to Afghanistan .
Unless China commits to greater political openness , allowing the poor and disadvantaged to voice their concerns , represent themselves , and monitor policy implementation , it will continue to be jeopardized by a false and perilous prosperity .
There is no evidence to indicate that Burma 's leaders will respond positively to the Obama administration 's central message , which calls for releasing the estimated 2,100 political prisoners -LRB- including Daw Aung San Suu Kyi -RRB- , engaging in genuine dialogue with the opposition , and allowing fair and inclusive elections .
He emphasized the crucial role of housing in allowing low-income individuals to raise capital that can be used for investment in small businesses , in education , or in other projects that can significantly improve standards of living over the medium to long term .
They introduced a safety clause allowing a country to suspend the deficit ceiling in case of serious recession , but they went on to define a serious recession in such a way as to make such a suspension implausible in practice .
There are also hints that a reshuffling of important positions within the Party will take place , allowing the presumed heir to form a new power base .
For example , the US government should offer more financial instruments like Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities -LRB- TIPS -RRB- , thereby allowing China to convert some of its holdings of US government securities into similar but safer assets .
