Pakistan 's government appears to be preparing to talk to some of the extremists in the tribal areas , introduce political reforms , and redouble development efforts .
The army appears to be winning this time around , in marked contrast to its recent half-hearted confrontations with Taliban forces in neighboring tribal areas .
But Russia appears to be in a Gaullist mood , and has other outstanding issues causing friction with the US and Europe .
Russia knows that such negotiations will be fruitless , but believes that another seemingly innocent appeal for more talks would strain EU unity , which appears to be a vital goal for Putin .
Following King Abdullah II of Jordan 's intervention , Israel appears to have agreed to allow the Badr Brigade 's entry with full arms and ammunition .
Should levels of displacement remain high , as appears likely , the humanitarian crisis may deepen further , especially because strained local resources have led some governorates to begin refusing to admit displaced people .
Unfortunately , Iraq appears set to continue to be a major source of high oil prices , owing to highly erratic output .
Central banks are currently attempting to plug one leak as the next appears .
Khamenei 's backing of the June 2009 putsch now appears to be a costly mistake .
But Egypt 's old-line Muslim Brotherhood , with all of its factions , tendencies , and offshoots , no longer appears to be the country 's dominant Islamist force , as Salafis challenge the Brotherhood 's traditional hegemony .
The situation in the Kremlin appears reminiscent of the spring of 1996 , when a group of KGB men , led by President Boris Yeltsin 's chief bodyguard , General Alexander Korzhakov , almost seized power .
High-level corruption is so rampant that Russia appears unable to build major public infrastructure projects .
The eurozone sovereign-debt crisis appears to have been the worst-managed financial crisis since Argentina 's default in 2001 .
Syria , whose secular , militarized dictatorship most closely resembles the fallen regimes of Tunisia and Egypt , may not be next in line , but appears nonetheless to be approaching a tipping point .
For people like Bin Laden -- and it appears that it is his version of Islamic fundamentalism which is behind the terror acts in New York and Washington -- even the Saudi monarchy is evil , because it has facilitated American presence in the Middle East .
One premise underlies this entire line of thought : to imagine that there is a democratic alternative to Saddam , or that once he disappears there will be a democratic transition in Iraq , is to entertain dangerous illusions .
But nothing of the sort appears in the truncated text approved by Hamas .
Many who want Olmert to go would still not welcome a Netanyahu comeback , which may also explain what appears to be an indirect endorsement of Olmert by the United States .
When one bears in mind that both sides have been negotiating directly for 15 years , Mitchell 's achievement appears even more minuscule .
Far from avoiding conflicts and mediating existing tensions , Turkey under the AKP appears intent on stoking new conflicts and creating new frontlines .
How will all of this influence the Israeli-Palestinian peace process , which appears stuck ?
While this appears to have been successful , questions remain as to whether the turmoil could have been averted and its impact mitigated .
If and when the natural resource generating the windfall wealth -LRB- in this case , oil and gas -RRB- disappears , the economy is left with too few competitive industries and too many empty bookstore-cafes .
What 's Left of Confucianism ? BEIJING -- The Chinese government 's very public display of compassion and transparency in response to the devastating earthquake in Sichuan province appears to have strengthened its authority and its bonds with ordinary Chinese people .
The Turkey of Erdogan 's dominant Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- appears to be seeking a new mission civilisatrice , with the Middle East and the former Soviet republics as its alternative horizons .
Only the United States appears to be committed to creating the conditions needed to implement the CPA .
But that deal now appears to be collapsing .
The funding from the parent banks that in the earlier phase of the crisis helped provide liquidity to the East European banking systems now appears more as a liability and possible source of contagion .
But an acceleration of reforms also appears unlikely , with the possible exception of the financial sector .
The European Union 's highly touted `` Lisbon Declaration '' of a few years ago , which proclaimed that Europe would become the world 's most competitive region by 2010 , appears laughable to Americans , whose productivity gains seem to scale new heights constantly .
What used to succeed as a win-win arrangement for big and small alike , now appears as a zero-sum game to many of them .
Schroeder has been pushing the EU to lift the embargo , a move that now appears imminent .
So far , no government appears to have fallen to that temptation .
That is in addition to explicit tax hikes on income , capital gains , and dividends , the implicit ones on energy via cap-and-trade , etc. . It appears that the Obama strategy is to `` stuff the beast '' -LRB- the mirror image of the tax-cutting `` starve the beast '' philosophy attributed to some of President Ronald Reagan 's advisers -RRB- , i.e. , to initiate massive spending and hide the true cost from citizens .
Indeed , most of the stimulus money will be spent after the recession `` appears to have ended , '' and the evidence is that so far it has had little effect .
In essence , while all of Iraq 's factions have a strong interest in promoting a central government that appears fully functional , that government 's powers will in fact be limited .
NEW YORK -- Zimbabwe 's election appears , once again , to confirm a truism : Africa only seems to make international headlines when disasters strike -- a drought , a coup , a war , a genocide , or , as in the case of Robert Mugabe , grossly incompetent government .
President Umaru Yar ` Adua has taken concrete steps to tackle elite-level corruption in Nigeria , and appears to have made progress toward a comprehensive peace agreement with the Delta rebels .
Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo appears poised to try to amend the country 's constitution to allow himself a chance at a third term .
When Iraq falls apart , as now appears all but inevitable , the US will need as many friends in the region as it can get , particularly as the battle with Iran for regional influence and the conflict over its nuclear program intensifies .
But the inertia of a bureaucratic drug-enforcement superstructure -LRB- worth approximately $ 40 billion each in the US and the EU -RRB- , sustained by a deep-seated fear of the `` threat '' posed by drugs and cartels , appears to push policy repeatedly towards the familiar option of repressive auto-pilot .
Coming on the heels of Yushchenko 's alleged poisoning , the timing of the move against Tymoshenko appears to be anything but coincidental .
Sadly , he now appears poised to make another serious political miscalculation , because he is backing a radical constitutional reform aimed at creating a purely presidential system .
While there may be some element of truth in this , Musharraf appears not to have learned the lesson of his final year in office .
The death of Al Qaeda 's leader deep in Pakistan , in a city with a heavy military presence , appears to confirm what many have long alleged : Pakistan , not Afghanistan , has become the epicenter of international terrorism .
From his words it appears that he was equally conscious of not getting the proper respect due to a distinguished Harvard professor and media celebrity .
As the warm welcome given to Hillary Clinton on her recent swing through Asia -- even in communist Vietnam -- appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China .
The ultimate aim , it appears , is to make Jerusalem Jewish , by purchase , by invoking historical claims , and , if necessary , by force .
What appears to have driven so many people into the streets is a common sense of economic frustration , disgust with official corruption , and humiliation at being oppressed .
The rate of return on their portfolio holdings from September 1994 to December 2002 is around 9.5 % per year in real terms , which appears more than reasonable by any account .
If current reports from Niger are accurate , there appears to be a belief that the military will restore democracy .
And the challenge of ensuring adequate surveillance appears insurmountable when one considers that polio can suddenly reappear out of the blue in a so-called wild-type form .
Seen in this angle , Chavez appears to have real achievements .
Now it appears that President George W. Bush 's closest ally in the hemisphere will not only have its FTA rejected , owing to human rights concerns in the US House and Senate .
Now it appears that President George W. Bush 's closest ally in the hemisphere will not only have its FTA rejected , owing to human rights concerns in the US House and Senate .
It appears that during an upcoming visit to Havana , the Mexican foreign minister will not meet with local dissidents , breaking with precedents established since 1993 .
Colombian President Alvaro Uribe 's strategy of `` democratic security '' appears to have paid off , supported by the United States-financed Plan Colombia , as well as by much plain good luck , such as finding thousands of incriminating computer files three months ago in an attack on a FARC camp in Ecuador .
But , having met Chávez personally a dozen times , it appears naïve , at least to me , to attribute great significance or conviction to anything he says -- moderate , hard left , or in between .
Moreover , the capacity of Mexico 's security machinery appears diminished .
No one questions the generosity of this mutation , but it is far from clear that the nearly 15 million families receiving Bolsa Familia will maintain their current income level when the stipend disappears , or that it can be sustained indefinitely .
But the left appears to have ignored that democracy and transparency apply to it as much as they do to the right or anyone else .
Scientists long anticipated that an influenza virus will spread - as now appears to be happening in Asia - from wild birds to humans , causing a pandemic .
But our dramatic progress in detecting and treating cancer has also led to growing awareness of the problem of tumor dormancy : a patient appears to be cured , only to have the same cancer return years or even decades later .
Add to the picture the two wars that the US is waging overseas -- one of which is getting hotter and increasingly appears unwinnable -- and what comes to mind among China 's leaders is the historian Paul Kennedy 's warning about `` imperial overstretch . ''
The ruling National Congress Party -LRB- NCP -RRB- appears poised to challenge the result of the referendum .
Predatory Competition Policy The recent decision by the European Court of First Instance to uphold the fine and sanctions the European Commission imposed upon Microsoft in 2004 appears to have justified the Commission 's interventionist approach to competition policy .
President Jacques Chirac of France has the support of his people , but he also has an agenda that appears to be concerned as much with French grandeur as with mere popular acclaim .
It appears that there is no way for political leaders to leave the scene gracefully .
In Italy , Silvio Berlusconi 's government also appears tainted with right-wing populism and xenophobia .
When a substantial fraction of market participants are simply buying the index , the market 's role in ensuring good corporate governance also disappears .
Now it appears to have abandoned that claim in favor of the message that failure to cut will produce disaster .
Yet today , if we look at transatlantic comparisons , Western Europe appears to be doing much better than one would expect if one were to judge from the past decade 's business press .
From this perspective , Western Europe appears to have at least as good a claim to the title of `` Good Society '' as does the US .
European unemployment , for example , appears to be half again as high as in the US .
The American political system , at least , appears incapable of setting out the central fiscal policy issues in ways that give voters a chance to make informed judgments and distinguish between candidates-even between candidates whose programs are serious and those whose programs are mathematically impossible jokes .
We economists have a hard time figuring out why there appears to be so much static on the communications line .
Moreover , the European Central Bank appears helpless because it is bound by the self-imposed fetters of its inflation target .
He appears to be proposing further tax cuts that promise to cost the United States Treasury some $ 300 billion a year , to `` offset '' them with cuts in earmarked spending accounted for at $ 3 billion a year , and somehow to balance the budget .
But now it appears that , despite all this , we still have not had enough central planning in finance .
The problem is that the Geithner Plan appears to me to be too small -- between one-eight and one-half of what it needs to be .
While all leaders -- including North Korea 's Kim Jong Il -- remain committed to denuclearization in public , none appears ready to risk much in terms of domestic politics to achieve that end .
Anti-realism remains popular and appears in various guises in textbooks and popular accounts of quantum theory .
Fortunately , Rajapaksa listened more to his war-ravaged citizens than to outsiders , and today what seemed impossible -- military victory over the Tigers , the oldest , largest , and wealthiest guerrilla army in South Asia -- appears at hand .
Rejoice that justice is served appears to be the mantra .
He also appears shrewd and tough .
If Djindjic is blamed for a lack of scruples , Kostunica appears as an anachronistic and rather conservative nationalist -LRB- though no one accuses him of extremism -RRB- .
First , it can be inflated away - a currency collapse fed by money creation until the debt disappears in a whirl of inflation .
It is easy to believe something when someone who appears knowledgeable asserts it .
Uribe , a former Liberal , appears on the verge of forging a new consensus -- embodied in his First Colombia movement , a bloc of six Uribista parties -- that embraces the sort of modernizing economics and liberal democratic politics that has characterized much of the West for the past 25 years .
Uribe has even managed , despite being a US ally , to get the support of Cuba 's Fidel Castro , who appears to have abandoned his support for armed revolutionary struggle in Latin America , instead viewing success at the ballot box -- the PAD in Colombia , Hugo Chávez in Venezuela , and Evo Morales in Bolivia -- as the way forward .
Colombia recently bucked this trend , and it now appears that the leftist candidate in Mexico 's presidential election , Andrés Manuel López Obrador , was narrowly defeated .
Moldova appears set to cave in to Russia 's pressure , partly to attract desperately needed inward investment at a time when little aid has come from the West , particularly the EU .
Western Europe 's long-held position as the world 's most important concentration of military power after the United States and Russia appears to be over .
But this round of China-bashing appears stranger than the last one .
Thus , although China 's total money supply seems excessive , with the M2-to-GDP ratio now at about 190 % , the real monetary base is actually much smaller than it appears .
It appears to be a statement of the obvious : unacceptable disasters require extraordinary counter-measures .
Scientific evidence appears to indicate that the accumulation of CO2 in the atmosphere from the burning of fossil fuels -LRB- primarily coal , oil , and natural gas -RRB- -- mainly in electricity production , transportation , and various industrial processes -- contributes to gradual global warming , with long-term adverse effects on living conditions around the world .
None of this appears to augur well for 2011 .
The low interest rate helped by making the dollar more competitive , but otherwise monetary policy appears to have lost traction because of the condition of the housing sector and the dysfunctional state of the credit markets .
CAMBRIDGE -- The United States appears trapped in a dangerous economic stalemate . The refusal by both Republicans and Democrats to give ground on the budget is preventing the government from dealing with its massive fiscal deficit and rapidly rising national debt .
Instead , consolidation of authoritarian regimes appears to be the prevailing trend .
Indeed , China appears to suggest that selective modernization is possible -LRB- modernization à la carte , so to speak -RRB- , allowing states to choose to implement only those elements of modernity -- technology , economics , infrastructure , political institutions , and values -- that they like .
If this economic bond disappears , national interests will reassert themselves and rip the project apart .
Secretly , the hope in Berlin , Paris , and other European capitals appears to be that Obama will still sort things out .
Today , after the world financial and economic crisis -LRB- and in contrast to 2001 -RRB- , the US appears to be crucially weakened .
Unfortunately , the positive outcome appears to be the less likely one .
This concept now appears in the toolbox of every economist , is taught in all classes on growth , and serves as a reference in all works on the macro economy .
His agenda appears to aim at domestic liberalization -- moving beyond the 35-hour week , ending the special pension regimes accorded to particular professions , increasing incentives to work and gain wealth . But it also seeks protection from the dizzying effects of globalization , which probably will mean strong support for the EU 's Common Agricultural Policy , skepticism toward further trade liberalization and the will to improve European Union 's economic government .
Sometimes the victims are military and the perpetrators are states , sometimes the cause appears to be just , and sometimes one person with enough weapons but no organization might wreak terror .
At the same time , the expected benefits of having SWFs as shareholders -- that is , of having a long , stable investor -- might simply be a mirage , which disappears precisely when that stability is most needed : during a global financial crisis .
Turing appears here as a caricature of the mathematical physicist .
Do n't judge the outcome of the Seoul G-20 meeting by what appears in the media .
But the 2009 meeting appears far better in hindsight .
To be sure , the causal connection remains uncertain : after all , there is also a positive relationship -- widely accepted in development economics -- between manufacturing growth and overall growth . But what has been overlooked is that the effect of services growth on aggregate economic growth appears to be as strong , if not stronger , than the effect of manufacturing growth on overall growth .
In the case of Brazil , the answer appears ambiguous , at least at first glance .
But a breakthrough appears close .
That is something to think about as this decade draws to a close -- and as the chance for humanity to take another momentous leap forward appears to be slipping away .
As a result , Putin 's Russia appears headed for the Latin American model of self-inflicted stagflation .
Indeed , the way problems are proliferating appears almost uncontrollable .
The pleasure appears to be derived from the suffering the United States is enduring after four years of efforts to stabilize Iraq .
Although Iraq still matters a lot to Americans , its importance for determining how they vote has receded , partly because US casualties there are markedly down as the security situation appears to be gradually improving .
Here , Barack Obama appears more willing to have the US launch unilateral military raids against terrorists should the opportunity arise .
McCain appears to embrace the view that such meetings are something of a reward , to be offered when preconditions are met -LRB- Iran comes to mind -RRB- and withdrawn when certain lines are crossed , as Russia was judged to have done this August in Georgia .
President Barack Obama appears to agree with this realist approach .
But someone appears to have defused the bomb .
But it appears as if Russia has failed to understand or , in fact , to genuinely take notice of any of this .
Russia seems to be compensating for a lack of self-confidence and uncertainty about its identity -- and thus also about its boundaries -- with imperialist rhetoric and nationalist bombast , which we know well from people like Vladimir Zhirinovsky , but which appears in a more cultured form on a much wider scale .
The fall of Communism was an opportunity to create more effective global political institutions based on democratic principles - institutions that could stop what appears to be , in its current form , the self-destructive tendency of our industrial world .
Some theorists include in this formulation the perceived distance of the moon -LRB- how far it appears to be from an observer -RRB- .
But it is this relationship that makes the Moon Illusion such a puzzle , because applying the SDIH requires that the moon appear farther away if it appears large , and close if it appears small .
Accordingly , when the object appears to be at different distances , the perceived size of the object must change .
This makes the moon that appears closer -LRB- i.e. , the moon at the horizon -RRB- also appear larger than the moon that appears farther away .
But , beyond pumping in dollars and supporting Musharraf and his military , the US appears clueless in dealing with Pakistan and its problems of social development .
Others are motivated by a desire to set up a rival power center , however unrealistic this appears to be .
The televised tragedy , and the shortcomings that can be observed close up , can and must be stopped , lest -- as often happens with Congo -- the crisis disappears from the front pages , while the killing continues unseen .
Although the precise nature of the disease 's transmission remains uncertain , a key event in these disorders is the conversion of the prion protein 's normal cells to an abnormal form that appears to be the major -LRB- if not the sole -RRB- component of the infection .
In one respect , then , the dispute appears set to follow a path similar to the US-Japan case .
There appears to be an overwhelming likelihood that the 1974 stalemate will be repeated in the upcoming general election on May 6 .
Lying or hiding the truth in some circumstances can , it appears , make people better off .
At least in the case of the Murdoch empire , it now appears that they pursue long and binding relationships with politicians and the police as well .
But there is some good news : HIV infection rates are slowing in large parts of Asia and Latin America , which appears to reflect a -LRB- very uneven -RRB- increase in prevention programs .
How do Schneider and Sagan reconcile the contradiction between what appears true of life - that it organizes matter into increasingly complex creatures and structures - and the notion that disorder should increase and order should be lost ?
Given the vulnerability of so many eurozone countries , it appears that Merkel does not understand the immediate implications of her plan .
As Thomas Philippon and Ariell Reshef have suggested , this group 's sharp increase in earning power appears more related to deregulation of finance -LRB- and perhaps other sectors -RRB- .
Ordinarily , you might expect House Republicans to blink at this stage of the negotiations , but there is a hardline minority that actually appears to think that defaulting on government debt would not be a bad thing .
As Senator Mark Warner graciously acknowledged , `` The Senator from Delaware sounded an early warning signal that the massive amounts of investments that had been made by certain firms to try to get what appears to be a fractional millisecond advantage in the trading process might come back and haunt us all ... I 've been proud to follow his lead . ''
NEW DELHI -- The lull in headline-grabbing terror attacks appears to be over .
Pakistan , after joining the US , as an `` ally '' in the war on terror now appears to be paying a high price domestically for becoming a `` rented state . ''
China appears to have taken the message to heart , as it voted in favor of sanctions on Iran for the first time .
Given the complexity of institutional reform , striving for what appears to be optimal might not always be the best approach .
Ironically , China 's current maritime strategy has its roots in the US , the nation that China appears to perceive as its key strategic rival , namely in the `` sea power '' theory developed by Admiral Alfred Thayer Mahan at the end of the nineteenth century .
In the Far East , paying for past broken promises appears to have forced Russia to accept China 's terms for resolving a border dispute .
These rising powers raise problems regarding Russia 's geo-strategic choices . For the first time in decades , the values gap between Russia and the EU appears to be increasing .
Given the centrality of orthodox stalwarts like Larry Summers and Timothy Geithner in the Obama administration , the prospect of serious reform appears dim .
Iran 's Political Clerics Iran 's theocratic regime appears more confident than ever .
In fact , it appears that the massive demonstrations against Ahmadinejad delayed their confrontation , since both the Supreme Leader and the president rallied publicly to defend the legitimacy of the election .
The connection between Nigerian cashew farmers and Devi Shetty 's pediatric cardiac surgery is that they both represent decentralized private activity , undertaken through the market , unlike the operations of the China National Petroleum Corporation , Sinopec , and others in Darfur and elsewhere . They all add value , but decentralized market-based activity appears likelier to engender additional goodwill .
Georgia 's latest crisis appears to mark the end of the Gorbachev generation of reform communists , which included not only the former Soviet leader , but also Shevardnadze and the former Russian president Boris Yeltsin .
Previously spurned by America in its attempts to use its longstanding contacts in Asia , this assistance appears to have convinced America that Russia can be of real help in its diplomacy with North Korea .
This bizarre brew appears to have been concocted in an effort to reconcile the irreconcilable : the current yearning for democracy with Russia 's despotic past .
This time it appears that Yanukovich is prepared to do anything to remain in power .
Despite that similarity , the reasoning behind these choices appears to be somewhat different .
On one hand , he appears to be an educated and dynamic leader committed to modernizing Russia .
Moreover , he appears to believe that confrontations between the state and civil society are counterproductive .
The UN itself appears too divided to make the vital difference .
Having engaged Turkey in the accession process , the EU appears to have abandoned Turkey , failing to live up to its decades-old commitment -- made by Charles de Gaulle and Konrad Adenauer -- to negotiate Turkish membership in the Union in good faith .
China appears to have seen the standoff over the Senkaku Islands as a test of wills -- a test Kan 's government failed abysmally .
TOKYO -- When a North Korean dove clutching an olive branch suddenly appears , the world should challenge it to reveal its hidden talons .
Nuclear cooperation between North Korea and Iran is no doubt assisting both countries to flaunt international norms -- and now it appears that Burma has joined this axis of illicit nuclear proliferation .
Today 's Asian nervousness exists not only because isolationism appears to be gaining ground once more in America , but also because Afghanistan 's stability remains in doubt , while China 's power is rising in the absence of any pan-Asian consensus or institutional structure .
The regime in Pyongyang is seeking to ensure that power passes to a third generation of Kims , represented by the pudgy and well-fed `` Dear Young General , '' Kim Jong-un , and appears to believe that provocations such as its bombardment of a South Korean island earlier this year are the way to secure the succession .
This organization , it appears , is now intended to play the central role in managing the export of missile and nuclear technologies to Iran .
It now appears that he wants to backtrack on his promise , but massive protests are inhibiting him from doing so .
Even Hatoyama 's defense minister , Toshimi Kitazawa , who had been prone to naïve remarks on the issue , appears to have come to his senses .
The good news is that economic growth in the euro-zone economy appears to be picking up -LRB- even in Italy -RRB- .
Bernanke , after an initial stumble -- a rookie mistake as one commentator put it &#45; &#45; appears to be following in his predecessor Alan Greenspan 's footsteps .
Now he appears as a gentleman of independent means and views .
With communism discredited and Catholicism waning , the connection - mental , psychological , even spiritual - of the land with defense of the fatherland , appears to be Poland 's last political certainty .
Serbia 's dynamic and mainly youthful mainstream political elite appears prepared to turn a corner and make sacrifices to secure Serbia 's long-term future in the EU -LRB- and possibly NATO -RRB- .
This Golden Rule , however , also appears in the Indian tradition .
Meanwhile , the Arab peace proposal , which calls for a Palestinian state on the 1967 borders and a fair solution to the refugee problem in exchange for normalization of Arab states ' relations with Israel , appears doomed .
After 60 years of failures , and as the generation that lived through the Nakbeh passes from the scene , a political settlement that can provide Palestinians with freedom in an independent state alongside a secure Israel and a fair solution of the refugee problem is more necessary -- but also appears less possible -- than ever .
This appears to have been precisely what has happened in Israel 's recent election .
It appears that just the opposite has happened .
The conference , it appears , succeeded in reuniting and reinvigorating the movement , which has suffered since the death of its founder and long-time leader , Yasser Arafat .
A breakthrough appears to be at hand , though all the parties still seem to be clinging to their traditional positions .
Once the possibility of serious negotiations appears , a Hamas that has improved the lives of ordinary Palestinians will be in a position to carry out the negotiations that will be needed for a historic compromise .
Israel 's National Security Advisor , Giora Eiland , appears to have recognized this even before the violence began .
Fortunately , the time for armed conflict in that region appears to have come to a definitive end , now that the Balkan states are on the path to NATO and EU membership .
The social history of ancient India , as one scholar admits , `` appears to be a string of conjectures and speculations . ''
The death sentences and torturing that were then imposed on almost entire nations and millions of people are , it now appears , to be silently accepted and noisily celebrated on May 9 in Moscow .
Credibility , it seems , appears to depend less on exchange rate arrangements than on the independence of central banks -- which has been strengthened in almost all countries that abandoned currency pegs -- and the advent of inflation targeting as an anchor for monetary policy .
This is why China -- which appears to be faring well in the crisis , meeting its 8 % growth target in 2009 -- became an economic powerhouse only after instituting market-oriented reforms in the 1980s .
The danger , then , is a failure to deliver the knockout blow at a time when the group appears to be disintegrating .
Though Putin barely implied that the dog 's superiority indicates Russia 's domination over the US , his remark appears to be in line with his general message : do n't you ever dare to doubt our high status .
Gore also frets about the future of polar bears . He claims they are drowning as their icy habitat disappears .
Solar radiation management appears to be one of the most hopeful .
It appears that climate engineering could buy us some time , and it is time that we need if we are to make a sustainable and smooth shift away from reliance on fossil fuels .
STOCKHOLM -- The idea of a `` bad bank '' appears to grow more popular by the day in countries where toxic assets have paralyzed lending .
In its current fight with Google , for example , China 's government appears to think that its technologists can provide the means to maintain the old thought control .
China 's model of authoritarian capitalism appears triumphant , but there is nothing genuinely new about this model ; like all dictatorships , it deprives people of political rights and freedom of speech .
Unfortunately , no US politician appears willing to explain this bit of common sense to the American public .
The NDP appears to believe that democratization must begin with changing the political culture and instilling democratic values .
In the world circus , the poet looks like a Knight of the Sorrowful Countenance , and Augustus the Fool appears ill-equipped for everyday life .
Routine increases banality and thoughtlessness ; the personal disappears .
But the case of Kundera appears different -- though no less disturbing .
Defined that way , the problem disappears , because the current-account deficit of the EU as a whole is only about 0.35 % of its GDP , even though individual member countries have very different external positions .
OSAKA -- Three months after the Democratic Party of Japan 's landslide general-election victory , the new administration 's foreign and security policy appears to be increasingly at odds with that of the United States .
On the Richter scale of drug disasters , the looming anti-depressant crisis appears to range between 7 and 11 , where thalidomide rates a 10 .
Today , with the EU eager to play a forceful role on the world stage , a move towards a more open system appears to be inevitable . The EU 's interlocutors in Washington , Beijing , and elsewhere already make it plain that national leaders claiming to speak for Europe lack credibility , as do EU leaders who so evidently have no convincing political mandate .
Another Fine Italian Mess ROME -- A game of smoke and mirrors : this is how Italy 's current electoral campaign appears -- both to Italians and the wider world .
With the exception of what appears to be a covert effort to force EU countries to raise corporate taxes to French and German levels , there is ostensibly nothing unreasonable in the Competitiveness Pact .
With access to extensive funds , this group appears to sub-contract many of its operations to organized crime or `` casual '' insurgents motivated more by pay than by ideology .
This group appears to rely heavily on tribal structures , kinship , and other local affiliations .
If China sees inviolable state sovereignty as the foundation of twenty-first century international affairs , as now appears to be the case , then it must explain why this principle will not lead to the same disastrous consequences as it did in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
Bad as it sounds , this prospect appears to be a `` realistic '' compromise between the supposedly utopian vision of a flourishing , unified democracy and the wretchedness of a failed state .
These feelings , it appears , are directly related to the violence gripping Iraq , and the role of foreigners in the country 's perilous security situation .
So it appears that Iraqis are showing greater attachment to their national identity and are supportive of a non-sectarian approach to government .
Whereas the `` Middle Kingdom '' is proudly regaining its former global status after centuries of decline , Russia is defiantly trying to resurrect its former imperial status , but in a manner that appears doomed to fail .
The very moment he appears on the world 's television screens , victorious and smiling , America 's image and soft power would experience something like a Copernican revolution .
But before this new order appears , the world may be faced with spreading disorder , if not outright chaos .
Of course , a single European voice in the major multilateral institutions appears more unrealistic than ever : who wants it , except maybe the EU 's smaller members ?
Indeed , as these initiatives suggest , rapprochement with Brazil and Mercosur appears to be Cuba 's best international alternative as Raúl Castro seeks to avoid falling into America 's economic orbit .
The ruling Shia elite that surrounds President Assad -- and that , together with the military oligarchy , retains almost total control of the economy -- appears to be interested mainly in preserving the stagnant status quo .
To be sure , this impression disappears if one focuses on explicit political content .
China 's government , as prone to political maneuvering and policy gridlock as any , appears to agree that immediate economic growth is crucial and that an 8 % annual rate is essential .
Rising tensions in Europe over what has ominously crystallized as `` the Muslim Question '' has made it all too easy to forget that there was a time when Islam -- a more tolerant and inclusive civilization than it appears to be in the post-9 \/ 11 West -- was fully a part of European life .
Even Western bosses keen on China , it appears , are finding it hard nowadays to praise Jiang , as he crushes the Falun Gong spiritual movement by imprisoning or confining its members to psychiatric hospitals .
Now , however , it appears that the authorities wanted only a small , managed opening , on the assumption that they could control the outcome .
But , while it seems safe to predict that Bush will serve out the rest of his term , it also appears certain that history will look upon him as a president who sought to undermine civil liberties .
Unfortunately , given Bush 's repeated assertions -- in defiance of America 's constitutional tradition of checks and balances -- that his office endows him with unilateral powers to violate rights , he appears to be untroubled by that prospect .
Their reasons also seem to have a pragmatic ring : they do n't want to cause North Korea to collapse by being too harsh ; they fear losing influence in Burma to India or the United States ; no one is doing much about Darfur , so to jeopardize the supply of Sudanese oil by pushing the regime in Khartoum appears futile .
But , while Medvedev 's victory in the first round of voting appears assured , the important questions will arise after the ballots are counted .
Seen from Washington , Europe 's attention-seeking and responsibility-shirking behavior appears infantile .
Unfortunately , Obama 's administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Yet that is what appears to be happening .
Perhaps because Iraq will define his legacy , he has proven reluctant to let go at a point when his policy appears to be a disaster .
There may not be as much conflict between these two agendas as first appears .
McCain is a man of strong traditional values who prides himself on his willingness to act quickly and decisively , which he sought to do during the negotiations on the bailout by suspending his campaign to return to Washington . That effort appears to have backfired , because the Republicans that he leads initially balked at passing the legislation .
After the sound and fury of its recent elections , Africa 's most populous country appears set to face violence and chaos born of deprivation and neglect .
For now , the north appears divided .
But as French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel meet Russian President Dmitri Medvedev in Deauville , it would be wise to recognize that the Kremlin appears to be changing the terms of this nascent relationship .
But , following a recent 64 % devaluation of the currency , the clock appears to be running out on his prolonged misrule .
While the current yield on 10-year Polish government bonds of 4.7 % appears to be at the edge of meeting the Maastricht long-term interest-rate benchmark , sustainability will depend on the fiscal policy outlook and on the overall credit risk .
For most low - and middle-income countries , the incipient economic recovery appears to be fragile and uneven .
Indeed , unlike the DP 's leader , Adnan Menderes , who was brutally executed following a sham military trial , the AKP 's Recep Tayyip Erdo?an , who will now begin his third term as Prime Minister , appears to have secured democratic political control of Turkey 's military and bureaucracy .
Both institutions ' ability to challenge the results of elections appears at an end .
This appears to satisfy everyone , but it puts you in panic mode .
With debt burdens elevated and housing prices significantly above levels warranted by their historical relation to income , the business cycle of the last two decades appears exhausted .
He appears on CNN , but has he actually visited Gaza since his appointment in the summer of 2007 ?
Obama already appears to have gone further in the pursuit of bipartisanship than his predecessors .
We have also been able to watch on our televisions this month what appears to be the final stages in the battle to cap the huge oil spill off the coast of Florida and Louisiana .
The best method of strengthening Ahmadinejad , however , appears to be to threaten the country and the regime as a whole .
While Iran 's ruling elite appears to be divided over the prospect of a full-scale rapprochement with the US , they share this underlying fear of America and do not want their country to be isolated further .
The reason for these negative effects appears to be that high corporatism is strongly correlated with stifled entrepreneurship and obstructive job protection .
Opponents of genetic engineering in food and agriculture have several arguments , none of which appears to be valid .
The Kremlin appears to be seeking systematically to obstruct the US , even when obstruction does not seem to be in Russia 's national interest .
So extensive is this process that it sometimes appears as a `` legislative tornado . ''
Imported legal solutions , it appears , are unlikely to work unless key constituencies - local farmers or business owners , say - support the process of legal transplantation and develop a demand for the legal solutions the transplanted rules offer .
The probability of catastrophes , whether intentional or not , resulting from human activity appears to be increasing because of the rapidity and direction of technological advances .
We can reasonably disagree with MacAskill 's decision , but we should acknowledge that -- unless there is more going on than appears on the surface -- he was motivated by some of the finest values we are capable of exercising .
As a broker of Shevardnadze 's removal , Russia at last appears to be interested in a stable Georgia .
The current recovery appears to be similarly slow in creating jobs .
Nuclear Targets LOS ANGELES &#45; &#45; Nuclear facilities as military targets ? The drumbeat appears to be growing louder .
And , for the moment , Israel 's Syrian strike appears to have eliminated a potential threat .
Timor-Leste is still only an observer in the ASEAN family , but it appears able to grasp -- far better than Myanmar , an ASEAN member state -- the need for a rules-based ASEAN that stands for democratic governance even in the most difficult of circumstances .
It is only as an additional level of government that the EU appears onerous and bureaucratic .
The good news is that China appears to have arrived at a similar conclusion .
European Social Democracy 's Powerless Power At first glance , European social democracy appears to be in crisis .
Even in areas where the empirical record appears clear , closer analysis reveals major flaws .
Such an attitudinal change appears to have had a particularly profound effect in one of the important growth miracles of the last quarter century - India since the early 1980 's .
The impact of soccer globalization on African countries appears to be just the opposite .
Although the financial crisis appears to be contained in the United States and Europe , its full repercussions will not be clear for some time .
This model became frayed from the 1980 's on , and now appears to have broken down .
Ultimately , greater convergence in the post-crisis global economy appears inevitable .
Their Euro-skepticism certainly appears to be vindicated by events .
But whatever measures of `` political '' qualities and ownership separation we use , the index of employment protection appears to be the best predictor of ownership separation in the wealthy West .
Wherever the IMF appears on the scene to provide financial assistance , painful government budget cuts seem certain to follow .
To be sure , we economists have found that globalization appears to have played a far lesser role in growing wage inequality than have technological advances .
Unemployment is at a cyclical low , and the economy appears to be less volatile than at any point in modern history .
The Federal Reserve appears to care about exchange rates only to the extent that they affect growth and inflation , and right now the weak dollar is helping US exports .
Instead , as the credit crunch and housing price decline continue , an epic mortgage bailout appears increasingly likely , possibly costing US taxpayers a trillion dollars or more .
The increase was perhaps exaggerated in the heat of the moment , but a good chunk of the money actually appears to have materialized .
Absent a clear path to a much tighter fiscal and political union , which can lead only through constitutional change , the current halfway house of the euro system appears increasingly untenable .
So far , the US response appears to be more aggressive than that of the euro zone , as the European Central Bank falls behind the curve on interest rates and the EU 's fiscal stance remains weak .
Chávez himself appears to have tacitly , if reluctantly , accepted that the recall vote will be held this August .
If it appears that the withdrawal will proceed and Sharon can assemble a government to implement it , the Palestinian side will then face a major challenge .
Europe appears poised to do more , while the US appears to be the main obstacle .
When peace appears to be close at hand , radicals on one side of the conflict or the other provoke an explosion to derail it .
The war party appears to be trying to whip up American public opinion in support of a wider conflict .
An indigenous civil society has emerged ; indeed , Iran appears to be the only nation in the Islamic Middle East that is building a sustainable liberal foundation from the bottom up .
On the contrary , Pakistan 's liberals are brave to agitate for democracy , the rule of law , and accountability for Musharraf , whose presidency appears beyond rehabilitation .
Indeed , given rising tension with Israel and possible indictments of its operatives by the international tribunal investigating the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafic al-Hariri , Hezbollah appears to be hemmed in on all sides .
Although a real breakthrough in the Arab-Israeli peace process appears unlikely , United States envoy George Mitchell is still talking of Arab-Israeli peace as a distinct possibility in 2011 .
But , while Chávez-style populism appears to have made some headway in Peru , it is far from succeeding .
The truth is that trafficking will stop only when the need for organs disappears .
The agenda appears straightforward , but `` Paris III '' has acquired a barely concealed political purpose : to bolster the government of Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Siniora in the face of a powerful domestic challenge led by Hezbollah , and by extension to curb the influence of Hezbollah 's regional backers , Syria and Iran .
It was his ambition to subject the country to truly far-reaching social and political reforms that sealed his downfall and also brought about this new trial , which appears intended to silence him for good .
Tickling appears to be caused by unexpected sensations on certain areas of the skin .
Of course , Putin has concentrated so much authority and control over the levers of power in his own hands that he appears capable of anything .
Five percent per year of $ 1 is only five cents , 5 % of $ 10 is only 50 cents , and the curve appears flat for a while .
On closer inspection , the idea that the market will yield a real 6.9 % a year in the future appears suspect .
The real-estate boom appears to be cooling .
The vacation-home boom appears psychologically tied to the urban home-price bubble in many of the world 's `` glamour cities , '' and prices of these vacation homes are similarly vulnerable to a significant drop in coming years .
With government deficits the norm , that appears unlikely .
So Mexico 's current economic slowdown appears to reflect nothing more than weak global conditions .
With over 20 million Mexicans in the US already , and with Hispanic voters so potent a political force that President Bush makes a show of speaking Spanish , that commitment appears genuine .
But that improvement appears to have been only a so-called `` impact effect . ''
Moreover , though Mexico elected its first president , Vicente Fox , from an opposition party after 71 years of one-party rule , this new democratic government appears ineffective .
Merton concluded : `` It appears that the cosmopolitan influential has a following because he knows , the local influential because he understands . ''
The rapid increase thus appears to be mostly the result of speculative momentum that occurred before the interest-rate cuts .
George Akerlof and I have just written a book by the same name , but by the time Animal Spirits appears later this winter , the world economy may be even worse than it is now .
This surge in volatility appears to reflect a new and different attitude toward homes as an asset -- an attitude that has spread around much of the world .
That is why it appears safer to predict high volatility in 2010 than to predict that home prices will rise .
That question is usually not singled out for attention , but it appears spot-on for what we really want to know : what deep anxieties and fears do people have that might inhibit their willingness to spend for a long time .
Investors may respond emotionally , but they are unlikely to let their anger cause them to miss what appears to be a substantive increase in value .
Indeed , that outcome appears likely .
Still , the logical conclusion of the Kremlin 's Kadyrov policy appears to be precisely what it sought to prevent -- Chechen independence -- when it engaged in the first Chechen war almost a generation ago .
While a broad and abrupt sell-off by major foreign holders of dollars -- for example , China -- appears unlikely , a cataclysmic event , similar to the outbreak of the Great War in 1914 , could prompt a search for a new international medium of exchange .
Comparisons between countries with different cultures are difficult , but the same effect appears within countries , except at very low income levels , such as below $ 12,000 annually for the US .
The case of Khaled el-Masri , a German citizen of Lebanese descent , appears to be another of these errors .
Some depression appears to be genetic , in which case genetic therapy may ultimately offer a solution .
But much mental illness appears to depend on environmental factors .
The police persecution of the animal movement appears to be an attempt by the conservative party , which controls the Ministry of the Interior , and its animal industry supporters to strike back at a legitimate , peaceful challenge to the way we treat animals .
It also appears contrary to the broad thrust of the Church 's teaching about marriage and the family as the appropriate context for rearing children . Dignitas Personae says that new human life should be `` generated through an act which expresses the reciprocal love between a man and a woman . ''
Her husband 's sperm appears to have been used , but news reports are unclear about the source of the egg .
So far , a relatively small number of human beings have died from the current strain of avian influenza , and it appears that they have all been in contact with infected birds .
In another , a man who appears to have gotten into the enclosure at night , when Sea World was closed , was found dead in the pool with Tilly .
This approach appears paternalistic , and perhaps it is , but it could also be defended in terms of preventing people from making their children destitute , and becoming -- in a country like Norway , which provides for its poor -- a burden on the state .
Thus , she appears to view school plays as a waste of time that could be better spent studying or practicing music .
Indeed , Obama is placed in a unique position for an American president , a position that he appears to comprehend , though his opponents in the US do not .
While progress has been made , it appears several countries are falling behind on this pledge .
Today , that first lesson appears to have been learned : various bailout and stimulus packages have stimulated depressed economies sufficiently for us to have a reasonable expectation that the worst of the slump is over .
Labor 's model of the economy implies maintaining the deficit for as long as needed , and even increasing government spending if the recovery appears to be flagging .
In its first episode , Ferguson appears amid the splendid monuments of China 's Ming Dynasty , which , in the fifteenth century , was undoubtedly the greatest civilization of the day , with its naval expeditions reaching the coasts of Africa .
Although the EU Commission appears to be committed to building a more open , competitive energy market in Europe , action against Russia 's noncompetitive practices within the EU has taken a back seat to internal differences over takeover battles for national energy `` champions '' involving companies from other member states .
The EU appears to have decided that the world will be one of Great Power rivalry , and that this requires a power-politics approach to global governance .
The plea for a single European regulator -LRB- a `` European SEC '' -RRB- is , at the moment , misguided : there is no legal basis in the Treaty -LRB- or in the draft constitution -RRB- , member states ' legal systems are too different , rules are not sufficiently harmonized , and Community law appears to be moving towards decentralization .
And , because there is no strategic reason to run large surpluses , with an excess of savings over investment , maintaining reasonable balance on the current account appears to be the preferred course .
Worryingly , QE2 appears to be viewed in the US as a growth strategy , which it is n't , unless one believes that low interest rates will reverse the private-sector deleveraging process , raise consumption , and lower savings -- neither a likely nor a desirable scenario .
And emerging-market growth returned to pre-crisis levels and appears to be sustainable , helped by unorthodox policies designed to `` sterilize '' massive capital inflows .
Even if a bailout plan were implemented quickly -- which appears increasingly unlikely -- there would be some credit contraction .
The stimulus package appears big -- more than 2 % of GDP per year -- but one-third of it goes to tax cuts .
In 2009 , we again see why Adam Smith 's invisible hand often appears invisible : it is not there .
Even the commitment of the accord to provide amounts approaching $ 30 billion for the period 2010-2012 for adaptation and mitigation appears paltry next to the hundreds of billions of dollars that have been doled out to the banks in the bailouts of 2008-2009 .
With soaring deficits , a second stimulus appears unlikely , and , with monetary policy at its limits and inflation hawks being barely kept at bay , there is little hope of help from that department , either .
It appears that a new IMF has gradually , and cautiously , emerged under the leadership of Dominique Strauss-Kahn .
Al Qaeda , while not conquered , no longer appears to be the threat that loomed so large in the wake of the 9\/11 attacks .
But America today appears less safe .
So far , there appears to be no rush to make amends in South Africa , and , as elsewhere , the evidence is meager that the corporate conscience runs very deep .
Today , the Stability Pact appears frayed .
It appears that the selection of the new IMF managing director will be no more open than the last .
The typical American family knows that it is worse off today than it was four years ago , and appears unconvinced that the tax cuts targeted at upper-income Americans brought the benefits heralded by the Bush administration .
America 's troubled private pension system -- now several hundred billion dollars in debt -- already appears headed for a government bailout .
It has been exploring new ways of `` delivering '' aid , sometimes using state and local governments where that appears more effective .
It now appears , however , that some of the boom of the last years of the 1990s was as much a mirage as the collapsed boom of East Asia .
Inequality appears to have been on the rise in recent decades at the international level and in most countries .
So the future in Asia now appears to belong to China , whose economic growth supports that of neighboring countries -- and whose mercantilism is prevailing in the region .
China 's government therefore appears ready to allow the renminbi to appreciate , the question being how fast .
Bangladesh is in a better position to weather the global financial storm than most Asian countries , because its banks are not over-exposed and its garment industry focuses on the lower end of the market , which , so far , appears to be holding up .
The Uribe-Lula-Calderón axis appears set on keeping him there .
The BNP appears to view religious extremism as a tool to break the power of the opposition Awami League , which is largely supported by the secular and urban middle classes .
What Ahmedinejad appears to want are bargaining chips to secure the release of 6 Iranians who were aiding the Iraqi insurgency before being captured by the US .
A `` bamboo '' economic zone appears to be emerging , perhaps to replace today 's weakening US-centric trans-Pacific ties .
Only one Latin American country -LRB- Haiti -RRB- appears in the group of low HDI countries , while the rest are in the medium and high HDI groups .
That great staple of political rhetoric appears to have been buried across the developing world .
The recent emergence of a United States-India partnership appears to have convinced China 's rulers that India has become an instrument for the `` containment '' of China .
In addition , the US appears to be seeking to avoid open antagonism with Morales .
In Colombia , Álvaro Uribe -LRB- 2002-2006 , 2006-2010 -RRB- , in power since 2002 , got his chance for a first re-election in 2006 through a questionable constitutional reform , and appears set to try for a third term by forcing a referendum to amend the constitution again .
In short , Latin America appears to be becoming a region of democracy by plebiscite .
But Colombia does not seem to want continuity at any price ; instead it now appears to favor moderate revision of what Uribe has built over the past decade .
If , as appears increasingly likely , Mockus becomes president , his agenda promises to be prudent -- neither a leap into the void nor immobilized by the need for profound changes .
Moreover , `` the US housing market appears to be stabilizing ... Overall , the US mortgage market has remained resilient , although the sub-prime segment has deteriorated a bit more rapidly than had been expected . ''
In early October , Putin wrote a newspaper article that proclaimed what appears to be his reigning foreign-policy goal : a Eurasian Union of former Soviet states .
It is increasingly likely that Saakashvili 's policy is aimed at instigating bloodshed in South Ossetia or Abkhazia and putting all the blame on Russia - a strategy that appears designed to bring the Americans to the region eventually .
Official forecasts for Russian GDP growth in 2009 remain positive , but most analysts , including government officials , are bracing for a severe recession -- which , indeed , appears to have started in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
In the public 's eyes , the focus on such institutions appears justified by the huge costs of financial rescue .
Yet no nuclear-armed country currently appears to be preparing for a future without these terrifying devices .
The danger in Zimbabwe appears to be comparable .
An economy that appears arbitrary and illegitimate in the eyes of the majority of people may , for a time , run on the false confidence of easy profits .
But the only thing that Russia appears to be concerned about is that , whatever successor regime emerges , it is willing to do the Kremlin 's bidding .
I have even found myself in supposed `` automobile accidents , '' an epidemic of which appears to effect President Kuchma 's opponents .
But the 2011 surge appears to be rooted in broader commodity scarcity than before .
The demand outlook thus appears favorable for the coal industry , creating significant investment opportunities .
The same impulse appears to be at work behind Italy 's policy on Autostrade , Spain 's on Endesa , Poland 's on its banking sector , the former Swedish Prime Minister 's on Volvo , German unease about `` locust '' - like funds on Deutsche Börse , or the United Kingdom 's ever louder defense of the London Stock Exchange 's independence from the United States .
But the 2007 licensing round appears to have been rushed through to raise cash during the dying days of the Obasanjo administration , and it would serve India 's government well to watch this process closely , too .
There appears to be no single answer .
The `` competition of ideas '' appears to be confined to al-Qaeda 's jihadi agenda .
Mahathir appears to have been spurred on by the successes of the neighboring island-state of Singapore , briefly a part of Malaysia , on its swift march to First World status .
It appears unlikely that a single party will emerge from the election with enough parliamentary seats to govern on its own .
But , given current progress and high capital costs , this appears overly optimistic .
The cycle of fundamental discovery , technological development , revelation of undesirable consequences , and public aversion appears unbreakable .
The idea of reforming the system by introducing a supranational reserve currency is also , it appears , supported by Russia and other emerging markets .
The term `` stoicism '' appears over and over in media coverage of Japan 's calamity .
China 's Decrepit Population China 's government finally appears to be acknowledging the urgent challenges presented by the country 's aging population .
Europe appears to be more stuck than ever .
Parliamentary supremacy , one of the key issues in any country 's democratization , appears to be at hand in Kuwait .
In response to America 's failed policies in the Middle East , whether in Iraq , Iran , Syria , Lebanon , or Palestine , Russia appears to be using its oil-fired wealth to knit together a new bloc to counter the US presence .
In the short term Russia armed with high oil prices has nothing to lose but in the long term , Russia 's policy in the Middle East appears to be doubly misguided .
The frightening state in the region is the United States , which , following the terrorist attacks of September 2001 , was anxious to bring about democratic regime change -- a failed policy that now appears to have left the US unable to leave .
Finally , the US now appears to have concluded that Saleh 's regime can not be revived .
Like Mamal , they , too , have been detained , and the government appears determined to prosecute them .
That stance appears to have been contagious , because the United States , too , has done everything possible to change the subject whenever the Saudi role in the 9\/11 attacks is raised .
Their new leader , King Abdullah , appears to have legitimacy because of his seniority in the family .
`` Economic strangulation '' of North Korea appears to be the fallback option . Strengthening and tightening United Nations Security Council Resolution 1718 , crafted in the wake of North Korea 's first nuclear test in October 2006 , should be the immediate task .
Instead , Russia is ruled by `` yes men '' who are only able to agree and echo : `` As you say , Mr. Prime Minister ... '' ; `` As you wish , Mr. President ... '' One reason is that the country 's leadership now appears to be digesting the same garbage information it feeds to the public .
Judging from the recent evolution of Ecuadorian bond yields , it appears that markets have not punished Ecuador 's behavior : Ecuador , an oil exporter blessed by the 2009 recovery in oil prices , could have returned to the capital markets shortly after the exchange .
But the lessons of the past seem to be too distant in policymakers ' minds these days , whereas domestic political pressure to put national economies first appears overwhelming .
They simply do not care about others the way most people do , and the dysfunctional processing of oxytocin in their brains appears to be one reason for this .
With the greater number of medications approved for the treatment of bipolar disorder , along with multiple reports cautioning clinicians against under-diagnosis , it appears that over-diagnosis has become a greater problem than under-diagnosis .
