General Musharraf appeared on the national scene on October 12 , 1999 , when he ousted an elected government and announced an ambitious `` nation-building '' project .
Pakistan 's military links with America appear to remain on a sound footing , so the strategic alliance with the US is likely to continue , perhaps with some nuanced differences over how to fight the `` war on terror . ''
Pakistan 's government appears to be preparing to talk to some of the extremists in the tribal areas , introduce political reforms , and redouble development efforts .
American reluctance to abandon Musharraf -- together with prolonged electricity shortages , which made the new government appear incompetent -- also raised his hopes .
The army appears to be winning this time around , in marked contrast to its recent half-hearted confrontations with Taliban forces in neighboring tribal areas .
But Russia appears to be in a Gaullist mood , and has other outstanding issues causing friction with the US and Europe .
Russia knows that such negotiations will be fruitless , but believes that another seemingly innocent appeal for more talks would strain EU unity , which appears to be a vital goal for Putin .
A seamless transition appeared possible .
Following King Abdullah II of Jordan 's intervention , Israel appears to have agreed to allow the Badr Brigade 's entry with full arms and ammunition .
The Warriors of God is one of a handful of radical , al-Qaeda-inspired groups to have appeared in the Gaza Strip in recent months , first coming to public attention in June after claiming responsibility for a failed horseback attack on Israel from Gaza .
The Salafi groups , however , appear increasingly influenced by the growth of radical al-Qaeda-style extremism in Pakistan , Iraq , and Afghanistan .
Most recently , Iran 's government announced plans to enrich its uranium to levels that appear incompatible with civilian use and that defy several United Nations Security Council resolutions .
The old do not work , and a smaller and smaller share of the population -LRB- the disappearing young -RRB- is taxed to support them .
In turn , the high tax rates needed to support the old discourage the young from working , creating a vicious cycle : ever increasing tax rates on a disappearing labor force , lower growth rates , and fewer resources available to support those that retire at 60 and live into their 90 's .
Or is the transatlantic ideological divide deep , pervasive , and unlikely to disappear anytime soon ?
The organization and allocation of power in the UN , the IMF , the World Bank , and the G7 meetings reflects a global equilibrium that disappeared long ago .
Accordingly , references to the need for pushing ahead with reforms have disappeared from his speeches .
Contrary to appearances , open sectoralism is not a first step to more comprehensive trade agreements .
Such agreements , which often dismantle not only tariffs but other regulatory barriers , may appear unassailable .
At times an old woman in traditional dress appeared to feed the animals .
The amount of marble used for renovation seemed excessive , and the understanding of what constitutes luxury appeared to correspond to the standards of a Holiday Inn .
Should levels of displacement remain high , as appears likely , the humanitarian crisis may deepen further , especially because strained local resources have led some governorates to begin refusing to admit displaced people .
An active Russian civil society , which seemed to appear out of nowhere in Mikhail Gorbachev 's Soviet Union of 1989-1990 after the long Soviet hibernation , receded far too quickly .
Unfortunately , Iraq appears set to continue to be a major source of high oil prices , owing to highly erratic output .
Central banks are currently attempting to plug one leak as the next appears .
In any case , the central bank has already projected that Brazil 's trade surplus will disappear this year , with a small deficit expected .
Khamenei 's backing of the June 2009 putsch now appears to be a costly mistake .
With this single error , he has undermined what had appeared to be a robust post-revolutionary course for the first and only theocracy in modern history . The cries of `` God is Great ! '' have now been overtaken by chants of `` Death to the Dictator ! '' in recent demonstrations in Tehran , Tabriz , Shiraz , and other Iranian cities .
Last spring China appeared to have locked up a Russian commitment to build a pipeline to service the China market at Daqing .
But Egypt 's old-line Muslim Brotherhood , with all of its factions , tendencies , and offshoots , no longer appears to be the country 's dominant Islamist force , as Salafis challenge the Brotherhood 's traditional hegemony .
The situation in the Kremlin appears reminiscent of the spring of 1996 , when a group of KGB men , led by President Boris Yeltsin 's chief bodyguard , General Alexander Korzhakov , almost seized power .
But , having curried favor with Russia 's media , they were unaccustomed to criticism -- and rendered helpless when it appeared .
Nor has the old regime disappeared .
It is all the more important that we remember this today , because these threats are not becoming fewer , but are only transforming and changing their appearance .
High-level corruption is so rampant that Russia appears unable to build major public infrastructure projects .
After 16 years of negotiations , Russia appeared poised to join the WTO within a couple of months .
KIEV -- Two years ago , five of the ten new East European members of the European Union -- the three Baltic states , Hungary , and Romania -- appeared to be devastated by the global financial crisis .
The eurozone sovereign-debt crisis appears to have been the worst-managed financial crisis since Argentina 's default in 2001 .
For the time being , elementary fiscal and monetary rules appear more appropriate .
But that does not mean that tensions with Russia will automatically disappear .
Syria , whose secular , militarized dictatorship most closely resembles the fallen regimes of Tunisia and Egypt , may not be next in line , but appears nonetheless to be approaching a tipping point .
The country 's two biggest drug gangs , the Sinaloa and Tamaulipas organizations , were once rivals , but are now allied against their former partners -- the Vicente Carrillo Fuentes , Beltrán-Leyva , and Zetas organizations -- which appeared during Mexico 's long period of one-party rule by the Institutional Revolutionary Party -LRB- PRI -RRB- .
For people like Bin Laden -- and it appears that it is his version of Islamic fundamentalism which is behind the terror acts in New York and Washington -- even the Saudi monarchy is evil , because it has facilitated American presence in the Middle East .
The military odds appear daunting .
One premise underlies this entire line of thought : to imagine that there is a democratic alternative to Saddam , or that once he disappears there will be a democratic transition in Iraq , is to entertain dangerous illusions .
America 's mounting difficulties in setting up a coherent form of government in Iraq , let alone a democratic one , inspire a question that most statesmen consider unthinkable : is it possible that there is no way to re-constitute Iraq as one state , and that alternative options must be considered , unpalatable as they may appear ?
To Hamas , however , they appear to undermine its very raison d'etre .
But nothing of the sort appears in the truncated text approved by Hamas .
But it does not appear that Olmert will allow himself to be pushed out .
Many who want Olmert to go would still not welcome a Netanyahu comeback , which may also explain what appears to be an indirect endorsement of Olmert by the United States .
When one bears in mind that both sides have been negotiating directly for 15 years , Mitchell 's achievement appears even more minuscule .
For many years , the AKP appeared to many in the region and elsewhere as a model for a democratic party with Islamic roots .
Far from avoiding conflicts and mediating existing tensions , Turkey under the AKP appears intent on stoking new conflicts and creating new frontlines .
Yet , while most Arab regimes now appear threatened , only two authoritarian rulers -- Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali in Tunisia and Hosni Mubarak in Egypt -- have been actually deposed so far . Theirs were relatively `` soft '' autocracies .
Developments in Egypt will be crucial , not only because it is the largest Arab country , but also because some of the necessary pre-conditions appear to have a stronger presence there than elsewhere in the region .
At the moment , only the army -- which has effectively ruled the country since 1952 -- and the Muslim Brotherhood , which has the widest social networks , appear to be serious players .
How will all of this influence the Israeli-Palestinian peace process , which appears stuck ?
While this appears to have been successful , questions remain as to whether the turmoil could have been averted and its impact mitigated .
The IMF should also be more proactive and speak with greater candor in systemically important countries , where shortcomings in financial supervision and crisis management have appeared .
Those who claim that `` political union '' is necessary for the eurozone appear to focus on the second feature , despite the fact that fiscal constraints on local governments are clearly a typical and important component of single states .
If and when the natural resource generating the windfall wealth -LRB- in this case , oil and gas -RRB- disappears , the economy is left with too few competitive industries and too many empty bookstore-cafes .
After all , the demand will not disappear on its own .
If it is true , the case against Karma suggests that officials stationed in Tibetan areas may be gaining more power , able to reach out beyond their jurisdictions to pursue what appear to be little more than personal grievances .
It would be an exaggeration to compare the situation to the way the Nazis took over institutions in Germany in the 1930s , and to how people back then fell in line , because no one is disappearing into concentration camps .
Some people responded opportunistically , seeing the way to promotion open as talented colleagues disappeared .
Tragically , such losses never appear on the profit sheets measured by accountants .
These efforts appear to have catalyzed greater environmental sensitivity among the country 's leaders .
Indeed , local governments appear less afraid of Beijing 's bite than before .
What 's Left of Confucianism ? BEIJING -- The Chinese government 's very public display of compassion and transparency in response to the devastating earthquake in Sichuan province appears to have strengthened its authority and its bonds with ordinary Chinese people .
The Turkey of Erdogan 's dominant Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- appears to be seeking a new mission civilisatrice , with the Middle East and the former Soviet republics as its alternative horizons .
Only the United States appears to be committed to creating the conditions needed to implement the CPA .
From now on , it appeared to Israelis , the US will treat all states the same when it comes to nuclear weapons .
Monarchies -- in Morocco , Saudi Arabia , Jordan , and most of the Gulf dynasties -- still appear to their subjects to be more acceptable than secular autocracies .
Contrary to appearances , the deal is not a reflection of both sides ' interest in beginning a political rapprochement that might lead to the end of the Gaza siege and other confidence-building measures .
But that deal now appears to be collapsing .
-LRB- Of course , paradoxes appear every now and then , such as when globalization is advocated alongside demands for stronger censorship . -RRB-
Nevertheless , this move appeared to be all that was needed for Islam-minded voters to return to the fold of the ruling front .
The funding from the parent banks that in the earlier phase of the crisis helped provide liquidity to the East European banking systems now appears more as a liability and possible source of contagion .
But an acceleration of reforms also appears unlikely , with the possible exception of the financial sector .
The European Union 's highly touted `` Lisbon Declaration '' of a few years ago , which proclaimed that Europe would become the world 's most competitive region by 2010 , appears laughable to Americans , whose productivity gains seem to scale new heights constantly .
The strength of these protests , however , will make dawdling over Nato enlargement appear as a kowtow to President Putin ;
For some time now America has appeared to be intent on discarding the basic ordering instrument of relations between states - international treaties and the institutions that watch over them .
What used to succeed as a win-win arrangement for big and small alike , now appears as a zero-sum game to many of them .
Schroeder has been pushing the EU to lift the embargo , a move that now appears imminent .
Countries that contribute troops would appear to be siding unequivocally with Israel , thereby losing all credibility with Israel 's adversaries .
All the major Western central banks -- including even the traditionally `` hawkish '' ECB -- appear to be sticking their heads in the sand .
Often , jobs that would have disappeared anyway , owing to high costs in the US and other rich countries , have resurfaced where costs are lower , thus providing services that would have been lost otherwise .
With the rise of the business corporation , large family firms have generally disappeared .
If the EU builds its foreign and security policy on the basis of recognition of this truth , many of today 's divisions will disappear .
Rents disappear , and think of the effects of airline deregulation on pilots ' salaries .
So far , no government appears to have fallen to that temptation .
The result is a temporary increase in budget deficits ; the fiscal benefits appear only when private schemes start taking over pension liabilities from the state-run systems .
Since happiness is ultimately what people want the most , while wealth is only a means to that end , the primacy now accorded to economic growth would appear to be a mistake .
Ever since Laurent Fabius took a hit in the polls when he mocked her candidacy by asking , `` Who will mind the children ? '' , her opponents have feared appearing misogynous when attacking her , and when they do criticize her , she immediately assumes the pose of innocent victim , unfairly bashed by schoolboy bullies .
That assessment is stunning , yet few American leaders -- Democrats and Republicans alike -- appear to be wondering if military power is the best answer to security issues .
The majority of French people , however , appear to favor improving ties with the US .
All of this means that when California slumps , residents simply leave for the mountain states ; when manufacturing jobs disappear in the upper Midwest , people migrate to new jobs in Texas .
That is in addition to explicit tax hikes on income , capital gains , and dividends , the implicit ones on energy via cap-and-trade , etc. . It appears that the Obama strategy is to `` stuff the beast '' -LRB- the mirror image of the tax-cutting `` starve the beast '' philosophy attributed to some of President Ronald Reagan 's advisers -RRB- , i.e. , to initiate massive spending and hide the true cost from citizens .
Indeed , most of the stimulus money will be spent after the recession `` appears to have ended , '' and the evidence is that so far it has had little effect .
Encouragingly , all sides appear to accept the results .
In essence , while all of Iraq 's factions have a strong interest in promoting a central government that appears fully functional , that government 's powers will in fact be limited .
Indeed , with Shiite-Sunni violence already intensifying , the Iraqi government may not be able to maintain even the appearance of effectiveness for very long .
In sum , the Iraqi government may appear effective for much of 2006 , but it will be committed to trying to serve the competing interests of sharply divided constituencies .
NEW YORK -- Zimbabwe 's election appears , once again , to confirm a truism : Africa only seems to make international headlines when disasters strike -- a drought , a coup , a war , a genocide , or , as in the case of Robert Mugabe , grossly incompetent government .
President Umaru Yar ` Adua has taken concrete steps to tackle elite-level corruption in Nigeria , and appears to have made progress toward a comprehensive peace agreement with the Delta rebels .
In fact , the Congress Party-led government , anxious to appear responsive to public demand for help during an election-year economic slowdown , has pushed forward three stimulus packages since December .
These shifts will be gradual , persistent , and less predictable than what investors had come to expect during the deceptive calm of the euro 's first decade , when the currency union 's establishment , together with EU enlargement and liberalization , appeared to create a stable and benign environment .
The few Saudi demonstrations appear populated almost entirely by minority Shia , who find little sympathy among majority Sunnis , and by foreign construction workers petitioning for higher wages and better working conditions .
Nor does Iran 's government appear to face real danger .
Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo appears poised to try to amend the country 's constitution to allow himself a chance at a third term .
Indeed , even southern governors who are not reliable Obasanjo allies appear determined to maintain their influence within the central government by ensuring that the country 's next president is a southerner .
But some of them appear to have `` graduated '' toward a stability rooted in sustainable governance .
Now , instead of waiting for Maliki to act , US forces appear poised to do the job themselves .
When Iraq falls apart , as now appears all but inevitable , the US will need as many friends in the region as it can get , particularly as the battle with Iran for regional influence and the conflict over its nuclear program intensifies .
Buffeted by criticism that their position on the war in Iraq is incoherent and that they are soft on security threats , the Democrats appear determined to ratchet up pressure on Iran , favoring much broader sanctions than the Bush administration has proposed .
To preserve the appearance that their meddling is benign , senior military officers probably know that they can not afford to install another general as president .
But the inertia of a bureaucratic drug-enforcement superstructure -LRB- worth approximately $ 40 billion each in the US and the EU -RRB- , sustained by a deep-seated fear of the `` threat '' posed by drugs and cartels , appears to push policy repeatedly towards the familiar option of repressive auto-pilot .
Coming on the heels of Yushchenko 's alleged poisoning , the timing of the move against Tymoshenko appears to be anything but coincidental .
Sadly , he now appears poised to make another serious political miscalculation , because he is backing a radical constitutional reform aimed at creating a purely presidential system .
Economic globalization risked provoking a backlash by provincial populists , while the external enemy -- the glue that held the neo-conservative movement together -- had disappeared .
Efforts to `` pressure '' the Chinese appear similarly futile .
There is every reason to take these events seriously , because EID 's appear to have a long evolutionary history .
But , since Hamas will not simply disappear -- nor will Hezbollah -- so the key point is to defend Israel and its citizens as they pursue their normal lives .
Encompassing all big emerging economies , this appeared to be the most effective way to muster the legitimacy denied to the G-7 .
While there may be some element of truth in this , Musharraf appears not to have learned the lesson of his final year in office .
The death of Al Qaeda 's leader deep in Pakistan , in a city with a heavy military presence , appears to confirm what many have long alleged : Pakistan , not Afghanistan , has become the epicenter of international terrorism .
The biggest resentment among right-wing voters in European countries is reserved for political elites , who , in the opinion of many , have been governing for too long in cozy coalitions , which appear to exist chiefly to protect vested interests .
A Black and White Question NEW YORK -- In the afternoon of July 16 two men appeared to be breaking into a fine house in an expensive area of Cambridge , Massachusetts .
What made this case special was that Henry Louis `` Skip '' Gates is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for his books , his articles , and numerous television appearances .
From his words it appears that he was equally conscious of not getting the proper respect due to a distinguished Harvard professor and media celebrity .
Yet the rhetoric of idealism has not quite disappeared .
While demonstrations of collective identity have not entirely disappeared , they are largely confined to football stadiums , where celebration -LRB- and disappointment -RRB- can quickly boil over in violence and resentment .
Unlike the movement 's sponsors , the crowds chanting `` USA ! USA ! '' do not appear to be motivated by economic self-interest .
As the warm welcome given to Hillary Clinton on her recent swing through Asia -- even in communist Vietnam -- appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China .
The ultimate aim , it appears , is to make Jerusalem Jewish , by purchase , by invoking historical claims , and , if necessary , by force .
What appears to have driven so many people into the streets is a common sense of economic frustration , disgust with official corruption , and humiliation at being oppressed .
Serious problems appeared to be skirted , deliberately hidden , or played down .
Indeed , Japan 's powerful bureaucrats , normally assumed to know what they are doing , appeared to be as helpless as elected politicians .
In particular , they have been monitoring the body count of senior North Korean officials who have suddenly retired , disappeared , or died in automobile accidents .
In addition , Pak Nam-gi , the senior finance ministry official considered responsible for North Korea 's botched issuance of a new currency last year , has disappeared , and Kim Yong-il , North Korea 's prime minister , was fired on June 7 .
In the meantime , the armed forces appear to remain loyal to Kim , willing to carry out his orders even at the risk of bringing the country to the brink of war , such as by sinking the South Korean naval ship Cheonan in March and warning of `` powerful nuclear deterrence '' against joint South Korean and American military drills .
North Korea 's unpredictability and China 's cynical irresponsibility appear to be boxing in South Korean President Lee Myung-bak 's conservative government .
A great Eurasian bloc suddenly appeared in opposition to America 's hegemonic global pretensions , prefiguring a new fluidity in geopolitical relationships , if not a tectonic shift in alignments .
The rate of return on their portfolio holdings from September 1994 to December 2002 is around 9.5 % per year in real terms , which appears more than reasonable by any account .
Despite the development of democratic institutions in some parts of Africa , coups appear to be once again an option when democracy seems to be failing , political gridlock has taken hold , or impoverished populations are alienated from constitutional authority .
If current reports from Niger are accurate , there appears to be a belief that the military will restore democracy .
Even when the frequent appearance of asset-price bubbles was acknowledged , most believed that efforts to detect and prick them at an early stage would be impossible -- and potentially harmful .
The subplot is inevitably how a Latin American country that once seemed more like Europe developed all the maladies of its Southern neighbors : a state unable to guarantee public health and education ; a growing gap between rich and poor ; the disappearance of the middle class ; and the decline of industrial capacity in favor of producing raw materials .
And the challenge of ensuring adequate surveillance appears insurmountable when one considers that polio can suddenly reappear out of the blue in a so-called wild-type form .
A few key indicators appear to support this .
Seen in this angle , Chavez appears to have real achievements .
Private investors appear to understand this , as such investment in Venezuela grew by a mere 3 % between 2000 and 2004 .
Emigration is at historic highs , and a new rebel force has appeared in the form of an aggressive - and potent - rightwing paramilitary army .
However , at the current rate of progress , it will take hundreds of years to disappear .
The assumed normality of belief in the inevitability of secularization tends to reproduce itself , as well as to appear increasingly irreversible .
The previous regime , including its system of checks and balances and its tradition of political tolerance , did disappear , but its vices -- particularly graft and demagoguery -- became worse than ever .
But , as worrying as this might appear , this actually represents a considerable demographic slowdown : India 's population more than tripled during the past sixty years .
Even the questionable deal Uribe cut with the right-wing paramilitary AUC groups , pardoning up to 30,000 of their members for often horrendous crimes in exchange for their disarmament , appeared successful .
Now it appears that President George W. Bush 's closest ally in the hemisphere will not only have its FTA rejected , owing to human rights concerns in the US House and Senate .
Even the questionable deal Uribe cut with the right-wing paramilitary AUC groups , pardoning up to 30,000 of their members for often horrendous crimes in exchange for their disarmament , appeared successful .
Now it appears that President George W. Bush 's closest ally in the hemisphere will not only have its FTA rejected , owing to human rights concerns in the US House and Senate .
After decades of coups , dictatorships , torture , and disappearances , Latin America today , while not devoid of these plagues , has built a number of firewalls to forestall them .
It appears that during an upcoming visit to Havana , the Mexican foreign minister will not meet with local dissidents , breaking with precedents established since 1993 .
Colombian President Alvaro Uribe 's strategy of `` democratic security '' appears to have paid off , supported by the United States-financed Plan Colombia , as well as by much plain good luck , such as finding thousands of incriminating computer files three months ago in an attack on a FARC camp in Ecuador .
But , having met Chávez personally a dozen times , it appears naïve , at least to me , to attribute great significance or conviction to anything he says -- moderate , hard left , or in between .
The reasons for Calderón 's rejection of the former arrangements now appear less self-evident than before .
Moreover , the capacity of Mexico 's security machinery appears diminished .
In each country where conflict is present or emerging -LRB- Bolivia , Guatemala , El Salvador , Paraguay , and Ecuador -RRB- the hard-left will push hard , the democracies will look the other way , and Obama will either give in -LRB- as at the OAS -RRB- and pay a domestic political price , or step back from Latin America , for fear of appearing isolated .
That it might appear absurd to invite Cuba , which has not had an elected president since the 1950 's , and not Lobo , who was cleanly elected just months ago , did not seem to worry either Mexican host Felipe Calderón or his colleagues .
No one questions the generosity of this mutation , but it is far from clear that the nearly 15 million families receiving Bolsa Familia will maintain their current income level when the stipend disappears , or that it can be sustained indefinitely .
But the left appears to have ignored that democracy and transparency apply to it as much as they do to the right or anyone else .
Scientists long anticipated that an influenza virus will spread - as now appears to be happening in Asia - from wild birds to humans , causing a pandemic .
But our dramatic progress in detecting and treating cancer has also led to growing awareness of the problem of tumor dormancy : a patient appears to be cured , only to have the same cancer return years or even decades later .
So , it is time , he wrote Merkel , to `` make the shadow of World War II disappear . ''
But Indian politicians ' interests appear to lie elsewhere .
Over the years , the authorities picked up Rivero , questioned him , harassed him , and tried to nudge him off the island , where he would presumably disappear into the black hole of Miami 's exile community .
Many of Rivero 's old friends feared that talking to the poet would endanger them , and he appeared lonely .
The disappearance of the Af-Pak political border seems irreversible , undermining Pakistan 's own territorial integrity .
Earlier , in 1995 , China installed its own Panchen Lama after its security services abducted the Tibetans ' six-year-old appointee , who has simply disappeared , along with his family .
China had several possible motives for staging his `` escape , '' including a desire to strengthen his claim to the title at a time when the rival contender -LRB- backed by important interests in India , Bhutan , and Taiwan -RRB- appeared to be gaining ground .
But , with the Soviet Union 's disappearance , the US abandoned that game .
Add to the picture the two wars that the US is waging overseas -- one of which is getting hotter and increasingly appears unwinnable -- and what comes to mind among China 's leaders is the historian Paul Kennedy 's warning about `` imperial overstretch . ''
As a result , new strains are appearing in China 's relationship with the West , and were in full view at last year 's Copenhagen climate-change summit , where China -- the world 's largest polluter with the fastest-growing carbon emissions -- cleverly deflected pressure by hiding behind developing countries .
The ongoing and escalating disappearance of that diversity will harm society in myriad ways .
In some countries , nuclear power has been seen as an answer , but deposits of high-grade nuclear fuel worldwide appear to be limited , and the long-term costs of waste storage and plant decommissioning are high .
In fact , parents often appear to be the harshest taskmasters .
The ruling National Congress Party -LRB- NCP -RRB- appears poised to challenge the result of the referendum .
No matter how inconsistent such attitudes appear to be , they remain widespread and can not be overlooked , because they suggest that people here conceive of NATO as a protective umbrella , not something to which they must contribute .
Romania 's politicians appear to be equally indifferent ; they have wasted the last ten years in endless fights , while our postcommunist neighbors reinvented their societies and made themselves ready for membership in the EU .
Not to help us , of course -- at least not to help the city that contains armies of feral dogs , making it appear at times like a ghost town in a Sergio Leone cowboy movie .
Predatory Competition Policy The recent decision by the European Court of First Instance to uphold the fine and sanctions the European Commission imposed upon Microsoft in 2004 appears to have justified the Commission 's interventionist approach to competition policy .
President Jacques Chirac of France has the support of his people , but he also has an agenda that appears to be concerned as much with French grandeur as with mere popular acclaim .
In Germany in the 1950s , there were many complaints about old Nazis reappearing in a democratic guise and occupying important positions .
In Eastern Europe , the old leaders initially disappeared from the scene , but not for long .
Even post-War Germany 's acclaimed , miracle-working Economics Minister , Ludwig Erhard , was deeply unpopular in the early 1950s , because it appeared as if only a few were getting rich , while most West Germans remained poor or got poorer .
It may merely appear to become real where people of different social classes live together , but this is so because the lines of class themselves have become blurred .
A more relevant example may well be Turkey , where Islamist movements were dissolved by the courts ; when they reappeared in a different guise , they had to undergo severe tests .
Almost every day there are new warnings , with heavily armed policemen in the streets , concrete barriers appearing in front of embassies and public buildings , stricter controls at airports and elsewhere - each a daily reminder of the insecurity that surrounds us .
Moreover , that claim , when made by men who appear to be religious leaders , is almost certainly dishonest .
In parliamentary systems , they can and must appear before the elected representatives of the people and explain what happened .
When they graciously consent to appear , they are treated with deference .
Did Portugal 's Cavaco Silva , the successful Prime Minister of the 1990 's , have to reappear as President in 2006 ?
It appears that there is no way for political leaders to leave the scene gracefully .
Francis Fukuyama 's End of History and Samuel Huntington 's Clash of Civilisations appeared within a mere three years of each other in the 1990 's , and a decade later the return of religion to politics is visible for all to see -- and for many to suffer .
Then there is the tell-tale emergence and disappearance of protest parties like the Dutch groups gathered by the murdered Pim Fortuyn .
And when it became possible to manipulate DNA in vitro , the metaphor of a `` genetic program '' appeared even more precise : scientists could construct experiments that corresponded to the reprogramming of cells merely by working on symbols in silicon .
In Italy , Silvio Berlusconi 's government also appears tainted with right-wing populism and xenophobia .
Many right-wing politicians , however , appear to prefer taking refuge in populism , nationalism and nostalgia .
The London markets have waited 18 long years already for the Bank of England to appear on their screens , and I suspect their wait will continue for some time yet .
When a substantial fraction of market participants are simply buying the index , the market 's role in ensuring good corporate governance also disappears .
But blacks and other minorities in the United States -- and elsewhere in the world -- do not share in these successes , and environmental factors appear to explain the disparity .
One plotter in the attack of September 11 , 2001 , appeared before ordinary courts in Germany .
Huge deficits reappeared .
Now it appears to have abandoned that claim in favor of the message that failure to cut will produce disaster .
In East Asia -LRB- minus Japan -RRB- , governments appear to have been doing rather well .
In North America , governments appear to have muddled through .
Finally , Bernanke claimed that `` the growth fundamentals of the United States do not appear to have been permanently altered by the shocks of the past four years . ''
Pounding a table and shouting does not make unwanted facts disappear .
At the end of the nineteenth century the huge amount of investment and technological progress in America 's railroads appeared to benefit everyone but the stockholders and bondholders of railroad companies , as bust followed boom and ramming worthless securities down the throats of investors became Wall Street 's favorite sport .
A little more than a century and a half ago the United States appeared willing to go to war with the world 's only superpower of the time to try to turn Vancouver , British Columbia , into a city ruled from Washington , D.C. rather than from Ottawa or London .
Yet today , if we look at transatlantic comparisons , Western Europe appears to be doing much better than one would expect if one were to judge from the past decade 's business press .
From this perspective , Western Europe appears to have at least as good a claim to the title of `` Good Society '' as does the US .
Moreover , the economy-wide productivity gap between the US and Western Europe does not appear to be widening very rapidly , if at all .
European unemployment , for example , appears to be half again as high as in the US .
The American political system , at least , appears incapable of setting out the central fiscal policy issues in ways that give voters a chance to make informed judgments and distinguish between candidates-even between candidates whose programs are serious and those whose programs are mathematically impossible jokes .
Those with access to finance appear to be capable of resisting the urge to locate production in poor low-wage parts of the world -LRB- China aside -RRB- .
Ceci Rouse and Orley Ashenfelter of Princeton University report that they find no signs that those who receive little education do so because education does not pay off for them : if anything , the returns to an extra year of schooling appear greater for those who get little education than for those who get a lot .
While markets have judged today 's world -- especially the dollar and securities linked to it -- to have low risk when viewed in historical perspective , geopolitical risks in fact appear to be large .
We economists have a hard time figuring out why there appears to be so much static on the communications line .
What are needed are intermediary organizations that will grant a measure of control to foreigners , allow diversification across a wider range of US-located assets , and yet still appear 100 % American to US politicians .
India appeared mired in stagnation .
Of course , there may well be turbulence : when US wage levels appear low because of a weak dollar , it is hard to export to America , and other countries must rely on other sources of demand to maintain full employment .
Moreover , the European Central Bank appears helpless because it is bound by the self-imposed fetters of its inflation target .
After all , other arrangements for allocating labor appear to involve more domination and alienation than the labor market , which offers people opportunities , not constraints .
He appears to be proposing further tax cuts that promise to cost the United States Treasury some $ 300 billion a year , to `` offset '' them with cuts in earmarked spending accounted for at $ 3 billion a year , and somehow to balance the budget .
In a poorer America , fewer businesses would find it worthwhile to entice secondary workers from families into the labor force , and perhaps 500,000 net jobs would disappear .
Instead , the keys to growth and development appeared to lie beyond an increase in capital intensity as measured by capital-output ratios : skills , education , technology broadly understood , and improvements in organizational management .
But the people in New York and London who set interest rates know little about Brazil . They know that Ipanema is a beach , that the Amazon is a river , that ex-US Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill worried that money loaned to Brazil would re-appear in numbered European bank accounts , and that Lula is a president without administrative experience who heads a party with `` workers '' in its name .
But now it appears that , despite all this , we still have not had enough central planning in finance .
The appearance of an extra $ 500 billion in demand for risky assets will reduce the quantity of risky assets that other private investors will have to hold .
And the sudden appearance of between five and ten different government-sponsored funds that make public bids for assets will convey information to the markets about what models other people are using to try to value assets in this environment .
The problem is that the Geithner Plan appears to me to be too small -- between one-eight and one-half of what it needs to be .
The administration 's tacticians appear to think that they are not on board -- especially after the recent AIG bonus scandal -- whereas the Geithner Plan relies on authority that the administration already has .
Our invested wealth can only be made to appear liquid to any one of us , and only if there is no general shift in our collective desire for liquidity .
By reappointing a Fed chair chosen by someone else , a president can appear to guarantee financial markets that the Fed is not too much under his thumb .
Likewise , Casey Mulligan of the University of Chicago really does appear to believe that large falls in the employment-to-population ratio are best seen as `` great vacations '' -- and as the side-effect of destructive government policies like those in place today , which lead workers to quit their jobs so they can get higher government subsidies to refinance their mortgages .
? Recapitalization of banks that appeared very vulnerable ;
While all leaders -- including North Korea 's Kim Jong Il -- remain committed to denuclearization in public , none appears ready to risk much in terms of domestic politics to achieve that end .
Debt and inflation will reappear as medium-term problems , so it is critical that the fiscal ammunition used helps long-term productivity , growth , and sustainability .
Anti-realism remains popular and appears in various guises in textbooks and popular accounts of quantum theory .
Fortunately , Rajapaksa listened more to his war-ravaged citizens than to outsiders , and today what seemed impossible -- military victory over the Tigers , the oldest , largest , and wealthiest guerrilla army in South Asia -- appears at hand .
Sri Lanka 's economy must open up -- not an easy thing to achieve at a time when liberal economic reforms appear to be in disrepute .
We appear to live in a time that has witnessed the absolute failure of the grand Enlightenment dreams of linear progress , universal peace , and equality between rich and poor .
Rejoice that justice is served appears to be the mantra .
On the witness stand these Albanians often appeared to Serbs as foolish or disingenuous or both .
He also appears shrewd and tough .
If Djindjic is blamed for a lack of scruples , Kostunica appears as an anachronistic and rather conservative nationalist -LRB- though no one accuses him of extremism -RRB- .
The fact that a former president of Serbia , Ivan Stambolic , could disappear without a trace in 1999 is grim testimony to the power of Serbia 's criminal underworld .
First , it can be inflated away - a currency collapse fed by money creation until the debt disappears in a whirl of inflation .
If it were not for its role as protector of Mecca and Medina , the House of Saud would appear as little more than a royal family with 5000 princes , many of whom appear to spend their lives whoring and boozing .
Political parties appear far removed from citizen demands , beset by internal divisions , incapable of addressing deep-rooted inequality and lawlessness , and prone to populist or authoritarian leadership that promises quick fixes to entrenched problems .
If increased reproduction is the ultimate end all and be all of evolution by natural selection , then altruists should disappear -- and fast .
But they do n't disappear , and Darwin was so puzzled by this that he spoke of altruism as a problem that could prove fatal to his whole theory of evolution .
It is easy to believe something when someone who appears knowledgeable asserts it .
To be sure , a lot will depend on the availability of convenient charging stations , but they are starting to appear .
If all goes well , a host of electric car-engine and retrofit kit makers will appear , serving different markets of existing car owners .
Uribe , a former Liberal , appears on the verge of forging a new consensus -- embodied in his First Colombia movement , a bloc of six Uribista parties -- that embraces the sort of modernizing economics and liberal democratic politics that has characterized much of the West for the past 25 years .
Uribe has even managed , despite being a US ally , to get the support of Cuba 's Fidel Castro , who appears to have abandoned his support for armed revolutionary struggle in Latin America , instead viewing success at the ballot box -- the PAD in Colombia , Hugo Chávez in Venezuela , and Evo Morales in Bolivia -- as the way forward .
These initiatives will give the signal to Latin American leaders that , despite appearances to the contrary -- including the latest Summit of the Americas -- the region has not been completely neglected by President Bush and the US .
Colombia recently bucked this trend , and it now appears that the leftist candidate in Mexico 's presidential election , Andrés Manuel López Obrador , was narrowly defeated .
In judging candidates for high office , we are encouraged to eschew `` personality politics , '' and to disregard such aspects of politicians ' identities as their spiritual lives , their private behavior -LRB- unless obvious transgressions are committed -RRB- , and their appearance and aesthetic tastes .
This would appear to nullify the very purpose of the arrangement , which is to free Asia from the IMF .
In other words , Russia is being allowed to re-assert its `` sphere of influence '' -- a concept that should have been superceded by that of `` Europe Whole and Free , '' which the entire European Union appeared to have embraced when communism collapsed .
Moldova appears set to cave in to Russia 's pressure , partly to attract desperately needed inward investment at a time when little aid has come from the West , particularly the EU .
Soon , it may appear even more isolated to Russians , as Poland and Lithuania enforce the EU 's Schengen border rules .
When Europe 's division ended , an opportunity to recreate the Baltic 's traditional free movements of people , ideas and merchandise - all of which once contributed mightily to regional prosperity - suddenly appeared .
What we should have seen in The Hague was not only the resignation of a Dutch government - but more importantly the appearance of General Ratko Mladic and his accomplices to face the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia .
They were picked up from the mass graves that appeared around Srebrenica .
Western Europe 's long-held position as the world 's most important concentration of military power after the United States and Russia appears to be over .
The defense treaties concluded recently by France and the United Kingdom appear to be a good example of what can be obtained through greater cooperation and integration -- even though it is a strictly bilateral affair with no direct links to either NATO or the European Union .
Until political leaders reject the rhetoric of evil as a justification for war , war itself is unlikely to disappear .
Blade technologies then disappeared and reappeared cyclically in these areas , and in some regions , such as Australia , they only appeared a few thousand years ago .
Similarly , standardized tools produced by both Neanderthals and Moderns appeared 80,000 years ago .
To be sure , sophisticated bone tools , such as harpoons , spear points , and awls , seem to have appeared in Africa 90,000 years ago , much earlier than in the rest of the world .
Depictions of animals , human beings , and other natural features do not occur in the three records - Africa , Europe , and the Near East - before 40,000-30 ,000 years ago , and they appear much later in some areas than others .
In sum , certain behavioral innovations seem to appear in Africa between 10,000 and 30,000 years before Neanderthals express them .
`` Modern '' behavior may have appeared in different regions and among different groups of humans , much as would happen later in history with the inventions of agriculture , writing , and transport .
The past was , of course , far from perfect , but governments and peoples everywhere appeared more capable of tolerating failure .
But all signs of conflict within Russia 's supreme leadership of two -- Putin and Medvedev -- have disappeared .
But it has not appeared yet , and it may be adequately contained if it does .
But this round of China-bashing appears stranger than the last one .
But , after the World Bank revised China 's GDP in PPP terms downward by 40 % , that undervaluation disappeared .
Thus , although China 's total money supply seems excessive , with the M2-to-GDP ratio now at about 190 % , the real monetary base is actually much smaller than it appears .
Meanwhile , the causes of global imbalance on the US side also seem unlikely to disappear any time soon .
It appears to be a statement of the obvious : unacceptable disasters require extraordinary counter-measures .
Disasters lurking in the distance are legion : asteroids and comets ; world-wide pandemics and plagues ; nuclear and non-nuclear wars ; droughts , famines , and floods ; volcanic eruptions , earthquakes , and tsunamis ; human over-population and extinction of non-humans ; rising temperatures and sea-levels ; falling temperatures and spreading ice ages ; exhaustion of clean air and water ; disappearance of forests , farms , and fish .
And it is not likely to disappear soon , though food prices are moderating for the moment .
Scientific evidence appears to indicate that the accumulation of CO2 in the atmosphere from the burning of fossil fuels -LRB- primarily coal , oil , and natural gas -RRB- -- mainly in electricity production , transportation , and various industrial processes -- contributes to gradual global warming , with long-term adverse effects on living conditions around the world .
The previous temporary tax cuts in 2008 and 2009 appear to have gone largely into saving and debt reduction rather than increased spending .
None of this appears to augur well for 2011 .
The low interest rate helped by making the dollar more competitive , but otherwise monetary policy appears to have lost traction because of the condition of the housing sector and the dysfunctional state of the credit markets .
CAMBRIDGE -- The United States appears trapped in a dangerous economic stalemate . The refusal by both Republicans and Democrats to give ground on the budget is preventing the government from dealing with its massive fiscal deficit and rapidly rising national debt .
Instead , consolidation of authoritarian regimes appears to be the prevailing trend .
At that time , it appeared that a similar breakthrough in western Sudan would follow .
Years of bad news appear to have passed the Germans by without a trace .
Indeed , China appears to suggest that selective modernization is possible -LRB- modernization à la carte , so to speak -RRB- , allowing states to choose to implement only those elements of modernity -- technology , economics , infrastructure , political institutions , and values -- that they like .
The conflict , and thus the danger of a military confrontation , will not disappear under a new US administration .
If this economic bond disappears , national interests will reassert themselves and rip the project apart .
Secretly , the hope in Berlin , Paris , and other European capitals appears to be that Obama will still sort things out .
After the disappearance of the Soviet Union and the bipolar world order , victorious Western capitalism , under the leadership of the only world power , the United States , reigned supreme in global politics , and even more so in the global economy .
This may seem impossible from today 's perspective , but appearances can deceive .
The Soviet Union and its empire quietly disappeared , and with them the Cold War international order .
Since the global crisis erupted in the fall of 2008 , both Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy have been faced with threats that their political majorities might disappear if they put aside their national interests in favor of a European compromise .
Today , after the world financial and economic crisis -LRB- and in contrast to 2001 -RRB- , the US appears to be crucially weakened .
As a result , while Merkel may appear to be in charge of things in the EU these days , in reality she is no longer driving events , but rather being driven by them .
In Eastern Europe , with the withdrawal and eventual disappearance of the Soviet hegemon , the floodgates were opened , and a torrent of change washed over the region .
States can go bust just like companies , but , unlike companies , they do n't disappear when that happens .
It is almost tempting to think that America 's great Cold War opponent , the Soviet Union , with its sudden disappearance 15 years ago this month , left its own Trojan horse for America -- the poisoned gift of unilateralism .
Unfortunately , the positive outcome appears to be the less likely one .
This concept now appears in the toolbox of every economist , is taught in all classes on growth , and serves as a reference in all works on the macro economy .
Although member states appear to have resigned themselves to this , they fervently resist other European firms taking control of their `` national champion '' companies .
His agenda appears to aim at domestic liberalization -- moving beyond the 35-hour week , ending the special pension regimes accorded to particular professions , increasing incentives to work and gain wealth . But it also seeks protection from the dizzying effects of globalization , which probably will mean strong support for the EU 's Common Agricultural Policy , skepticism toward further trade liberalization and the will to improve European Union 's economic government .
GENEVA -- Europe 's slow-motion sovereign-debt crisis may appear unique , but it is not .
Why does treason appear to be dying in some countries and coming alive in others ?
Matthew then attributes to the Jews a recurrent lie explaining away the resurrection and disappearance of Jesus 's body : `` His disciples came at night and stole Him away while we slept . ''
Lawyers must seek this distinction , for if we surrender to the rhetorical claims of statesmen and paranoids , the line between aggression and self-defense will disappear .
Sometimes the victims are military and the perpetrators are states , sometimes the cause appears to be just , and sometimes one person with enough weapons but no organization might wreak terror .
As Justice Stevens wrote , `` The crime of ` conspiracy ' ... does not appear in either the Geneva Conventions or the Hague Conventions -- the major treaties on the law of war . ''
At the same time , the expected benefits of having SWFs as shareholders -- that is , of having a long , stable investor -- might simply be a mirage , which disappears precisely when that stability is most needed : during a global financial crisis .
Turing appears here as a caricature of the mathematical physicist .
Do n't judge the outcome of the Seoul G-20 meeting by what appears in the media .
But the 2009 meeting appears far better in hindsight .
Designated nominators rarely provided committees with a clear consensus , and the committees often ignored the rare mandates when a single strongly nominated candidate did appear , such as Albert Einstein for his work on relativity theory .
The first symptoms typically appear in a person 's mid-twenties , and many people never fully recover .
This is not as startling as it may at first appear .
As different as they might appear , they attempt to generate exact predictions of human behavior , whether `` rational '' or `` irrational . ''
Long before you have a liberal democracy , you have to have a functioning state -LRB- something that never disappeared in Germany or Japan after they were defeated in World War II -RRB- .
While commentators have charged that Britain capitulated to Iran and handed them a humiliating victory in obtaining the release of the 15 British Marines last week , it would appear that something more like the opposite is actually the case .
So it would appear that it was the Iranians who blinked first , before the incident could spiral into a genuine 1979-style hostage crisis .
With the establishment of each new on-line degree program and science park , universities appear more vulnerable to this mindset .
Anyone can change any entry or add a new entry , and the results will immediately appear for all to see -- and potentially contest .
As a result of the disappearance of these checks and balances , the quality of the government 's decisions has fallen sharply .
And , having run negative real interest rates , printed money , plowed in liquidity , and subsidized commercial banks , central bankers everywhere -- most recently US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke -- appear to have concluded that they , too , have reached the limit of what they can do .
Latin America 's Era of Milk and Honey Whenever signs of change appear in Latin America 's economies , people ask if the change will be transitory or permanent .
Communal values and bonds evolve from a long accumulation of experience , with mythological and historical understandings that give this experience the appearance of having evolved organically .
That debate must continue , even if the French and Dutch referenda appear to have killed the Constitutional Treaty .
But a third scenario -- less predictable change following a victory by Enríquez-Ominami -- should not be ruled out , as campaign advertisements will appear in the media only starting November 13 .
To be sure , the causal connection remains uncertain : after all , there is also a positive relationship -- widely accepted in development economics -- between manufacturing growth and overall growth . But what has been overlooked is that the effect of services growth on aggregate economic growth appears to be as strong , if not stronger , than the effect of manufacturing growth on overall growth .
In the case of Brazil , the answer appears ambiguous , at least at first glance .
As the number of post-intervention reviews increases , a rudimentary framework for evaluating the impact of NGOs has appeared .
But a breakthrough appears close .
Although the threatened indictment of al-Bashir has prompted protest in Khartoum , no one expects him to appear in court soon .
The telephone dial did n't appear until 1919 , when the first group of self-designated `` user interface scientists '' at Western Electric considered what the most intuitive form should be .
Or it could indicate the reliability of data based on whether it was laid out neatly or had a scrambled appearance , so it could be assessed at a glance .
Initial warning signs of a pandemic are most likely to appear in the developing world , but detection nodes should be positioned in every country , with the least possible expense .
The Disappearing Sky
The Disappearing Sky Some months ago , an American astronaut accidentally let a tool escape into orbit , eliciting concern about its hazardous potential as a hurtling object that could destroy an expensive satellite or even threaten lives aloft .
That is something to think about as this decade draws to a close -- and as the chance for humanity to take another momentous leap forward appears to be slipping away .
This threat evidently motivated Medvedev to speak out in November : `` It is no secret , '' Medvedev wrote in his blog , `` that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared . ''
This pitiful performance incites angry cries that American jobs are disappearing abroad , and that low-cost exports may result in deflation .
For most of the postwar era , governments appeared to have learned the lesson of that time .
As a result , Putin 's Russia appears headed for the Latin American model of self-inflicted stagflation .
Indeed , multilateral trade agreements were being eclipsed by bilateral deals , such as between the EU and various developing countries , long before the divisions over Iraq appeared .
Much now depends on whether the same is true of the other major outcome , which is that Yukos 's principal asset -- Yuganskneftegaz -- is now in state hands , while its remaining units appear doomed to nationalization .
Doubts about the Irish government 's solvency would then disappear quickly , and its guarantee of bank deposits would no longer look so shaky .
We have not yet properly mourned , nor reflected upon , our nation 's systematic fall into poverty ; nor the disappearance of former President Carlos Saúl Menem 's mirage of a First World Argentina ; nor our institutions ' loss of legitimacy ; nor our corruption and our violence .
These brave women constituted the only opposition that dared to confront the savage military junta in the late 1970 's , demanding to know the fate of their `` disappeared '' children .
Indeed , the way problems are proliferating appears almost uncontrollable .
Terrorism and Counter-Terrorism Reconsidered The arrests in London of 21 terrorists who appear to have planned to blow up a number of airplanes over the Atlantic reminds us , if any reminder is needed , of the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of September 11 , 2001 .
The pleasure appears to be derived from the suffering the United States is enduring after four years of efforts to stabilize Iraq .
Although Iraq still matters a lot to Americans , its importance for determining how they vote has receded , partly because US casualties there are markedly down as the security situation appears to be gradually improving .
Here , Barack Obama appears more willing to have the US launch unilateral military raids against terrorists should the opportunity arise .
McCain appears to embrace the view that such meetings are something of a reward , to be offered when preconditions are met -LRB- Iran comes to mind -RRB- and withdrawn when certain lines are crossed , as Russia was judged to have done this August in Georgia .
Two million jobs disappeared in the last four months alone . The housing market continues to deteriorate . America 's GDP is contracting at an almost unprecedented rate .
President Barack Obama appears to agree with this realist approach .
What little chance there was of the US backing any global plan to limit or tax carbon emissions has disappeared .
With preparations for the party 's November congress in full swing , a conflict that goes back to the party 's founding is reappearing . On one side is a social-democratic vision , which basically favors the market economy but seeks to alleviate its harsher effects ; on the other side stands a radical vision that extols a revolutionary `` break with capitalism . ''
With the disappearance of the communist world and the failure of its collectivist policies , one would think that this debate had been resolved in favor of the reformist vision .
But someone appears to have defused the bomb .
The government 's rescue policies appear to be working .
His appearance will come a week after Hans Blix and Mohammed al-Baradei -- the chiefs of the UN inspectors -- demonstrated their inability to fulfill their mandate .
Over the past ten years of economic transformation , unimaginable wealth has unaccountably disappeared from banks and companies ; billions in taxes go unpaid .
But it appears as if Russia has failed to understand or , in fact , to genuinely take notice of any of this .
Russia seems to be compensating for a lack of self-confidence and uncertainty about its identity -- and thus also about its boundaries -- with imperialist rhetoric and nationalist bombast , which we know well from people like Vladimir Zhirinovsky , but which appears in a more cultured form on a much wider scale .
Unfortunately , the way of thinking that supported Communist dictatorships has not disappeared entirely .
The fall of Communism was an opportunity to create more effective global political institutions based on democratic principles - institutions that could stop what appears to be , in its current form , the self-destructive tendency of our industrial world .
Time and again , Europe paid a high price for policies of compromises with evil that were dictated by economic interests or the illusion that evil can be appeased and will disappear of its own accord .
The disappearance of Vasyl Klymentyev , the editor-in-chief of Novyi Styl , a newspaper which focuses heavily on corruption in the Kharkiv region , has never been fully investigated .
With two ongoing domestic rebellions , a large population , and the rapid disappearance of oil and water resources , Yemen is quickly emerging as a Western policymaker 's nightmare .
Nonetheless , today 's Saudi princes appear to recognize that something has genuinely changed in the Middle East : The younger generation of Arabs is no longer prepared to accept unaccountable , corrupt , and brutal governments .
We have shown that PARP inhibitors are effective at killing BRCA2-defective breast cancer cells , and that the tumors they cause can fully regress and disappear following treatment with a PARP inhibitor .
Few would argue that the Moon is more wondrous and enchanting than when it is near the horizon , appearing closer and looming larger than when it is high in the sky .
Alhazen -LRB- Ibn al-Haytham -RRB- related the illusion to the flattened appearance of the dome of the sky .
Some theorists include in this formulation the perceived distance of the moon -LRB- how far it appears to be from an observer -RRB- .
But it is this relationship that makes the Moon Illusion such a puzzle , because applying the SDIH requires that the moon appear farther away if it appears large , and close if it appears small .
Our visual system automatically transforms such changing stimulus inputs into objects that appear to be rigid - i.e. , unchanging in perceived size - but moving radially in three-dimensional space .
The perceived distance of the moon would be determined by contextual stimulus information from the ground and the horizon - when the moon is low , it would appear close -LRB- that is , at or near the apparent distance of the horizon -RRB- and when the moon is high in the sky , it would appear to be at a far greater distance .
Accordingly , when the object appears to be at different distances , the perceived size of the object must change .
This makes the moon that appears closer -LRB- i.e. , the moon at the horizon -RRB- also appear larger than the moon that appears farther away .
According to the American scientist who was invited to see it , the facility , in contrast to the regime 's aging plutonium technology , appeared to be state-of-the-art , thus reinforcing the suspicion that North Korea has no genuine interest whatsoever in fulfilling its nuclear-disarmament responsibilities .
So far , most patients appear to experience significant improvements from TMS directed to both brain regions , with improvements lasting from two months to over a year .
Recall the extreme isolation that preceded the appearance of Rilke 's startling voice .
Here the voices disappear when the emotional states return to normal .
During that period , Karadzic spread a completely false rumor that Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and I had made a deal that , with Karadzic 's disappearance from public view , NATO would not seek his arrest .
Important members of the administration apparently believe that Saddam Hussein was behind the 1993 attempt to knock down the World Trade Center , and that he carefully covered his tracks , making it appear that the attack was directed by Arab militants secluded in the wilds of Afghanistan .
The Rise of the Beijing Consensus BRUSSELS -- President Barack Obama 's first appearances outside North America -- in London , Strasbourg , Prague , and Istanbul -- galvanized world attention .
For the moment , the efforts of some Pakistani bomb-makers to peddle nuclear secrets appear to have been stymied .
Hundreds of millions of dollars in relief funds received from abroad mysteriously disappeared .
But , beyond pumping in dollars and supporting Musharraf and his military , the US appears clueless in dealing with Pakistan and its problems of social development .
This is so even if the symptoms disappear as soon as the child recovers , the spouses reconcile , or a new job is found .
Others are motivated by a desire to set up a rival power center , however unrealistic this appears to be .
The televised tragedy , and the shortcomings that can be observed close up , can and must be stopped , lest -- as often happens with Congo -- the crisis disappears from the front pages , while the killing continues unseen .
Another consideration essential to fighting a proxy war is to prevent the proxy from appearing the stooge of the principal agent .
The legitimacy of the proxies to their own people -- the Afghanis -- depends on their appearing to be independent of the Americans .
Although the precise nature of the disease 's transmission remains uncertain , a key event in these disorders is the conversion of the prion protein 's normal cells to an abnormal form that appears to be the major -LRB- if not the sole -RRB- component of the infection .
For many people , the introduction of the euro meant not only that currency risk -- i.e. , the risk of devaluation -- had disappeared , but also that all euro-zone members now belonged to an economic area of monetary stability and , thanks to the discipline of the Stability and Growth Pact , of fiscal stability .
If so , these elections appear to foreshadow ominous times ahead .
The impact of this American misstep has already been felt , emboldening Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on his provocative visit to Lebanon , which included a public appearance on Hezbollah-controlled territory near Israel 's northern border .
The Bush administration insisted that Iraq achieve various `` milestones '' -- elections for which the country was not ready and completing a constitution in six weeks , to name two -- simply to create the appearance of substantive achievements ahead of the 2004 presidential election or the 2006 mid-term elections .
In one respect , then , the dispute appears set to follow a path similar to the US-Japan case .
So the spread and strengthening of Chávez 's so-called Bolivarian Revolution was not in Brazil 's interests , even though some of President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva 's officials appear to be fans of Chávez and his administration .
If Obama wants to encourage moderate and democratic politics in South America , and to bolster Brazil 's efforts to foster stability and economic progress against the region 's radical and undemocratic forces , it must take greater care in not appearing to undermine those the US claims to support .
In September , the ousted president of Honduras , Manuel Zelaya , reappeared in the country inside the Brazilian embassy in Tegucigalpa after three months of exile .
And , without such a future , the economic despair that gave rise to the revolution in Tunis is unlikely to disappear .
For much of the post-1945 period , these divisions disappeared as right and left fought battles for redistribution within national economies .
Between 1995 and 1997 , Explorer almost completely eradicated Navigator , although Navigator had initially opened up the World Wide Web for most users and its dominance appeared unassailable .
Its cultural manifestations also appeared to be novel .
After financial implosions , such as the collapse of the dot-com bubble in 2000 or the sub-prime meltdown of 2007-8 , such views appear arrogant .
The Great Depression ended this imitative surge in which the universal bank appeared to triumph .
They appeared arrogant and overpaid , and were easily demonized .
The non-mathematical appear to have their revenge , as the perils of over-reliance on complex symbolic notation and arcane formulae are relentlessly exposed .
Its cultural manifestations also appeared to be novel .
But that stability is now disappearing fast -- along with the fundamental consensus on which it rested .
Such rescues , in short , appear to help big companies with bad managers .
The interwar Depression led to the disintegration of liberal economic and political values . In Germany in 2009 not only was there was no swing to political extremism of the right : there was no sign of any support for a radical right . In the elections for regional parliaments , the small radical right parties -LRB- which have never been a feature of national politics -RRB- simply disappeared .
As a result , central banks ran the risk of no longer appearing to follow a clearly formulated policy guideline .
The credibility associated with a simple rule disappeared .
Consumption or , more precisely , consumerism , appeared to be globalized .
Between these deficits , large surpluses for Germany and Japan reappeared -- as they have in the 2000 's .
The centrist Liberal Democrats appeared to hold the balance of power , and stories circulated of how Heath was prepared to concede a reformed voting system .
There appears to be an overwhelming likelihood that the 1974 stalemate will be repeated in the upcoming general election on May 6 .
This made them appear a source of greater currency stability than the the US and Britain .
As a result , fiscal consolidation appeared to be the only way to restore confidence .
In the late summer of 1931 , the dollar , alongside the French franc , appeared to be the strongest currency in the international system .
Lying or hiding the truth in some circumstances can , it appears , make people better off .
They anticipate revenue in order to appear creditworthy .
As in the 1970 's , there are more links than may at first appear between the apparently new problems of 2010-2011 .
Indeed , the Fund almost disappeared into complete oblivion during their tenure .
But when the IMF reemerged after 2008 as a central global institution , with DSK appearing to reorient it with substantial political and economic skill , he started to look again like a threat to Sarkozy 's re-election bid .
At least in the case of the Murdoch empire , it now appears that they pursue long and binding relationships with politicians and the police as well .
When he appeared before the British parliament in July , Rupert Murdoch looked like an old man , remote and out of control .
Then they awaken to the reality that not much has really changed , and that in a few weeks or months the problems will reappear in a seemingly even more intractable form .
The massive widening of the EMS bands to 15 % on either side of a central parity initially made a single currency appear more remote .
If the objectives were met -- fiscal stabilization and renewed growth -- the discount would disappear .
Its strong point is that it aims to be there in the future , while a company with a more flexible ownership structure may more easily disappear .
All policy options for Asia 's central banks appear equally unattractive .
Thanks to German manufacturers , pianos were no longer restricted to aristocratic salons or the professional middle class , but began appearing in respectable working-class homes .
But there is some good news : HIV infection rates are slowing in large parts of Asia and Latin America , which appears to reflect a -LRB- very uneven -RRB- increase in prevention programs .
How do Schneider and Sagan reconcile the contradiction between what appears true of life - that it organizes matter into increasingly complex creatures and structures - and the notion that disorder should increase and order should be lost ?
Experience from previous tsunamis and other major floods suggests that the environmental damage they inflict is linked to saltwater intrusion in ground water and to the disappearance or relocation of beaches .
Human rights and freedom can be made to disappear not only from Web sites , but also from reality .
Given the vulnerability of so many eurozone countries , it appears that Merkel does not understand the immediate implications of her plan .
As Thomas Philippon and Ariell Reshef have suggested , this group 's sharp increase in earning power appears more related to deregulation of finance -LRB- and perhaps other sectors -RRB- .
Countries that ran significant current-account surpluses , built up large reserves , and fixed -LRB- or heavily managed -RRB- their exchange rates in order to support the first two objectives appeared to secure external stability .
Ordinarily , you might expect House Republicans to blink at this stage of the negotiations , but there is a hardline minority that actually appears to think that defaulting on government debt would not be a bad thing .
Private credit , moreover , would disappear from the US economic system , confronting the Federal Reserve with an unpleasant choice .
His concerns appear to have been vindicated by the 20-minute shutdown of trading in New York on May 6 , when the stock market completely failed in its most basic function : price discovery between buyers and sellers .
As Senator Mark Warner graciously acknowledged , `` The Senator from Delaware sounded an early warning signal that the massive amounts of investments that had been made by certain firms to try to get what appears to be a fractional millisecond advantage in the trading process might come back and haunt us all ... I 've been proud to follow his lead . ''
They showed that McNamara had sent the manuscript to the American Ambassador in South Vietnam , Ellsworth Bunker , who requested a certain Bob Kelly to write an overall report , with a view to discrediting my reporting , and arranged to get The Atlantic magazine -LRB- where Bunker mistakenly thought my article was scheduled to appear -RRB- to `` withhold publication . ''
But that theory meshed with suspicious ease with the perceived domestic political need for the president to appear `` tough '' -- to avoid appearing `` less of a hawk than your more respectable opponents , '' as Bundy later put it .
NEW DELHI -- The lull in headline-grabbing terror attacks appears to be over .
Pakistan , after joining the US , as an `` ally '' in the war on terror now appears to be paying a high price domestically for becoming a `` rented state . ''
China appears to have taken the message to heart , as it voted in favor of sanctions on Iran for the first time .
Given the complexity of institutional reform , striving for what appears to be optimal might not always be the best approach .
If the EU and the US want democratic India to act according to its stated moral values and not its vital national interests when these appear to conflict , they had better be prepared to do the same .
Every Japanese citizen may have his or her own opinion , but a clear majority appear to agree that Japan must become a prominent nation in promoting international and regional security , as well as economic growth .
Throughout the Cold War , Japan 's national security policy appeared to waver between `` UN-first-ism '' and an `` Alliance-first '' principle .
China 's former President Jiang Zemin systematically and relentlessly pursued a `` Resistance and Victory-over-Japan Campaign '' throughout the 1990 's - a sinister device used to divert popular grievances and to legitimize continuing Communist rule by making the Party appear to be the defender of Chinese honor .
Ironically , China 's current maritime strategy has its roots in the US , the nation that China appears to perceive as its key strategic rival , namely in the `` sea power '' theory developed by Admiral Alfred Thayer Mahan at the end of the nineteenth century .
The economic data are almost uniformly bleak and will not improve soon , and , while national security issues appear less pressing because of the financial crisis , they have hardly disappeared , given the tenuous situation in Afghanistan and Pakistan and the unresolved problems in Iraq , Iran , and North Korea .
We appeared stronger in the diplomatic arena than our economic and military power might warrant . Not anymore .
In the Far East , paying for past broken promises appears to have forced Russia to accept China 's terms for resolving a border dispute .
Events in Belarus and Ukraine have made the Euro-Asian Economic Community project appear increasingly unrealistic .
Indeed , anti-American coalitions have appeared not only in the Middle East but also in Latin America , while some Western politicians have apparently sought to aggravate relationships with Russia and China in order to restore transatlantic solidarity and further weaken Europe .
These rising powers raise problems regarding Russia 's geo-strategic choices . For the first time in decades , the values gap between Russia and the EU appears to be increasing .
Given the centrality of orthodox stalwarts like Larry Summers and Timothy Geithner in the Obama administration , the prospect of serious reform appears dim .
An iPod 's elegantly simple appearance masks underlying technology that is understood by only a tiny percentage of its users .
Iran 's Political Clerics Iran 's theocratic regime appears more confident than ever .
Thus , external forces do not appear to pose much of a threat .
Though Ahmadinejad received the Supreme Leader 's support in the face of large-scale protests against his re-election last year , Khamenei does not appear hesitant about limiting the president 's power .
In fact , it appears that the massive demonstrations against Ahmadinejad delayed their confrontation , since both the Supreme Leader and the president rallied publicly to defend the legitimacy of the election .
When news about the assassination plot first appeared , the Supreme Leader , Ali Khamenei , was on his way to the western province of Kermanshah .
The connection between Nigerian cashew farmers and Devi Shetty 's pediatric cardiac surgery is that they both represent decentralized private activity , undertaken through the market , unlike the operations of the China National Petroleum Corporation , Sinopec , and others in Darfur and elsewhere . They all add value , but decentralized market-based activity appears likelier to engender additional goodwill .
Whatever anthem , old or new or none at all , under which these things appear will be deemed suitable , and maybe even be sung .
But the rest of the world paid no attention to the vague pronouncements of a possible launch that had been appearing in the Soviet press ; everybody outside the Soviet Union knew the United States would launch the world 's first satellite .
Georgia 's latest crisis appears to mark the end of the Gorbachev generation of reform communists , which included not only the former Soviet leader , but also Shevardnadze and the former Russian president Boris Yeltsin .
Both Zhvania and Saakashvili offer plausible alternatives to his rule , and appear far more capable of building a functioning democracy and market economy in Georgia .
For within Russia , President Putin does appear to be an isolated island , at least among the Russian elite who have singularly failed to embrace his decision to anchor Russia firmly to the West .
Russian leaders typically dealt with their fear of isolation -- and encirclement -- by going out of their way to appear threatening .
Previously spurned by America in its attempts to use its longstanding contacts in Asia , this assistance appears to have convinced America that Russia can be of real help in its diplomacy with North Korea .
The army does not appear to be reliably under civilian control , and the brutal war in Chechnya festers .
This bizarre brew appears to have been concocted in an effort to reconcile the irreconcilable : the current yearning for democracy with Russia 's despotic past .
This time it appears that Yanukovich is prepared to do anything to remain in power .
Angela Merkel , Nicolas Sarkozy , and Gordon Brown appear to have a clearer appreciation of the Union 's security problems to its east , and so may find the will to act decisively now , rather than dither as their predecessors did when Ukraine moved into crisis in 2004 .
Despite that similarity , the reasoning behind these choices appears to be somewhat different .
On one hand , he appears to be an educated and dynamic leader committed to modernizing Russia .
Moreover , he appears to believe that confrontations between the state and civil society are counterproductive .
Athletic imagery -- used to brilliant effect in Leni Riefenstahl 's acclaimed documentary -- appeared to create a link between the Nazis and the ancient Greeks , and to confirm the Nazi myth that Germans and German civilization were the true heirs to the `` Aryan '' culture of classical antiquity .
The Bush administration 's incoherent foreign policy included a plan to build a missile defense shield in Poland and the Czech Republic , which allowed Putin to revive the Old Europe\/New Europe divisions that began with the Iraq war , with this split appearing to enhance Russian influence on the continent .
Here the cheerful façade is composed of Russia 's miniature president , Dmitri Medvedev , whose job -- like that of the American First Lady -- is to keep up appearances .
And the appearance that needs the most maintenance is that of a modern and civilized Russia .
Because the world associates these traits with the Soviet era , many people mistake their reappearance as a sign that Russian power is now approaching that of the USSR .
So , in this scenario , unmasking Luzhkov as corrupt and incompetent , and using him as a scapegoat for Russia 's systemic inefficiency , is intended as a way for Medvedev to sway public opinion behind him and make Putin appear out of touch .
But the only technique that Putin appeared to have absorbed from his earlier career as a spy in East Germany was that of social control .
It means sticking to principles , but also attempting to understand the other side , however irrational or intransigent it may sometimes appear .
The UN itself appears too divided to make the vital difference .
Having engaged Turkey in the accession process , the EU appears to have abandoned Turkey , failing to live up to its decades-old commitment -- made by Charles de Gaulle and Konrad Adenauer -- to negotiate Turkish membership in the Union in good faith .
China appears to have seen the standoff over the Senkaku Islands as a test of wills -- a test Kan 's government failed abysmally .
Chinese officials also suggested the possibility of banning exports to Japan of rare-earth elements -- raw materials crucial for many Japanese manufacturing processes -- and appear to have done so informally .
Other countries might worry about the health risk to workers in rare-earth processing , but that does not appear to be true of China .
As in China , it took time for the benefits to appear , but over the past few years Vietnam has seen the same rapid , poverty-reducing growth that China has experienced .
TOKYO -- When a North Korean dove clutching an olive branch suddenly appears , the world should challenge it to reveal its hidden talons .
Nuclear cooperation between North Korea and Iran is no doubt assisting both countries to flaunt international norms -- and now it appears that Burma has joined this axis of illicit nuclear proliferation .
For example , in the quiet rural city of Rikuzentakata , with a population of 23,000 , it is believed that 5,000 of its 8,000 households disappeared in the disaster .
Today 's Asian nervousness exists not only because isolationism appears to be gaining ground once more in America , but also because Afghanistan 's stability remains in doubt , while China 's power is rising in the absence of any pan-Asian consensus or institutional structure .
The regime in Pyongyang is seeking to ensure that power passes to a third generation of Kims , represented by the pudgy and well-fed `` Dear Young General , '' Kim Jong-un , and appears to believe that provocations such as its bombardment of a South Korean island earlier this year are the way to secure the succession .
The elections earlier this year , which many at first assumed were a sham , now appear to have produced changes to which Asia 's countries will need to collectively and individually respond .
This organization , it appears , is now intended to play the central role in managing the export of missile and nuclear technologies to Iran .
It now appears that he wants to backtrack on his promise , but massive protests are inhibiting him from doing so .
Even Hatoyama 's defense minister , Toshimi Kitazawa , who had been prone to naïve remarks on the issue , appears to have come to his senses .
Unless China demonstrates that it can reach peaceful accommodations in its sovereignty disputes with its neighbors , its claims to a `` peaceful rise '' will appear unconvincing not only in Washington , but in capitals across Asia .
The optimism that followed the recent Pakistani elections has turned to concern as the government 's negotiations with militants appear to have made a terrorist safe-haven safer and attacks against NATO forces in Afghanistan more frequent .
Another crack appeared with the 1983 Hezbollah attack on the US Marine barracks in Beirut , which triggered an abrupt US withdrawal from Lebanon .
Hosni Mubarak was the lynchpin of the West 's policy : he was uncompromising with potential US enemies ; he could be relied upon to appear at peace talks with the Israelis ; and he could be used to add weight to the American position on Iran .
The appearance of such clear gluonic structures was unexpected ; the experiments at HERA were not designed to study them .
The good news is that economic growth in the euro-zone economy appears to be picking up -LRB- even in Italy -RRB- .
If one takes the EU as one 's term of reference , social solidarity between member states would appear to be not that different from social solidarity between American states .
On issues like the Iraq war and American plans to install missile defenses in Poland and the Czech Republic , Europeans appear to find it difficult to speak with a single voice .
Moreover , with the disappearance of the Soviet Union as a common threat , Europe 's left-wing parties are increasingly defining themselves as anti-American .
Bernanke , after an initial stumble -- a rookie mistake as one commentator put it &#45; &#45; appears to be following in his predecessor Alan Greenspan 's footsteps .
But should a credible foreign offer for Société Générale appear in the coming weeks - -- and it well might -- another disruptive conflict between the Bank of France and the government may be in the offing .
Now he appears as a gentleman of independent means and views .
As a prescription for democratic government this belief appeared to be , at least in peacetime , adequate -LRB- Charles de Gaulle 's rule in France being an exception -RRB- for the first two-thirds of the 20th century .
They appeared to lead -- or really did lead -- strong governments and changed their societies enormously .
People recognize this , but still find the gradual disappearance of peasants troubling .
With communism discredited and Catholicism waning , the connection - mental , psychological , even spiritual - of the land with defense of the fatherland , appears to be Poland 's last political certainty .
`` It would appear that , on the level of individual nations and of international relations , the free market is the most efficient instrument for utilizing resources and effectively responding to needs .
Serbia 's dynamic and mainly youthful mainstream political elite appears prepared to turn a corner and make sacrifices to secure Serbia 's long-term future in the EU -LRB- and possibly NATO -RRB- .
But now , with the North 's destruction of key elements of its nuclear program , international negotiations appear to be bearing fruit , and Lee 's tougher stance has gained less approval than might have been anticipated when he came to office .
This Golden Rule , however , also appears in the Indian tradition .
The point is rather to integrate values , standards , and attitudes of ethical-religious traditions that , while appearing in each culture in a specific form , are common to all , and that can be supported by non-religious people as well .
But a Palestinian state will not appear now or in ten years if Israel continues build settlements in areas slated to be part of it .
Meanwhile , the Arab peace proposal , which calls for a Palestinian state on the 1967 borders and a fair solution to the refugee problem in exchange for normalization of Arab states ' relations with Israel , appears doomed .
After 60 years of failures , and as the generation that lived through the Nakbeh passes from the scene , a political settlement that can provide Palestinians with freedom in an independent state alongside a secure Israel and a fair solution of the refugee problem is more necessary -- but also appears less possible -- than ever .
This appears to have been precisely what has happened in Israel 's recent election .
It appears that just the opposite has happened .
Competing against an older Peres -LRB- who had taken over after the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin -RRB- Netanyahu dyed his hair white to appear more mature , and then took advantage of a badly handled mini-war and the anger of Israel 's Arab voters .
The conference , it appears , succeeded in reuniting and reinvigorating the movement , which has suffered since the death of its founder and long-time leader , Yasser Arafat .
In the end , more Jewish settlements appear .
Many will say that this appearance of supporting peace without surrendering land has been Israel 's successful position for decades .
A breakthrough appears to be at hand , though all the parties still seem to be clinging to their traditional positions .
Once the possibility of serious negotiations appears , a Hamas that has improved the lives of ordinary Palestinians will be in a position to carry out the negotiations that will be needed for a historic compromise .
Israel 's National Security Advisor , Giora Eiland , appears to have recognized this even before the violence began .
The Al Jazeera Revolution Turns Ten When it first appeared , the new satellite channel broadcast from Qatar reflected its own name .
Fortunately , the time for armed conflict in that region appears to have come to a definitive end , now that the Balkan states are on the path to NATO and EU membership .
The mosquito nets ubiquitous in my childhood disappeared from urban houses by the time I was at university in the late 1950s .
The social history of ancient India , as one scholar admits , `` appears to be a string of conjectures and speculations . ''
The other countries situated between Germany and the USSR were similarly sentenced to disappear as nations -- sooner or later .
The death sentences and torturing that were then imposed on almost entire nations and millions of people are , it now appears , to be silently accepted and noisily celebrated on May 9 in Moscow .
Fifty-eight more disorders appeared in the revised third -LRB- 1987 -RRB- and fourth -LRB- 1994 -RRB- editions .
Consider that apathy , excessive shopping , and overuse of the Internet are all serious contenders for inclusion in the next edition of the DSM , due to appear in 2012 .
Credibility , it seems , appears to depend less on exchange rate arrangements than on the independence of central banks -- which has been strengthened in almost all countries that abandoned currency pegs -- and the advent of inflation targeting as an anchor for monetary policy .
In their eagerness to embrace development policies that are proven failures , all of the candidates in the presidential election scheduled for December 18 appear unaware of this risk .
But appearances can deceive . Despite improvements and reforms , many of Japan 's fundamentals remain woeful .
Were my father to reappear suddenly and I told him that Lithuania was a member state , he would stare in disbelief and wonder what I was smoking .
So long as the EU continues to sway between integration and containment , it will continue to appear to the Kremlin as weak and directionless . That , in turn , will merely encourage Russia to become even more assertive .
In fact , an alarmingly large number of people appear to be at risk .
BEIJING -- Now that the aftershocks from the great Sichuan earthquake appear to have dissipated , it is time to ask what shocks , if any , the earthquake delivered to China 's political system .
This is why China -- which appears to be faring well in the crisis , meeting its 8 % growth target in 2009 -- became an economic powerhouse only after instituting market-oriented reforms in the 1980s .
These pervasive failures appear to be due mostly to governments ' inability to align their efforts with their country 's resource base and level of development .
The danger , then , is a failure to deliver the knockout blow at a time when the group appears to be disintegrating .
Such `` private '' billboards kept appearing for about a year with varying themes .
With political parties driven into irrelevance , parliament turned into a rubber stamp agency , and national television networks taken under government control , public discourse has all but disappeared .
Khodorkovsky 's letter may have appeared in the public space , but it was not intended for public consumption . Rather , it was like the `` I love you '' billboard .
Though Putin barely implied that the dog 's superiority indicates Russia 's domination over the US , his remark appears to be in line with his general message : do n't you ever dare to doubt our high status .
If even a few SARS cases are present among the millions of flu-like cases that will appear this autumn , it will be critical to identify and isolate them to prevent a repeat of the epidemic that scourged China earlier this year .
Fidel 's appearance at the Party 's congress -- an event full of political significance , because he has only rarely participated in public events since becoming sick in 2006 -- seemed to confirm his support for this outcome .
Gore also frets about the future of polar bears . He claims they are drowning as their icy habitat disappears .
Whereas energy in terms of temperature can disappear relatively easily from the light atmosphere , it is unclear where the heat from global warming should have gone -- and certainly this is again much better than expected .
We hear constantly about how the Arctic sea ice is disappearing faster than expected , and this is true .
But in the two years since , the costs have been well below average , virtually disappearing in 2006 .
Solar and wind power appear to be acceptable , but both are much less reliable than coal , and much more expensive .
But shutting down discussion simply means the disappearance of reason from public policy .
Solar radiation management appears to be one of the most hopeful .
Alternative sources of energy have been hyped by corporate lobbyists and a credulous media to appear far more ready for widespread use than they really are .
It appears that climate engineering could buy us some time , and it is time that we need if we are to make a sustainable and smooth shift away from reliance on fossil fuels .
STOCKHOLM -- The idea of a `` bad bank '' appears to grow more popular by the day in countries where toxic assets have paralyzed lending .
In 1994 , when I became State Secretary for Financial Affairs in Sweden 's Ministry of Finance , recovery appeared to be on the horizon , following the abolition of the fixed exchange rate , the ensuing sharp depreciation of the Krona , and lower interest rates .
As opportunities appeared , we began to re-privatize assets , and within a few years Securum was closed .
Although no new project is in sight , two basic scenarios appear possible .
In its current fight with Google , for example , China 's government appears to think that its technologists can provide the means to maintain the old thought control .
Although China 's government does not keep any of its international commitments on economic , social , and cultural rights , the world 's democracies appear to have lost their willingness to stand up for their beliefs , as President Barack Obama 's kowtow to China during his November visit painfully demonstrated .
China 's model of authoritarian capitalism appears triumphant , but there is nothing genuinely new about this model ; like all dictatorships , it deprives people of political rights and freedom of speech .
Ai 's arrest and disappearance , along with the severe prison sentence imposed on the Noble Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo , are driven by the same motivation : to dam the potential for political unrest and purge independent intellectuals .
On December 30 , Zhao 's blog disappeared .
The fatwas -LRB- legal opinions concerning Islamic law -RRB- that they issue appear unreasonable and can not be accepted by those with scientific knowledge .
Unfortunately , no US politician appears willing to explain this bit of common sense to the American public .
The Maldives will likely disappear entirely .
On the other hand , the desire to avoid confrontation can prevent meaningful agreements from being reached in a reasonable timeframe , and the appearance of consensus may merely mask the true politics at work .
The NDP appears to believe that democratization must begin with changing the political culture and instilling democratic values .
In the world circus , the poet looks like a Knight of the Sorrowful Countenance , and Augustus the Fool appears ill-equipped for everyday life .
Every day , at the same hour , he appeared with his metal trunk stuffed with all that he had collected from street corner garbage cans ; it was as if he wanted to ensnare me with his street sorcery so that I could see the city 's unfathomable contrasts .
Routine increases banality and thoughtlessness ; the personal disappears .
The Roma minority first appeared in Romania in the 14th century , but only in 1856 was its slavery abolished !
Although economic progress is visible across Romania , and a gradual renewal of a civic conscience through the arrival of democracy has appeared , Romania 's burlesque of a political life -- despite its European Union membership -- shows how persistent its bad old habits of duplicity , inconsistency , fatalism , inertia , and corruption are .
But the case of Kundera appears different -- though no less disturbing .
While admission to the European Union appeared to draw a line under the post-communist period -LRB- at least in Central and Eastern Europe -RRB- , the rupture of 1989 did not mark the beginning of an era of perfect cooperation by the people and for the people .
As tax evasion becomes more pervasive , whole networks to help hide incomes have appeared , making it far less likely that those who break the law are punished .
In other words , this apparent fact of nature -- the overwhelming genetic similarity of human and ape -- is a fact constructed from culture . That is not to say it is inaccurate or false ; just that its meaning is far less obvious than it may appear superficially .
Defined that way , the problem disappears , because the current-account deficit of the EU as a whole is only about 0.35 % of its GDP , even though individual member countries have very different external positions .
And , as with the economy , its politicians do n't appear ready to deliver anything that daring .
The five contenders , all of whom served in Koizumi 's cabinet , are actively debating major policy issues , but appear to be offering only more of the similar , because they are not equipped with Koizumi 's charisma and boldness .
For most of the last decade , the DPJ was not seen as a viable alternative to the LDP , although they appeared to form a pseudo-two-party system .
OSAKA -- Three months after the Democratic Party of Japan 's landslide general-election victory , the new administration 's foreign and security policy appears to be increasingly at odds with that of the United States .
A better approach would be to ensure that digital information , like its offline variants of yesteryear , can disappear over time .
What we do not need are forests of reports going to supervisors who appear to devote ample resources to ensuring they arrive on time but fewer on interpreting their content and drawing the relevant conclusions .
Clark presented his vision in a 1951 book The Exploration of Space and von Braun 's proposals appeared in a series of Collier 's magazine articles published between 1952 and 1954 .
Clarke and von Braun encountered a wall of skepticism when their proposals first appeared .
All of these visions appeared before the first artificial satellite was launched .
Larger capabilities were part of the original space station plan , approved in 1984 , but subsequently disappeared as the cost of the facility grew .
If so , new , the new antidepressants would have to target what appear to be progressive neurodegenerative changes in the brain , which we infer are taking place because recurrence of depression is so high under currently available treatments .
On the Richter scale of drug disasters , the looming anti-depressant crisis appears to range between 7 and 11 , where thalidomide rates a 10 .
In history , some events at first appear insignificant , or their significance is hidden , but they turn out to be earthshaking .
At that moment , the communist movement appeared to be riding the tide of history , and not only for those in the Soviet Union .
Indeed , it might appear disproportionate to give higher priority to encouraging overtime than to stimulating employment .
Today , with the EU eager to play a forceful role on the world stage , a move towards a more open system appears to be inevitable . The EU 's interlocutors in Washington , Beijing , and elsewhere already make it plain that national leaders claiming to speak for Europe lack credibility , as do EU leaders who so evidently have no convincing political mandate .
The Disappearance of Europe
The Disappearance of Europe BRUSSELS -- What will it mean to be European 25 years from now ?
When Barroso , the former Portuguese prime minister , was awarded the EU post by his fellow heads of government , he appeared to be a dynamic new broom who would sweep away the cobwebs left by his predecessor , Italy 's Romano Prodi .
There was , it appeared , no other credible candidate to challenge him .
Another Fine Italian Mess ROME -- A game of smoke and mirrors : this is how Italy 's current electoral campaign appears -- both to Italians and the wider world .
Few people appear to realize the fundamental contribution of the emerging economies to the success of the current global trade regime .
Giving strong support to South Korea 's initiatives offers a splendid opportunity for the OECD countries to show that , though they remain proud of the disappearing post-WWII world , they do not fear the new world that is emerging .
With the exception of what appears to be a covert effort to force EU countries to raise corporate taxes to French and German levels , there is ostensibly nothing unreasonable in the Competitiveness Pact .
The jihadists appear to want a Taliban-style Iraq that could serve as a bastion for the wider global Islamist insurgency .
With access to extensive funds , this group appears to sub-contract many of its operations to organized crime or `` casual '' insurgents motivated more by pay than by ideology .
This group appears to rely heavily on tribal structures , kinship , and other local affiliations .
The various components , and the subdivisions within them , do not appear to be centrally commanded .
Until such changes occur , many challenges will fall through the cracks that exist between a strained Pax Americana and a rebalancing world . Issues such as Burma , North Korea , Darfur , Zimbabwe , climate change , and nuclear proliferation all appear to be falling , because they are being insufficiently addressed , into this crack .
If China sees inviolable state sovereignty as the foundation of twenty-first century international affairs , as now appears to be the case , then it must explain why this principle will not lead to the same disastrous consequences as it did in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
The `` Velvet Revolution , '' as Havel dubbed it , was sheer theater , a geopolitical spectacular that unfolded in vignettes , scenes , and acts , with cameo appearances by famous faces from the past , including Alexander Dubcek and Joan Baez .
The World Anti-Doping Agency -LRB- WADA -RRB- prohibited gene doping in 2003 , but some scientists predict that its misuse in sport is likely to appear at the Beijing 2008 Olympics .
The response in Turkey -- where as many as 50 possible cases have appeared in the eastern part of the country -- is instructive .
In short , despite rosy appearances , Brazil clearly faces a complex and , in some respects , daunting agenda , which newly elected President Dilma Roussef can not be expected to accomplish within her current mandate .
When it comes to productivity , managers either invest in employee training , more efficient manufacturing processes , and the like , or they take steps that appear to boost productivity in the short run but that erode it in the long run .
Perhaps this helps to explain why , in a survey of more than 60,000 people in 29 countries conducted in 2007 by the New York-based Reputation Institute to rank the `` world 's most respected companies , '' the first US company on the list appeared in 15th place ; the second was in 25th place .
Bad as it sounds , this prospect appears to be a `` realistic '' compromise between the supposedly utopian vision of a flourishing , unified democracy and the wretchedness of a failed state .
These feelings , it appears , are directly related to the violence gripping Iraq , and the role of foreigners in the country 's perilous security situation .
So it appears that Iraqis are showing greater attachment to their national identity and are supportive of a non-sectarian approach to government .
At the same time , they appear to be holding onto important democratic values .
More disturbing to them is his apocalyptic conviction regarding the imminent advent of the Hidden Imam , the Mahdi , whose appearance is believed to lead to the destruction of the world and the end of time .
But Russia 's population is disappearing before our eyes .
Whereas the `` Middle Kingdom '' is proudly regaining its former global status after centuries of decline , Russia is defiantly trying to resurrect its former imperial status , but in a manner that appears doomed to fail .
They , too , see the world through a prism that makes America continue to appear essential , but no longer preeminent .
The working class is disappearing in modern France and what 's left of it tends to go more to the extreme-right than to the extreme-left .
The very moment he appears on the world 's television screens , victorious and smiling , America 's image and soft power would experience something like a Copernican revolution .
Moving from the North Atlantic to Afghanistan , and from deterrence to combat , has proved to be a major challenge for NATO -- a test that may prove harder than the disappearance of the Soviet Union nearly 20 years ago .
The president 's physical appearance and his body language -- if he was a Shakespeare character , he would probably be the traitor Iago in Othello -- are part of the problem .
How can you define yourself to the West , when the West has so spectacularly and visibly changed its appearance , if not its essence ?
Second , whereas democracy and market capitalism appeared as clear -- if more fragile than expected -- winners in 1989 , it is difficult in 2009 , with the spread of the global crisis , to distinguish winners from losers .
But before this new order appears , the world may be faced with spreading disorder , if not outright chaos .
Of course , a single European voice in the major multilateral institutions appears more unrealistic than ever : who wants it , except maybe the EU 's smaller members ?
It is the West 's acceptance of corruption -- either open or tacit -- that makes it an accomplice to too many nefarious regimes , and makes its espousal of democratic principles appear either hypocritical or contradictory .
More than thirty years after the disappearance of the long dictatorship of Francisco Franco , Spain finds itself confronted by the shadows of a past it has deliberately chosen not to confront .
And Israel , contrary to North Korea -- a regime doomed to disappear into a single Korea united by freedom and capitalism -- is here to stay .
And not only is Qaddafi truly bad , but Libya is comparatively small , and his forces appear relatively weak -LRB- this remains to be proven on the ground -RRB- .
Nor does the appearance of hypocrisy end there .
As America 's legitimacy diminishes , new actors are appearing on the world stage -- or returning for an encore .
And symptoms accumulate : sight is gradually lost , genital lesions appear around puberty -LRB- sometimes increasing risk of HIV -RRB- , and skin condition declines as millions of microscopic worms become intolerably itchy .
Indeed , as these initiatives suggest , rapprochement with Brazil and Mercosur appears to be Cuba 's best international alternative as Raúl Castro seeks to avoid falling into America 's economic orbit .
Innovation may increase even more when firms and managers realize that even the most successful firms -- those that `` have done everything right '' -- may languish and disappear .
The ruling Shia elite that surrounds President Assad -- and that , together with the military oligarchy , retains almost total control of the economy -- appears to be interested mainly in preserving the stagnant status quo .
The disappearance from the treaty of such terms as `` constitution '' and `` minister of foreign affairs '' clearly show that the constitutional treaty 's ambitions have been scaled back .
To be sure , this impression disappears if one focuses on explicit political content .
China 's government , as prone to political maneuvering and policy gridlock as any , appears to agree that immediate economic growth is crucial and that an 8 % annual rate is essential .
Assets bubbles will not disappear , but they will be less likely to be turbocharged by leverage .
As a result , security and normalcy appear to be gradually returning .
Rising tensions in Europe over what has ominously crystallized as `` the Muslim Question '' has made it all too easy to forget that there was a time when Islam -- a more tolerant and inclusive civilization than it appears to be in the post-9 \/ 11 West -- was fully a part of European life .
But Mussolini soon outlawed the Popolari ; in any event , the Vatican had had a strained relationship with the party and appeared more comfortable supporting pro-Catholic authoritarian regimes in countries like Austria and Portugal .
He criticized France 's attempts to appear as a modern crusader , incurring the wrath of Catholics in the United States in particular .
Yet , in the search for what Cameron has called a new `` look , feel , and identity , '' these parties have been treading a fine line : on the one hand , they have attempted to appear more modern -- for example , by appointing an increasing number of women and members of ethnic minorities to cabinet posts .
Such measures have the appearance of a -LRB- seemingly self-contradictory -RRB- program to force men and women to be free .
Similar tendencies appeared in the Netherlands , which was once committed to multiculturalism , but more recently has sought to confront would-be citizens with images of men kissing and of bare-breasted women emerging from the North Sea -- presumably all to get across the point that a true Dutch citizen had better be tolerant .
True , the left-liberal pacifist milieu that in the old Federal Republic disproportionately influenced published opinion with its political pieties disappeared during the 1990 's ; but today 's more `` normal '' Germany did not begin forgetting the Nazi past and reasserting itself as a Great Power .
The Arab World 's Silent Feminist Revolution MADRID -- Arab societies often appear rigid and resistant to change to outsiders , because what they see is these countries ' ruling regimes , which mostly do resist development and change .
Even Western bosses keen on China , it appears , are finding it hard nowadays to praise Jiang , as he crushes the Falun Gong spiritual movement by imprisoning or confining its members to psychiatric hospitals .
He appeared to have abandoned an active role in politics after his post was abolished in 1989 . But now he has ostensibly resurfaced , like a Persian Cincinnatus , to help Iran in its hour of need .
Kosovo 's Original Sin PRISTINA -- Hundreds of people disappeared ten years ago in Kosovo , the former Serbian province that is now the world 's newest state .
These missing persons disappeared after the conflict , on NATO 's and the United Nations ' watch .
Kosovo will not convince many more countries to recognize its independence unless it investigates these disappearances and demonstrates a commitment to the rule of law .
Mass graves are unearthed , torture chambers opened . Countless Iraqis now openly recount horrifying stories of the murder and disappearance of loved ones .
For the EU to do its part , larger budgets appear unavoidable .
Many Ethiopians appear to have agreed with this strategy .
Now , however , it appears that the authorities wanted only a small , managed opening , on the assumption that they could control the outcome .
But , while it seems safe to predict that Bush will serve out the rest of his term , it also appears certain that history will look upon him as a president who sought to undermine civil liberties .
Unfortunately , given Bush 's repeated assertions -- in defiance of America 's constitutional tradition of checks and balances -- that his office endows him with unilateral powers to violate rights , he appears to be untroubled by that prospect .
By now , of course , 133 defendants from all parties to the wars in ex-Yugoslavia have appeared before the Tribunal , charged with war crimes , crimes against humanity , and even genocide .
They do not seem concerned that the charges are unfair ; rather , they appear to be demonstrating solidarity with a fellow head of state .
his actions in Kuwait when Iraq invaded in 1990 , including the disappearance -- still unresolved -- of hundreds of Kuwaiti citizens ;
Crusading journalists disappear without a trace .
Their reasons also seem to have a pragmatic ring : they do n't want to cause North Korea to collapse by being too harsh ; they fear losing influence in Burma to India or the United States ; no one is doing much about Darfur , so to jeopardize the supply of Sudanese oil by pushing the regime in Khartoum appears futile .
The party actively supports Putin , but refrained from appearing in televised debates , possibly because it has no charismatic leaders of its own who can excite the public with sharp polemics .
But , while Medvedev 's victory in the first round of voting appears assured , the important questions will arise after the ballots are counted .
Moreover , more than 60 % these deaths occur in the developing world , and here NCD 's increasingly appear in younger age groups , which can have huge implications for how productive a country 's workers are .
While the Kenyan public appeared to show their high regard for legal process and participatory democracy , the run-up to the referendum revealed the government 's much uglier face .
Closer to farming communities , roads disappear entirely .
Seen from Washington , Europe 's attention-seeking and responsibility-shirking behavior appears infantile .
Women complained of not being heard , of men disappearing after work to tinker in the garage or zone out in front of the TV .
Furthermore , Obama 's Justice Department has invoked Bush 's argument that the State Secrets Act bars evidence about torture from being disclosed , which means that anyone who was tortured can never appear in court .
First , he does not dare appear to be `` soft on terror . ''
Unfortunately , Obama 's administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
If governments let no outside entity investigate the circumstances of such deaths , what will keep them from `` disappearing '' whomever they take into custody , for whatever reason ?
The fact that no one can answer this question yet means that even in Barack Obama 's America , as in Stalin 's Russia or Ahmadinejad 's Iran , people can simply be disappeared without trial .
Almost from her first appearance in the public eye , Michelle Obama has used clothing , etiquette , and such cues as where she shops and entertains to send out a subtle but radical message to American voters and to the world .
As long as China 's economy does grow , its military power will likely increase , thus making China appear more dangerous to its neighbors and complicating America 's commitments in Asia .
While improved relations and diminished prospects for conflict are welcome , relations between India and China are more complex than they appear at first .
In 1980 , after John Lennon was murdered , a monument to him spontaneously appeared in Prague , and the anniversary of his death was marked by an annual procession for peace and democracy .
But , charges of corruption aside , this outcome indicates that gas is not such an easy source of hard economic power as it would first appear .
The lesson from the Ukraine episode is that while Russia is less of a gas superpower than it would appear , Europe would be wise for to start building greater diversity into the energy relationship .
Yet that is what appears to be happening .
In September 2005 , it appeared momentarily that the talks had produced a rough agreement that North Korea would forgo its nuclear program in return for security guarantees and removal of sanctions .
Perhaps because Iraq will define his legacy , he has proven reluctant to let go at a point when his policy appears to be a disaster .
There may not be as much conflict between these two agendas as first appears .
The mere fact that high-level Russians reappeared in Davos to defend themselves may be a small but healthy sign .
McCain is a man of strong traditional values who prides himself on his willingness to act quickly and decisively , which he sought to do during the negotiations on the bailout by suspending his campaign to return to Washington . That effort appears to have backfired , because the Republicans that he leads initially balked at passing the legislation .
Military theorists today write about `` fourth generation warfare '' that sometimes has `` no definable battlefields or fronts '' ; indeed , the distinction between civilian and military may disappear .
Indeed , too much government control , or even the appearance of it , can undercut the credibility that such networks are designed to engender .
In September 2005 , it fleetingly appeared that the talks had led North Korea to agree to forgo its nuclear program in exchange for security guarantees and removal of sanctions .
Moreover , while the common security threat from the Soviet Union has disappeared , both the US and Europe face a new common threat from radical jihadist terrorism .
Such fears appear exaggerated , particularly when one considers that Asia is not one entity . It has its own internal balance of power .
Even top communists appear to acknowledge and embrace change .
To make Boko Haram appear more potent , its members play up this alleged affiliation , and even claim to have the support of `` important '' people in the northern part of the country .
After 100 days in office , Jonathan and his ruling People 's Democratic Party appear indecisive about how to tackle these challenges .
After the sound and fury of its recent elections , Africa 's most populous country appears set to face violence and chaos born of deprivation and neglect .
For now , the north appears divided .
But as French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel meet Russian President Dmitri Medvedev in Deauville , it would be wise to recognize that the Kremlin appears to be changing the terms of this nascent relationship .
It appeared symbolically on June 16 , 1989 , when I had the opportunity to speak on behalf of the young generation . A whole generation felt that the moment had come when Hungarians could at last determine their own future .
But , following a recent 64 % devaluation of the currency , the clock appears to be running out on his prolonged misrule .
Now Russia has taken a harder line , demanding a high price for loans that are , in any case , insufficient to save the regime . As a result , the Belarusian economy is in free-fall , and Lukashenko 's days appear to be numbered .
While the current yield on 10-year Polish government bonds of 4.7 % appears to be at the edge of meeting the Maastricht long-term interest-rate benchmark , sustainability will depend on the fiscal policy outlook and on the overall credit risk .
Fundamentalism is thus not a protest by original cultures under threat ; it reflects these cultures ' disappearance .
For most low - and middle-income countries , the incipient economic recovery appears to be fragile and uneven .
Then , each morning , before the tourists reappear , they unceremoniously open the gates again , so that the eerily silent falls suddenly revive in a simulacrum of normalcy .
Although some of those tensions appear purely bilateral , the Georgian-Russian conflict demonstrates that there is no such thing anymore in this globalized world , and certainly not in this interconnected region .
At the same time , there is less hope in negotiations , which appear to be stalled , largely because they have been linked to the Armenia-Turkey process , which also seems to be in limbo .
Otherwise , it will appear that no amount of negotiation can help set the Caucasus straight -- powerfully undermining a key restraint preventing the two sides from trying again to achieve a military solution .
At the same time , the Iraqi Kurds also appear to appreciate how much they need a friendly Turkey .
As minister for foreign affairs , she appeared to distrust Syria 's peace signals but kept an open link of negotiation with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas .
Indeed , unlike the DP 's leader , Adnan Menderes , who was brutally executed following a sham military trial , the AKP 's Recep Tayyip Erdo?an , who will now begin his third term as Prime Minister , appears to have secured democratic political control of Turkey 's military and bureaucracy .
Both institutions ' ability to challenge the results of elections appears at an end .
This appears to satisfy everyone , but it puts you in panic mode .
Families of the disappeared , killed , and tortured told the press that Humala ordered the atrocitie
With debt burdens elevated and housing prices significantly above levels warranted by their historical relation to income , the business cycle of the last two decades appears exhausted .
That the Latin American right can sleep at night despite this leftward tide is not merely the result of communism 's disappearance , nor does it mean that the US has given up its hegemonic intentions . The explanation lies in the fact that much of today 's left is not the left as we have known it .
These manipulations worked : Oragir was closed down , which forced us to appear under the name Haykakan Zhamanak .
Biti is not the only MDC member to be `` disappeared '' for a period of time by Mugabe 's government .
It is time for the international community to step in , call for an end to the detention and disappearance of MDC officials and perceived supporters , and push for a democratic transition in Zimbabwe .
Some of the factors that will shape our lives appear to tug in different directions .
He appears on CNN , but has he actually visited Gaza since his appointment in the summer of 2007 ?
Obama already appears to have gone further in the pursuit of bipartisanship than his predecessors .
But , above all , he has tried hard to secure Republican support for his efforts to prevent the economy from disappearing into a deep recessionary hole .
The West has courted trouble in appearing to isolate the Pashtun .
This is what appeared to happen in the last Indian election , and the election in the United States of President Barack Obama was also plainly a supremely rational moment .
While Israeli public opinion has usually appeared to run well ahead of its political leaders in the approach to peace , it is difficult to see how one could act over their heads .
We have also been able to watch on our televisions this month what appears to be the final stages in the battle to cap the huge oil spill off the coast of Florida and Louisiana .
Or , if they exist at all , they appear to be constrained by dysfunctional political systems .
Even Senator Barack Obama , who has demonstrated a clear commitment to building a more open-minded , less unilateral relationship with the rest of the world , has said things about Palestine and Israel that would appear to rule out the sort of initiatives required for a peace agreement .
His friend Senator Joseph Lieberman , a former Democrat and a hawk on the Iraq war , appeared to be the most likely pick .
According to the story , Descartes was so struck with grief that he created an automaton , a mechanical doll , built to appear identical to his dead daughter .
In Guinea , for example , rights that appear to have been awarded without significant benefit to the public treasury were swiftly re-sold for several billion euros .
Inevitably , for many the EU appeared to be a bureaucratic monster .
But only tentative reforms have appeared so far .
The best method of strengthening Ahmadinejad , however , appears to be to threaten the country and the regime as a whole .
While Iran 's ruling elite appears to be divided over the prospect of a full-scale rapprochement with the US , they share this underlying fear of America and do not want their country to be isolated further .
Less obviously , a country does not want misguided or pointless change ; it wants investments that appear to the financial sector as productive .
The reason for these negative effects appears to be that high corporatism is strongly correlated with stifled entrepreneurship and obstructive job protection .
Opponents of genetic engineering in food and agriculture have several arguments , none of which appears to be valid .
The Kremlin appears to be seeking systematically to obstruct the US , even when obstruction does not seem to be in Russia 's national interest .
Descartes famously said , `` I think , therefore I am . '' Russia 's rulers appear to live by the credo , `` I resist America , therefore I am great . ''
Paradoxically , these exercises were undertaken during a period when bilateral political and economic ties appeared on the surface to be at their highest point .
One after another , they have appeared on television and radio to denounce `` provokers , '' whom they dare not name , for `` planning the incursion of Russian troops all the way to Tbilisi and the establishment there of a pro-Russian government . ''
So extensive is this process that it sometimes appears as a `` legislative tornado . ''
Imported legal solutions , it appears , are unlikely to work unless key constituencies - local farmers or business owners , say - support the process of legal transplantation and develop a demand for the legal solutions the transplanted rules offer .
Governments with a mandate to domesticate financial markets appear to have produced a lot of sound and fury , but little reform .
But the establishment 's efforts to put a lid on the seething Thai kettle appear untenable .
The probability of catastrophes , whether intentional or not , resulting from human activity appears to be increasing because of the rapidity and direction of technological advances .
According to the court , Germany 's laws on freedom of speech did not protect PETA 's campaign , because to make `` the fate of the victims of the Holocaust appear banal and trivial '' was an offense against human dignity .
We can reasonably disagree with MacAskill 's decision , but we should acknowledge that -- unless there is more going on than appears on the surface -- he was motivated by some of the finest values we are capable of exercising .
Suicide bombers who target innocent Israeli civilians -- and sometimes legitimate military objectives -- rightly or wrongly appear to counterbalance Israeli `` strategic '' strikes . Thus , despite repeated condemnation by establishment figures within the ummah -LRB- the worldwide community of Muslims -RRB- , some forms of suicide bombing may enjoy the quiet admiration of many .
Now comes the supposed news that the Himalayan glaciers are not , in fact , retreating , and will therefore not disappear by 2035 .
The first story was timed to appear just before December 's COP15 climate-change summit in Copenhagen .
As a broker of Shevardnadze 's removal , Russia at last appears to be interested in a stable Georgia .
The phrase `` Weimar Russia '' first appeared about 13 years ago , at the height of the confrontation between then President Boris Yeltsin and the Supreme Soviet that ended when Yeltsin 's tanks shelled the parliament .
But what explains today 's resurgence of nationalism , when the regime and economy are strong , and all branches of government appear to operate in total unity ?
A sympathetic press amplifies heart-rending stories of lost jobs and homes , making those counseling against intervention or advocating longer-term fixes appear callous .
The current recovery appears to be similarly slow in creating jobs .
Economic recovery is all about jobs , not output , and politicians are willing to push for economic stimulus , both fiscal -LRB- tax cuts or government spending -RRB- and monetary -LRB- lower short-term interest rates -RRB- , until jobs start reappearing .
Nuclear Targets LOS ANGELES &#45; &#45; Nuclear facilities as military targets ? The drumbeat appears to be growing louder .
And , for the moment , Israel 's Syrian strike appears to have eliminated a potential threat .
But , even were a revived Franco-American effort to succeed in getting the UN organ to endorse targeted penalties to hamstring the financial underpinnings of the Revolutionary Guards and other Iranian elites , the proposed measures appear to be too modest . They arguably add little to three prior sanction resolutions that ban the export of nuclear and ballistic-missile technology and conventional arms , and that freeze the assets and travel of a handful of Iranian officials .
While the revelation may appear merely to be a historical footnote , more profoundly it raises new uncertainty about whether Israel now thinks that it can rely on the United States to apply military force to stop Iran 's nuclear program should diplomacy fail .
Thus far , changes are noticeable in his appearance and slogans , and a certain self-criticism has crept into his public persona .
Timor-Leste is still only an observer in the ASEAN family , but it appears able to grasp -- far better than Myanmar , an ASEAN member state -- the need for a rules-based ASEAN that stands for democratic governance even in the most difficult of circumstances .
Communism 's fall saw the appearance of several small states in Europe .
It is only as an additional level of government that the EU appears onerous and bureaucratic .
But Europe 's nation states are not going to disappear for a while because they are centers of power .
The most important differences appear to be in the physical and human assets of the poor .
According to the OECD , `` there does not appear to be any strong reason to expect that recent structural reforms mean that OECD labor markets are now substantially less sensitive to severe economic downturns . ''
He has even appeared at crime scenes -- not urban riots , but private crimes of passion , where no reason of state could possibly warrant the presence of the President of the Republic .
Financial markets appear to be expecting a good deal more Asian monetary tightening -- at least that 's the message that can be drawn from sharply appreciating Asian currencies , which seem to be responding to prospective moves in policy interest rates .
The good news is that China appears to have arrived at a similar conclusion .
Two such stylish personalities have so far commandeered the public opinion polls , and appear destined to meet in the second round .
On the right , Chirac 's antagonism toward Sarkozy makes it that another candidate will appear at some point , either Michele Alliot-Marie , the defense minister , or Chirac himself .
European Social Democracy 's Powerless Power At first glance , European social democracy appears to be in crisis .
But the simultaneous occurrence and high visibility of these problems is less significant than they appear .
Even in areas where the empirical record appears clear , closer analysis reveals major flaws .
Such an attitudinal change appears to have had a particularly profound effect in one of the important growth miracles of the last quarter century - India since the early 1980 's .
The impact of soccer globalization on African countries appears to be just the opposite .
But that self-assured attitude has all but disappeared , replaced by doubts , questions , and skepticism .
That is why you can be sure that we will have another major financial crisis sometime in the future , once this one has disappeared into the recesses of our memory .
But financial markets have made little distinction between these countries and others like Mexico , Brazil , South Korea , or Indonesia , which until just a few weeks ago appeared to be models of financial health .
Although the financial crisis appears to be contained in the United States and Europe , its full repercussions will not be clear for some time .
This model became frayed from the 1980 's on , and now appears to have broken down .
Growth ultimately depends on supply-side factors -- investment in and acquisition of new technologies -- and the stock of technologies that can be adopted by poor countries does not disappear when advanced countries ' growth is sluggish .
Ultimately , greater convergence in the post-crisis global economy appears inevitable .
Others appear to have misspelled their own names or gotten their titles wrong . Two forensic reports have established that the handwriting on the incriminating CD was forged .
Their Euro-skepticism certainly appears to be vindicated by events .
But whatever measures of `` political '' qualities and ownership separation we use , the index of employment protection appears to be the best predictor of ownership separation in the wealthy West .
Wherever the IMF appears on the scene to provide financial assistance , painful government budget cuts seem certain to follow .
To be sure , we economists have found that globalization appears to have played a far lesser role in growing wage inequality than have technological advances .
The last thing that Bush 's Republicans want is to appear indifferent to the plight of the middle classes .
Unemployment is at a cyclical low , and the economy appears to be less volatile than at any point in modern history .
The Federal Reserve appears to care about exchange rates only to the extent that they affect growth and inflation , and right now the weak dollar is helping US exports .
Today , US authorities appear willing to contemplate any measure , no matter how inflationary , to insure that none of its major banks and investment houses fails .
Instead , as the credit crunch and housing price decline continue , an epic mortgage bailout appears increasingly likely , possibly costing US taxpayers a trillion dollars or more .
Super-Sizing the IMF is Wrong CAMBRIDGE -- As the global financial crisis radiates out from the developed economies into emerging markets , it is ravaging not only governance-challenged economies such as Venezuela , Russia , and Argentina . The crisis is also striking countries like Brazil , Korea , and South Africa , which appeared to have made substantial and lasting progress towards macroeconomic stability .
While the only safe bet is continuing high volatility , we are at an unusual juncture where the short - and long-term trends appear to be very different .
But , when more normal growth does resume , the recent trends underpinning dollar and yen appreciation will disappear .
Income in the US and euro-area both appear to have declined at an annualized rate of roughly 6 % in the fourth quarter of 2008 ; Japan 's GDP fell at perhaps twice that rate .
Asian central banks are still nervously clinging to the dollar . But with the US printing debt and money like it is going out of style , it would appear the euro is set to appreciate against the dollar two or three years down the road , if the euro is still around , that is .
The increase was perhaps exaggerated in the heat of the moment , but a good chunk of the money actually appears to have materialized .
Since their articles appeared , the price of gold has moved up still further . Gold prices even hit a record-high $ 1,300 recently .
The IMF needs to bring much more of this brand of skepticism to its assessment of eurozone debt dynamics , instead of constantly seeking strained assumptions that would make the debt appear sustainable .
Absent a clear path to a much tighter fiscal and political union , which can lead only through constitutional change , the current halfway house of the euro system appears increasingly untenable .
In fact , European assurances that arms sales to China could be controlled and threats to an ally avoided do appear unconvincing .
Ennobling Democracy WARSAW &#45; &#45; Ever since democracy appeared in ancient Athens , it has generated suspicion among those who believe that humanity 's highest purpose is virtue , not freedom .
Indeed , the shadows of militarism that have appeared over the Chávez regime may well have unnerved a majority of Venezuelans , who wonder who the next adversary to be pursued will be .
So far , the US response appears to be more aggressive than that of the euro zone , as the European Central Bank falls behind the curve on interest rates and the EU 's fiscal stance remains weak .
Most of the shadow banking system has disappeared , and traditional commercial banks are saddled with trillions of dollars in expected losses on loans and securities while still being seriously undercapitalized .
Fiscal stimulus will disappear as austerity programs take hold in most countries .
His reappearance comes just as the credit bubble fueled by the sub-prime mortgage boom is about to burst , triggering the worst financial and economic crisis since the Great Depression .
Alternatives to a debt restructuring are fast disappearing .
Global stock markets fell by more than 50 % ; interest-rate spreads skyrocketed ; a severe liquidity and credit crunch appeared ; and many emerging-market economies staggered to the International Monetary Fund for help .
Chávez himself appears to have tacitly , if reluctantly , accepted that the recall vote will be held this August .
Given decades of repressive rule , and tens of thousands of disappeared Iraqis , there are already endemic problems of verification .
If it appears that the withdrawal will proceed and Sharon can assemble a government to implement it , the Palestinian side will then face a major challenge .
Unwilling to change or work together , and unable to devise ways of appealing to voters , these once-powerful groups simply disappeared , leaving the AKP largely in control of the conservative electoral base .
He became one of the outstanding policy economists of our time , displaying the same rare talent demonstrated in his theoretical work : the ability to extract the essence of a complicated problem and explain it in terms that made it appear simple .
The second development was that the carry trade appeared to perform strongly when other risky assets also did well , and vice versa .
Last year , a US Department of Defense report noted that China 's defense expenditures appear to be much higher than acknowledged by the Chinese government .
Europe appears poised to do more , while the US appears to be the main obstacle .
Several factors appear to explain the Nordic countries ' economic success .
When peace appears to be close at hand , radicals on one side of the conflict or the other provoke an explosion to derail it .
The war party appears to be trying to whip up American public opinion in support of a wider conflict .
It appeared overwhelmingly likely that the presidential vote count would similarly show Odinga beating Kibaki by a wide margin .
Those jobs disappeared in the 1990 's , when the US imposed a trade embargo on Haiti as part of an effort to re-establish democracy . Democracy returned , but the economy was destroyed .
The second issue was a blatant error concerning glaciers that appeared in a major IPCC report .
US banks still appear strong - well capitalized , reasonably well supervised , and with only moderate levels of non-performing loans .
No follow-up stories or editorials appeared , and no New York Times reporters assessed the story on the ground .
Only when the annual rains begin in the summer does water reappear in the river bed .
As a result , Iran 's near-term political prospects appear ominous .
An indigenous civil society has emerged ; indeed , Iran appears to be the only nation in the Islamic Middle East that is building a sustainable liberal foundation from the bottom up .
While the governments in Teheran and Washington appear to be strategic archrivals , in the words of former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger , `` there are few nations in the world with which the United States has less reason to quarrel or more compatible interests than Iran . ''
On the contrary , Pakistan 's liberals are brave to agitate for democracy , the rule of law , and accountability for Musharraf , whose presidency appears beyond rehabilitation .
Indeed , given rising tension with Israel and possible indictments of its operatives by the international tribunal investigating the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafic al-Hariri , Hezbollah appears to be hemmed in on all sides .
Although a real breakthrough in the Arab-Israeli peace process appears unlikely , United States envoy George Mitchell is still talking of Arab-Israeli peace as a distinct possibility in 2011 .
But , while Chávez-style populism appears to have made some headway in Peru , it is far from succeeding .
Down the ages , the appearance of those with the disease , and the absence of a known cure , contributed to the fear that it caused -- and thus to the stigmatization of its sufferers .
An aide to President Vladimir Putin , Igor Shuvalov , said that it was realistic to expect the appearance of a new person whom Putin would consider his potential successor .
The night finished with many wounded and one more killed . The next day , back on Manezhnaya Square , beside the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier , a huge swastika appeared .
They focus on ending organ trafficking but ignore the time-tested truth that trying to stamp out illicit markets either drives them further underground or causes corruption to reappear elsewhere .
The truth is that trafficking will stop only when the need for organs disappears .
The agenda appears straightforward , but `` Paris III '' has acquired a barely concealed political purpose : to bolster the government of Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Siniora in the face of a powerful domestic challenge led by Hezbollah , and by extension to curb the influence of Hezbollah 's regional backers , Syria and Iran .
North Korea is a failing state economically , a fact that Kim Jong-il and his cronies appear to recognize .
But Americans appear to be psychologically unprepared for China 's effort to use some of its vast dollar reserves to become a global stakeholder in America .
Recognizing that the report comes at a sensitive time in Sino-US relations , Pentagon officials are said to be editing the report with an eye toward softening any appearances of anti-Chinese bias .
Even after the epidemic appeared in Hong Kong and then spread to Beijing , officials continued to withhold information .
With China 's economy booming , foreign investors flocking , and the country 's role in global markets ever more central , the disappearance of this elderly couple hardly caused a break in China 's hectic march .
But the disappearance underscores the ongoing imbalance between economic and political reform .
How does one reconcile an isolated retrograde incident such as the disappearance of an elderly Chinese couple with the hopeful progress of the `` Chinese economic miracle '' that has so transformed this once seemingly desperate , backward land ?
Thanks to the welfare state , organized sports , which first appeared among the leisured upper classes , are now practiced by everyone .
Sadly , Russia 's leaders have tolerated , if not encouraged , fear of foreigners and assaults on those whose appearance differs from the average Russian .
It was his ambition to subject the country to truly far-reaching social and political reforms that sealed his downfall and also brought about this new trial , which appears intended to silence him for good .
This led to real alarm among policymakers whenever a threat to confidence appeared -LRB- as when the dot-com bubble burst at the end of the 1990 's -RRB- .
Tickling appears to be caused by unexpected sensations on certain areas of the skin .
Today 's policymakers , reasoning from the 1930 's , appear to believe that creating confidence is somehow different from creating good reasons to be confident .
It may thus appear naive and counterproductive to raise the bar and suggest that we need to go beyond trade and move investment to the top of our priority list .
Instead , public servants now appear to be in cahoots with Wall Street to engineer an artificial aura of profitability .
Of course , Putin has concentrated so much authority and control over the levers of power in his own hands that he appears capable of anything .
But appearances can deceive , for the legacy of Putin 's first term is that he is losing his fight with the state apparatus that he inherited .
Two worries arise most often : globalization , which makes jobs migrate to poorer regions , and computer technology , which can make them disappear altogether .
Five percent per year of $ 1 is only five cents , 5 % of $ 10 is only 50 cents , and the curve appears flat for a while .
A market for real estate derivatives that can help balance these risks is only just beginning to appear .
On closer inspection , the idea that the market will yield a real 6.9 % a year in the future appears suspect .
But we should not make plans that rely on high returns , as many -LRB- including some governments -RRB- appear to be doing .
It would thus appear that there is nothing wrong with China continuing to buy new equipment , build new factories , and construct new roads and bridges as fast as its can .
The real-estate boom appears to be cooling .
A decline in long-term rates of such magnitude would thus appear to imply massive price inflation for real assets , justifying the high prices we are in fact seeing .
The vacation-home boom appears psychologically tied to the urban home-price bubble in many of the world 's `` glamour cities , '' and prices of these vacation homes are similarly vulnerable to a significant drop in coming years .
Inflation futures appear to be gaining hold in part because the new contract is traded on an efficient electronic market -LRB- the Globex system -RRB- that allows futures contracts to get going without the initial splash that is required by open-outcry pit-based futures markets .
With government deficits the norm , that appears unlikely .
Both wage and livelihood insurance appear to have important risk management functions .
So Mexico 's current economic slowdown appears to reflect nothing more than weak global conditions .
With over 20 million Mexicans in the US already , and with Hispanic voters so potent a political force that President Bush makes a show of speaking Spanish , that commitment appears genuine .
But that improvement appears to have been only a so-called `` impact effect . ''
Moreover , though Mexico elected its first president , Vicente Fox , from an opposition party after 71 years of one-party rule , this new democratic government appears ineffective .
As inequality deepens , many who fall behind struggle to save face , consuming in order to maintain the appearance of success .
Those that did appear generally seem to be based on the assumption that minor fluctuations in construction costs , not massive market swings , drove the modest home price movements that they noted .
Merton concluded : `` It appears that the cosmopolitan influential has a following because he knows , the local influential because he understands . ''
Thus , conditions would appear to be consistent with a bubble , though less so than in the 1980 's .
With the price\/earnings ratio remaining stable and moderate , the stock-market boom does not appear to reflect merely investor psychology .
The reasons for that crash are complex , but , as I discovered in my questionnaire survey a week later , it would appear that people ultimately did not trust the market 's level .
Roughly two-thirds of these countries have had dramatic housing booms since 2000 , most of which appear to be continuing , at least for the time being .
The rapid increase thus appears to be mostly the result of speculative momentum that occurred before the interest-rate cuts .
MOSCOW -- Skeptics of financial liberalization and innovation have been emboldened by the crisis in the world 's credit markets that erupted in mid-2007 , when the problems with sub-prime mortgages first appeared in the United States .
But , while it does sometimes appear that the current crisis is due , at least in part , to financial innovation , financial-market liberalization has been shown to be a good thing overall .
But psychology also matters in speculative markets , and perhaps that image of the Greenland ice disappearing makes it seem all too plausible that everything else -- land , water , even fresh air -- is running out too .
The European Space Agency announced in September 2007 that satellite photos showed that the Northwest Passage appeared clear of ice for shipping for the first time ever , and that the Northeast Passage is almost clear .
A number of books have appeared in Europe this fall about the causes of Europe 's weak economies .
George Akerlof and I have just written a book by the same name , but by the time Animal Spirits appears later this winter , the world economy may be even worse than it is now .
This surge in volatility appears to reflect a new and different attitude toward homes as an asset -- an attitude that has spread around much of the world .
Many people appear to believe that upswings in home prices reflect increasing scarcity of land in a world constrained by rapid economic growth and severe resource constraints -LRB- symbolized by the fear of global warming -RRB- .
That is why it appears safer to predict high volatility in 2010 than to predict that home prices will rise .
The low level of real interest rates does not appear to be due to the 2007-2009 financial crisis .
Instead , low long-term real interest rates appear to reflect a general failure by governments over the years to use the borrowing opportunities that the inflation-indexed markets present to them .
But some places appear a little more likely than others to give rise to bubbles .
That question is usually not singled out for attention , but it appears spot-on for what we really want to know : what deep anxieties and fears do people have that might inhibit their willingness to spend for a long time .
Investors may respond emotionally , but they are unlikely to let their anger cause them to miss what appears to be a substantive increase in value .
-LRB- Some media accounts have made Zitzewitz 's estimates appear much larger by taking them as a percent of the most vulnerable mutual funds ' assets , rather than of all mutual funds assets . -RRB-
Indeed , that outcome appears likely .
These suicides are most frequent where farmers grow cotton , and appear directly linked to the presence of seed monopolies .
The prostitutes who lined up throughout downtown Moscow in the Yeltsin era have disappeared , and `` dressing to kill '' for a casual walk has gone out of fashion .
Instead of confronting a -LRB- usually hostile -RRB- Russian\/Soviet empire on its border , a vast swath of buffer states appeared after 1991 .
With its long borders with Russia , China knows it would have much to regret if a new , oil-fired Russian empire appeared on its doorstep .
Still , the logical conclusion of the Kremlin 's Kadyrov policy appears to be precisely what it sought to prevent -- Chechen independence -- when it engaged in the first Chechen war almost a generation ago .
Without a treaty in place , holes will soon appear in the nuclear umbrella that the US provides to Poland and other allies under Article 5 of the Washington Treaty , the collective security guarantee for NATO members .
While a broad and abrupt sell-off by major foreign holders of dollars -- for example , China -- appears unlikely , a cataclysmic event , similar to the outbreak of the Great War in 1914 , could prompt a search for a new international medium of exchange .
More dramatically , people in Austria , France , Japan , and Germany appear to be no happier than people in much poorer countries , like Brazil , Colombia , and the Philippines .
Comparisons between countries with different cultures are difficult , but the same effect appears within countries , except at very low income levels , such as below $ 12,000 annually for the US .
For nomadic societies , there was no point in owning anything that one could not carry , but once humans settled down and developed a system of money , that limit to acquisition disappeared .
Coincidentally , Kahneman 's article appeared the same week that Buffett announced the largest philanthropic donation in US history -- $ 30 billion to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and another $ 7 billion to other charitable foundations .
The case of Khaled el-Masri , a German citizen of Lebanese descent , appears to be another of these errors .
Some depression appears to be genetic , in which case genetic therapy may ultimately offer a solution .
But much mental illness appears to depend on environmental factors .
Today , despite what happened in Rwanda and the former Yugoslavia -- and appeared to be on the verge of happening after the recent disputed election in Kenya -- no country openly accepts racist doctrines .
In an essay he wrote for In Defense of Animals , a book I edited that appeared in 2006 , he wrote , `` No realistic level of guerilla attacks of the kind carried out by the Animal Liberation Front could have hurt the battery farming industry as much as the new Austrian law does . ''
The police persecution of the animal movement appears to be an attempt by the conservative party , which controls the Ministry of the Interior , and its animal industry supporters to strike back at a legitimate , peaceful challenge to the way we treat animals .
It also appears contrary to the broad thrust of the Church 's teaching about marriage and the family as the appropriate context for rearing children . Dignitas Personae says that new human life should be `` generated through an act which expresses the reciprocal love between a man and a woman . ''
Her husband 's sperm appears to have been used , but news reports are unclear about the source of the egg .
So French President Nicholas Sarkozy and former British Prime Minister Tony Blair appear to think .
The new method spread : chickens disappeared from fields into long , windowless sheds .
So far , a relatively small number of human beings have died from the current strain of avian influenza , and it appears that they have all been in contact with infected birds .
The Revolutionary Ethics of Embryo Research What appeared to be the most momentous scientific advance of 2005 is currently under siege .
That achievement appeared to take us significantly closer to a world in which patients could be given cell or tissue transplants that their bodies would not reject , because the biological materials , cloned from the patients themselves , would be a perfect match .
In another , a man who appears to have gotten into the enclosure at night , when Sea World was closed , was found dead in the pool with Tilly .
For example , international climate-change negotiations appear to have reached an impasse , and public skepticism about global warming is rising , even as the scientific evidence continues to show that it is real and will endanger the lives of billions of people .
This approach appears paternalistic , and perhaps it is , but it could also be defended in terms of preventing people from making their children destitute , and becoming -- in a country like Norway , which provides for its poor -- a burden on the state .
Thus , she appears to view school plays as a waste of time that could be better spent studying or practicing music .
If we build raised earth parks , we will never see the people who , but for our aid , would have died ; no orphans in desperate need will appear on the nightly news .
Until now , Parfit , who is Emeritus Fellow of All Souls College , Oxford , had written only one book , Reasons and Persons , which appeared in 1984 , to great acclaim .
As the US de-couples its policy toward India from its attitude toward Pakistan , many old diplomatic hiccups should disappear .
Indeed , Obama is placed in a unique position for an American president , a position that he appears to comprehend , though his opponents in the US do not .
Likewise , it would be unwise for the US gratuitously to offer China a role in the affairs of a region that includes India itself -- something that Obama appeared to do during his visit to China earlier this year , when he mentioned China as having a role to play in Kashmir .
And the ongoing failure to talk to North Korea does not appear to be working either , as the recent shelling of South Korea demonstrates .
With the privatization of Germany 's railway , which will shortly be concluded with its listing on the stock market , these civil servants will disappear .
Whereas Keynesian theory has largely disappeared from economic textbooks in the United States , it continues to be taught everywhere in Germany .
To compensate for the disappearance of that market , and for the simultaneous disappearance of non-securitized bank lending to American homeowners , 95 % of US mortgages today are channeled through the state institutions Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and Ginnie Mae .
But the European debt crisis will not disappear into thin air by virtue of wishful thinking .
If this continues for two more years as it has for the past three , the stock of refinancing loans in Germany will disappear altogether .
While progress has been made , it appears several countries are falling behind on this pledge .
They appear immovable until the moment they are evicted by popular anger .
In 1998 , these other acts were clarified to mean false imprisonment , torture , rape , persecution of a group , enforced disappearance of persons , and apartheid .
Does extraordinary rendition not count as `` enforced disappearance of persons '' ?
Today , that first lesson appears to have been learned : various bailout and stimulus packages have stimulated depressed economies sufficiently for us to have a reasonable expectation that the worst of the slump is over .
There is nothing inevitable about the disappearance of trust .
Labor 's model of the economy implies maintaining the deficit for as long as needed , and even increasing government spending if the recovery appears to be flagging .
The problem is not just the moral inadequacy of the economic virtues , but their disappearance . Hard work and inventiveness are still rewarded , but self-restraint , thrift , and prudence surely started to vanish with the first credit card .
In its first episode , Ferguson appears amid the splendid monuments of China 's Ming Dynasty , which , in the fifteenth century , was undoubtedly the greatest civilization of the day , with its naval expeditions reaching the coasts of Africa .
What gives economics the appearance of a science is that its propositions can be expressed mathematically by abstracting from many decisive characteristics of the real world .
Finally , the wider the scale on which an energy prime mover is deployed , the longer it will take for substitutions to appear .
It initially appeared that Germany under Chancellor Angela Merkel would be more sensitive to the energy security of Central and Eastern Europe .
Although the EU Commission appears to be committed to building a more open , competitive energy market in Europe , action against Russia 's noncompetitive practices within the EU has taken a back seat to internal differences over takeover battles for national energy `` champions '' involving companies from other member states .
We must learn a new grammar of power in a world that is made up more of the common good -- or the common bad -- than of self-interest or national interest . These have n't disappeared , of course , but they are proving to be indefensible outside of a framework capable of addressing common threats and opportunities .
The EU appears to have decided that the world will be one of Great Power rivalry , and that this requires a power-politics approach to global governance .
Economic stagnation has come to appear endless . Jobs are scarce , and the future looks bleak everywhere .
Would such an articulate vision make Europe 's leaders more popular ? Maybe , and maybe not , but they would almost certainly appear more legitimate , even in the eye of their adversaries .
Google , at least for a short while , seemed to follow different guidelines in its Chinese business , appearing to adhere to its widely proclaimed ethical principle , `` Do n't be evil . ''
On Google . cn , these sources , along with the results of searches using many other forbidden terms , simply did not appear .
Indeed , through much of the Cold War , de Gaulle appeared to want to avoid having to choose sides between the United States and the Soviet Union .
Just wearing a Che t-shirt is the shortest and cheapest way to appear to be on the right side of History .
By indicting people close to Ozawa , the prosecutors appear to be acting in defense of the status quo .
Belarus seems beyond redemption , but appearances are deceptive .
The war on terror need never end ; because the terrorists are invisible , they will never disappear .
The memory of past wars has faded , and the threat posed by the Soviet Union has disappeared .
Since 1980 , regulations have been progressively relaxed until they practically disappeared .
But appearances can be deceiving .
The oldest distinction of homo sapiens - ritual burial of the dead - is disappearing .
The plea for a single European regulator -LRB- a `` European SEC '' -RRB- is , at the moment , misguided : there is no legal basis in the Treaty -LRB- or in the draft constitution -RRB- , member states ' legal systems are too different , rules are not sufficiently harmonized , and Community law appears to be moving towards decentralization .
Although recovery in advanced countries remains fragile , developing countries appear to have weathered the storm .
And , because there is no strategic reason to run large surpluses , with an excess of savings over investment , maintaining reasonable balance on the current account appears to be the preferred course .
Elites , after all , failed to see the crisis coming and to take steps to prevent it , and some of them appear to be the only ones who are recovering : profits are up , but employment is not .
NEW YORK -- For many , if not most , Americans , the crisis that befell them in 2008 -- leading to slow growth , rising unemployment , and high anxiety among voters -- appeared to spring from nowhere .
Worryingly , QE2 appears to be viewed in the US as a growth strategy , which it is n't , unless one believes that low interest rates will reverse the private-sector deleveraging process , raise consumption , and lower savings -- neither a likely nor a desirable scenario .
And emerging-market growth returned to pre-crisis levels and appears to be sustainable , helped by unorthodox policies designed to `` sterilize '' massive capital inflows .
While wages and incomes are rising now and appear to have broken the iron grip of the surplus labor pool , the growth pattern requires this structural demand-side shift toward more disposable income , greater government consumption , and high-return investment .
Global brands should start to appear , and government ownership of enterprises will continue to diminish .
Indeed , despite massive imbalances and huge disparities in the level of private and public debt across the euro area , interest-rate spreads on government bonds disappeared in the run-up to the crisis .
We therefore expect a shift toward earlier reproduction , because the costs previously associated with doing so have disappeared -- exactly what we found in Framingham .
The world 's economic powers finally appear to be closing ranks behind efforts to address global poverty and economic underdevelopment .
The parties that still support Sharia have largely disappeared or changed their platform .
Expressions of this notion appear frequently in popular culture .
Even if a bailout plan were implemented quickly -- which appears increasingly unlikely -- there would be some credit contraction .
Most American financial leaders seemed too embarrassed to make an appearance .
The stimulus package appears big -- more than 2 % of GDP per year -- but one-third of it goes to tax cuts .
The pre-crisis profits of banks -- one-third of all corporate profits -- appear to have been a mirage .
In 2009 , we again see why Adam Smith 's invisible hand often appears invisible : it is not there .
Whenever an economy goes into recession , deficits appear , as tax revenues fall faster than expenditures .
Even the commitment of the accord to provide amounts approaching $ 30 billion for the period 2010-2012 for adaptation and mitigation appears paltry next to the hundreds of billions of dollars that have been doled out to the banks in the bailouts of 2008-2009 .
With soaring deficits , a second stimulus appears unlikely , and , with monetary policy at its limits and inflation hawks being barely kept at bay , there is little hope of help from that department , either .
No one should be surprised at what has now happened : the private market has essentially disappeared .
Even though 10 % of US households with mortgages had already lost their homes , the pace of foreclosures appeared to be increasing -- or would have , were it not for legal snafus that raised doubts about America 's vaunted `` rule of law . ''
It appears that a new IMF has gradually , and cautiously , emerged under the leadership of Dominique Strauss-Kahn .
Al Qaeda , while not conquered , no longer appears to be the threat that loomed so large in the wake of the 9\/11 attacks .
To be sure , there has been the normal inflation associated with large increases in import prices that always follow large devaluations , but rather than setting off a spiral of price increases , inflation rates appear to be dampening .
But America today appears less safe .
What mattered was not a company 's long-term strength but its short-term appearance .
With the wrong incentives , with the kinds of incentives that were in place in corporate America , a drive for the creation of the appearance of wealth took hold , at the cost of actual wealth .
So far , there appears to be no rush to make amends in South Africa , and , as elsewhere , the evidence is meager that the corporate conscience runs very deep .
Today , a majority of Swedes appear likely to vote no. .
Today , the Stability Pact appears frayed .
It appears that the selection of the new IMF managing director will be no more open than the last .
The typical American family knows that it is worse off today than it was four years ago , and appears unconvinced that the tax cuts targeted at upper-income Americans brought the benefits heralded by the Bush administration .
America 's troubled private pension system -- now several hundred billion dollars in debt -- already appears headed for a government bailout .
It has been exploring new ways of `` delivering '' aid , sometimes using state and local governments where that appears more effective .
In any case , not much weight , in my judgment , should be given to the IMF 's statistical studies of the impact of foreign aid on growth , partly because the results do not appear to be very robust .
Perhaps another occurred in 1998 , when the Fed lowered interest rates in the face of what appeared to be an impending global financial crisis .
Of course , if , say , by 2008 the disappearing national debt really did appear to pose an imminent danger , Congress would have happily obliged in cutting taxes or increasing expenditures .
This is less startling than it may appear : econometric studies suggest that it takes a year to two before the full effects of oil-price increases are felt .
While export subsidies appear more obviously `` trade distorting , '' America 's cotton and other subsidies are in fact almost as bad .
Indeed , the study may actually significantly underestimate the costs : for instance , climate change may lead to more weather variability , a possible disappearance or major shift of the Gulf Stream -- of particular concern to Europe -- and a flourishing of disease .
The Maldives and a host of Pacific Island states will disappear : our twenty-first-century Atlantis .
The advanced countries might mean Bangladesh and the disappearing island states no harm , but no war could be more devastating .
It now appears , however , that some of the boom of the last years of the 1990s was as much a mirage as the collapsed boom of East Asia .
The deficit does not disappear ; it just moves on .
Inequality appears to have been on the rise in recent decades at the international level and in most countries .
Similar differences between Italy and other European countries appeared in a `` Eurobarometer '' survey carried out in the early 1990s .
The path to a parliamentary model is more familiar in Europe , and at first it may appear safer .
This might appear surprising .
His predecessor , Francois Mitterand , was elected president for the first time in 1981 , and made his first appearance in government in 1956 .
So the future in Asia now appears to belong to China , whose economic growth supports that of neighboring countries -- and whose mercantilism is prevailing in the region .
China 's government therefore appears ready to allow the renminbi to appreciate , the question being how fast .
Unfortunately , Japan 's public officials appear incapable of similar flexibility .
Moreover , Japan 's relations with the US , which had suffered since the Democratic Party of Japan came to power two years ago , appear to have emerged from the disaster stronger than ever .
But this idea has created confusion among Brazil 's trading partners and investors , and does not appear to be making headway .
Bangladesh is in a better position to weather the global financial storm than most Asian countries , because its banks are not over-exposed and its garment industry focuses on the lower end of the market , which , so far , appears to be holding up .
The Uribe-Lula-Calderón axis appears set on keeping him there .
That backing appeared to be part of Chávez 's `` Bolivarian '' socialist revolution , which has used Venezuela 's petrodollars to bankroll left-wing governments in Ecuador , Bolivia , and Cuba in the hope of building up a regional anti-American alliance .
The BNP appears to view religious extremism as a tool to break the power of the opposition Awami League , which is largely supported by the secular and urban middle classes .
What Ahmedinejad appears to want are bargaining chips to secure the release of 6 Iranians who were aiding the Iraqi insurgency before being captured by the US .
A `` bamboo '' economic zone appears to be emerging , perhaps to replace today 's weakening US-centric trans-Pacific ties .
Only one Latin American country -LRB- Haiti -RRB- appears in the group of low HDI countries , while the rest are in the medium and high HDI groups .
But this aim does not appear to be creating a European identity , as the euro has .
That great staple of political rhetoric appears to have been buried across the developing world .
The recent emergence of a United States-India partnership appears to have convinced China 's rulers that India has become an instrument for the `` containment '' of China .
Worse yet , we have all known the shame of waiting day after day for India to appear on the list at all , as countries a hundredth our size record gold upon gold and Indian athletes are barely mentioned among the also-rans .
Issues like sanctions on Iran , the stop-and-start Middle East peace process , and the world 's response to a likely change of leadership in North Korea , will almost certainly appear on the Council 's agenda as well .
If you restrict your search to randomized controlled trials , generally considered the most reliable design for investigating the efficacy of treatments , still more than 3,200 hits appear .
The authorities agreed to open this facility to the IAEA only after its existence was confirmed by commercial satellite imagery , and they appear to have swept the underground halls of whatever equipment was installed before the inspectors arrived .
And recent referendums in the Amazonian provinces of Beni and Pando appeared to have exacerbated this sense of potential national fracturing .
In addition , the US appears to be seeking to avoid open antagonism with Morales .
In Colombia , Álvaro Uribe -LRB- 2002-2006 , 2006-2010 -RRB- , in power since 2002 , got his chance for a first re-election in 2006 through a questionable constitutional reform , and appears set to try for a third term by forcing a referendum to amend the constitution again .
In short , Latin America appears to be becoming a region of democracy by plebiscite .
The greatest cause of concern , however , is that the military question has reappeared .
The military question -- believed to have been resolved after the region 's transition to democracy which came with the Cold War 's end , the effort to achieve regional integration , and the push toward globalization -- has reappeared .
But Colombia does not seem to want continuity at any price ; instead it now appears to favor moderate revision of what Uribe has built over the past decade .
If , as appears increasingly likely , Mockus becomes president , his agenda promises to be prudent -- neither a leap into the void nor immobilized by the need for profound changes .
Although women 's soccer in Africa is as old as the republics themselves -LRB- the first teams appeared in West Africa in early 1960 -RRB- , soccer on the continent is still a man 's sport .
Moreover , `` the US housing market appears to be stabilizing ... Overall , the US mortgage market has remained resilient , although the sub-prime segment has deteriorated a bit more rapidly than had been expected . ''
According to the `` new quota formula , '' members that issue international reserve currencies still appear to be those with more `` potential need to borrow '' from the IMF . This is laughable .
In early October , Putin wrote a newspaper article that proclaimed what appears to be his reigning foreign-policy goal : a Eurasian Union of former Soviet states .
Parallels between Rogozin and Saakashvili appear even more logical in view of the current situation in the Caucasus .
It is increasingly likely that Saakashvili 's policy is aimed at instigating bloodshed in South Ossetia or Abkhazia and putting all the blame on Russia - a strategy that appears designed to bring the Americans to the region eventually .
It can be dangerous to start one 's electoral campaign before other candidates , but sometimes , if one starts much earlier than everyone else , serious rivals never appear .
Official forecasts for Russian GDP growth in 2009 remain positive , but most analysts , including government officials , are bracing for a severe recession -- which , indeed , appears to have started in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
For , while the simplified pre-crisis conventional wisdom appeared to provide a complete set of answers resting on a unified intellectual system and methodology , really good economic thinking must provide multiple partial insights , based on varied analytical approaches .
In the public 's eyes , the focus on such institutions appears justified by the huge costs of financial rescue .
But when we look back on this crisis in , say , ten years , what may be striking is how small the direct costs of rescue will appear .
Yet no nuclear-armed country currently appears to be preparing for a future without these terrifying devices .
The danger in Zimbabwe appears to be comparable .
Instead , the ideals for which we struggled appear as slogans invoked by those who want to protect their vested interests .
An economy that appears arbitrary and illegitimate in the eyes of the majority of people may , for a time , run on the false confidence of easy profits .
Unfortunately , in the aftermath of the Cold War , it has often been assumed that Russia 's hostile intentions have disappeared , and foreign policy toward Russia has been conducted as if traditional diplomatic considerations no longer apply .
But the only thing that Russia appears to be concerned about is that , whatever successor regime emerges , it is willing to do the Kremlin 's bidding .
I have even found myself in supposed `` automobile accidents , '' an epidemic of which appears to effect President Kuchma 's opponents .
Economic borders can not and will not disappear until Russia and Ukraine agree on their territorial borders .
But the 2011 surge appears to be rooted in broader commodity scarcity than before .
The demand outlook thus appears favorable for the coal industry , creating significant investment opportunities .
Junta leader Senior General Than Shwe `` lost face '' and promptly disappeared from public view so completely that some Burmese thought he had died .
At first glance , the almost constant bombardment of integration proposals in Latin America makes it appear as if the region 's presidents are trying to outdo each other in seeing who can come up with the greatest number of proposals .
With imports still growing strongly and commodity prices beginning to fall as a result of the world slowdown , Argentina 's large trade surplus is disappearing quickly .
The same impulse appears to be at work behind Italy 's policy on Autostrade , Spain 's on Endesa , Poland 's on its banking sector , the former Swedish Prime Minister 's on Volvo , German unease about `` locust '' - like funds on Deutsche Börse , or the United Kingdom 's ever louder defense of the London Stock Exchange 's independence from the United States .
In subsequent years , the US employed additional delaying tactics , working with the IDB to move the goal posts whenever Haiti appeared to be meeting their demands .
But the 2007 licensing round appears to have been rushed through to raise cash during the dying days of the Obasanjo administration , and it would serve India 's government well to watch this process closely , too .
There appears to be no single answer .
The `` competition of ideas '' appears to be confined to al-Qaeda 's jihadi agenda .
At the beginning of his first term , Schröder appeared to be a modern social democrat who understood business .
As a result , substance dependence would disappear as a valid category .
It is in this context that we can see why Asian leaders appear two-faced or unreliable in the eyes of Europe and the US .
Mahathir appears to have been spurred on by the successes of the neighboring island-state of Singapore , briefly a part of Malaysia , on its swift march to First World status .
The tightness of the race makes a second-round run-off vote appear certain .
This does not appear to have been overtaken by globalization .
The world everyone knew simply and inexplicably seemed to disappear .
In order not to appear intimidated by Russia 's forceful dismemberment of Georgia , NATO governments have publicly reaffirmed their support for Georgia 's territorial integrity and the country 's desire to join NATO eventually .
But other major changes in China 's development strategies that appear to be taking place have attracted far less notice .
On the contrary , the initial benefits that peasants gained from the rural reforms of the late 1970 's and early 1980 's have disappeared ; real income among farmers has dropped in recent years as their production costs rise and agricultural prices decline .
It appears unlikely that a single party will emerge from the election with enough parliamentary seats to govern on its own .
Evidence from El Salvador would appear to bear this point out : the Salvadoran police are widely regarded as stronger and more efficient , but crime rates remain roughly on a par with Guatemala .
But , given current progress and high capital costs , this appears overly optimistic .
Key opposition figures such as former Minister of the Interior Yuri Zakharenko and Victor Gonchar began to disappear and are feared dead . Indeed , leaked governmental information implicates several high-ranking representatives of the Lukashenko regime in these disappearances .
In the past , Russia winked at suppression of the opposition . Now , as President Putin focuses on rebuilding Russia 's economy , mixed feelings are appearing in Moscow about the antics of their erstwhile ally in Minsk .
The cycle of fundamental discovery , technological development , revelation of undesirable consequences , and public aversion appears unbreakable .
The production , use , and disposal of nanomaterials will inevitably lead to their appearance in air , water , soils , or organisms .
The idea of reforming the system by introducing a supranational reserve currency is also , it appears , supported by Russia and other emerging markets .
But , after studying some mechanics and using their imaginations , the physicist-fish realize that they could deduce much simpler laws of motion by supposing that they are surrounded by a medium -LRB- water ! -RRB- that complicates the appearance of things .
The proximate cause of price growth since mid-2007 is the appearance of production bottlenecks as domestic demand exceeds supply in an increasing number of sectors , such as power generation , transportation , and intermediate-goods industries .
The evolution of the NPT - its adaptation to new environments and problems that were not anticipated at the time of its adoption - appeared to ensure the Treaty 's continuing effective implementation .
It should have disappeared when the Soviet Union collapsed and the Warsaw Pact evaporated ; its job was done .
One Egyptian actor was boycotted at home for merely appearing in Cannes with an Israeli actress .
While the fiscal savings may appear attractive to Cameron in the short term , for the British people -- and for the rest of the world , which benefits from Britain 's liveliness , civilization , and tradition of democracy -- the cost is far too high .
But when I traveled in Muslim countries and was invited to join a discussion in women-only settings within Muslim homes , I learned that Muslim attitudes toward women 's appearance and sexuality are not rooted in repression , but in a strong sense of public versus private , of what is due to God and what is due to one 's husband .
But , compared to the aftermath of the catastrophic Kobe earthquake of 1995 , when the authorities appeared to wash their hands of the victims ' miseries , the difference could hardly be greater .
Indeed , they now appear to have forgotten their role in hampering the DPJ 's effort to create an effective political coordinating body for the country .
The term `` stoicism '' appears over and over in media coverage of Japan 's calamity .
Alan Greenspan 's recent speech to a conference of bankers in Berlin -- admitting the desirability of `` insurance '' against the risk of deflation in the US , even if it has not yet appeared -- focused attention on a crucial issue .
China 's Decrepit Population China 's government finally appears to be acknowledging the urgent challenges presented by the country 's aging population .
Already , in the Yangtze and Pearl River Deltas , where manufacturing activity is the densest , labor shortages have appeared .
Europe appears to be more stuck than ever .
Parliamentary supremacy , one of the key issues in any country 's democratization , appears to be at hand in Kuwait .
As a result , the West 's strategic choices appear inherently anti-Islamic to countless of its young Muslims .
Most commentators appear to think that Bush 's latest prescription -- a surge of 20,000 additional troops to suppress the militias in Baghdad -- will , at best , merely postpone the inevitable death of his dream of a democratic Iraq .
But the truly curious factor that might bring success to Bush is that those who have opposed or resented America 's presence in Iraq , such as the Iranian-backed Shi'a parties now also appear to want Bush 's new strategy to succeed .
In response to America 's failed policies in the Middle East , whether in Iraq , Iran , Syria , Lebanon , or Palestine , Russia appears to be using its oil-fired wealth to knit together a new bloc to counter the US presence .
In the short term Russia armed with high oil prices has nothing to lose but in the long term , Russia 's policy in the Middle East appears to be doubly misguided .
Many previously released Guantánamo inmates have disappeared underground .
But 2009 was the year that democracy appeared to take root in the region -- and yet the future looks as bleak as ever .
Frozen states appear more stable in the short term , as oil revenues still buys subservience and submission of most of the subjects , but stability coincides with the possibility of increasing violence and civil unrest , owing to widespread grievances over sectarian rule .
The frightening state in the region is the United States , which , following the terrorist attacks of September 2001 , was anxious to bring about democratic regime change -- a failed policy that now appears to have left the US unable to leave .
The attempted bombing of a Detroit-bound airliner on Christmas Day by a young Nigerian man trained by Al Qaeda in Yemen appeared to open the West 's eyes to the country 's problems .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's hands . Saleh wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
Indeed , all Yemenis -- Houthis , Harak , and even al-Hashids -- appear united in their opposition to Saleh 's ailing regime and in their quest for civil and human rights .
Saleh , emboldened by Gates ' remarks , immediately appeared on television and ordered all opponents to leave Yemen , as if millions of Yemenis would simply desert the country , leaving him and his family to reside in peace .
Finally , the US now appears to have concluded that Saleh 's regime can not be revived .
They appeared prominently -- eloquent and outspoken , marching daily , holding caricatures of dictators and chanting calls for democratic change .
Yet , despite such threats , thousands of Saudi women joined `` We are all Manal al Sharif '' on Facebook , and countless other videos of women driving have appeared on YouTube since her arrest .
Like Mamal , they , too , have been detained , and the government appears determined to prosecute them .
That stance appears to have been contagious , because the United States , too , has done everything possible to change the subject whenever the Saudi role in the 9\/11 attacks is raised .
Their new leader , King Abdullah , appears to have legitimacy because of his seniority in the family .
But Naif -LRB- age 77 -RRB- , his full brothers - including Sultan -LRB- age 82 -RRB- - and their supporters within the Wahhabi establishment appear too entrenched to allow that to happen .
`` Economic strangulation '' of North Korea appears to be the fallback option . Strengthening and tightening United Nations Security Council Resolution 1718 , crafted in the wake of North Korea 's first nuclear test in October 2006 , should be the immediate task .
Only people linked to the regime appear to differ .
Instead , Russia is ruled by `` yes men '' who are only able to agree and echo : `` As you say , Mr. Prime Minister ... '' ; `` As you wish , Mr. President ... '' One reason is that the country 's leadership now appears to be digesting the same garbage information it feeds to the public .
Elsewhere , that will become clear in the first half of 2010 ; in Russia , signs of recovery , if they appear at all , will lag well behind the rest of the world .
It is a hatred that did not disappear with Nazism , and that one can still , 65 years after the liberation of Auschwitz , glimpse in terrifying manifestations .
Judging from the recent evolution of Ecuadorian bond yields , it appears that markets have not punished Ecuador 's behavior : Ecuador , an oil exporter blessed by the 2009 recovery in oil prices , could have returned to the capital markets shortly after the exchange .
If Europe credibly volunteered funds to buy back all Greek debt , the Greek risk premium would disappear and private investors would be fully bailed out .
Benefits would appear almost immediately , but would dissipate over time as economies developed .
But the lessons of the past seem to be too distant in policymakers ' minds these days , whereas domestic political pressure to put national economies first appears overwhelming .
The government was too generous in helping revive real-estate demand , and , overwhelmed by fear of the negative impact of falling asset prices on economic growth , has been too cautious in dealing with bubbles when they have reappeared .
If it does , will global imbalances disappear sooner ?
But if the US fails to narrow its savings gap , its current-account deficit will not disappear , regardless of where the dollar goes .
According to the Organization of Women 's Freedom in Iraq -LRB- OWFI -RRB- , formed in Baghdad in 2003 , women are harassed if they appear in the streets of most Iraqi cities and towns , educational institutions , or work places .
They simply do not care about others the way most people do , and the dysfunctional processing of oxytocin in their brains appears to be one reason for this .
With the greater number of medications approved for the treatment of bipolar disorder , along with multiple reports cautioning clinicians against under-diagnosis , it appears that over-diagnosis has become a greater problem than under-diagnosis .
CHICAGO -- The launch of two European antitrust investigations into the market for credit default swaps -LRB- CDS -RRB- might appear to be no more than a political vendetta against one of the alleged culprits behind the 2010 European sovereign-debt crisis .
