The old do not work , and a smaller and smaller share of the population -LRB- the disappearing young -RRB- is taxed to support them .
In turn , the high tax rates needed to support the old discourage the young from working , creating a vicious cycle : ever increasing tax rates on a disappearing labor force , lower growth rates , and fewer resources available to support those that retire at 60 and live into their 90 's .
It would be an exaggeration to compare the situation to the way the Nazis took over institutions in Germany in the 1930s , and to how people back then fell in line , because no one is disappearing into concentration camps .
Ever since Laurent Fabius took a hit in the polls when he mocked her candidacy by asking , `` Who will mind the children ? '' , her opponents have feared appearing misogynous when attacking her , and when they do criticize her , she immediately assumes the pose of innocent victim , unfairly bashed by schoolboy bullies .
In each country where conflict is present or emerging -LRB- Bolivia , Guatemala , El Salvador , Paraguay , and Ecuador -RRB- the hard-left will push hard , the democracies will look the other way , and Obama will either give in -LRB- as at the OAS -RRB- and pay a domestic political price , or step back from Latin America , for fear of appearing isolated .
As a result , new strains are appearing in China 's relationship with the West , and were in full view at last year 's Copenhagen climate-change summit , where China -- the world 's largest polluter with the fastest-growing carbon emissions -- cleverly deflected pressure by hiding behind developing countries .
In Germany in the 1950s , there were many complaints about old Nazis reappearing in a democratic guise and occupying important positions .
Almost every day there are new warnings , with heavily armed policemen in the streets , concrete barriers appearing in front of embassies and public buildings , stricter controls at airports and elsewhere - each a daily reminder of the insecurity that surrounds us .
The Disappearing Sky
The Disappearing Sky Some months ago , an American astronaut accidentally let a tool escape into orbit , eliciting concern about its hazardous potential as a hurtling object that could destroy an expensive satellite or even threaten lives aloft .
This pitiful performance incites angry cries that American jobs are disappearing abroad , and that low-cost exports may result in deflation .
With preparations for the party 's November congress in full swing , a conflict that goes back to the party 's founding is reappearing . On one side is a social-democratic vision , which basically favors the market economy but seeks to alleviate its harsher effects ; on the other side stands a radical vision that extols a revolutionary `` break with capitalism . ''
Few would argue that the Moon is more wondrous and enchanting than when it is near the horizon , appearing closer and looming larger than when it is high in the sky .
Another consideration essential to fighting a proxy war is to prevent the proxy from appearing the stooge of the principal agent .
The legitimacy of the proxies to their own people -- the Afghanis -- depends on their appearing to be independent of the Americans .
If Obama wants to encourage moderate and democratic politics in South America , and to bolster Brazil 's efforts to foster stability and economic progress against the region 's radical and undemocratic forces , it must take greater care in not appearing to undermine those the US claims to support .
But that stability is now disappearing fast -- along with the fundamental consensus on which it rested .
As a result , central banks ran the risk of no longer appearing to follow a clearly formulated policy guideline .
But when the IMF reemerged after 2008 as a central global institution , with DSK appearing to reorient it with substantial political and economic skill , he started to look again like a threat to Sarkozy 's re-election bid .
Thanks to German manufacturers , pianos were no longer restricted to aristocratic salons or the professional middle class , but began appearing in respectable working-class homes .
But that theory meshed with suspicious ease with the perceived domestic political need for the president to appear `` tough '' -- to avoid appearing `` less of a hawk than your more respectable opponents , '' as Bundy later put it .
But the rest of the world paid no attention to the vague pronouncements of a possible launch that had been appearing in the Soviet press ; everybody outside the Soviet Union knew the United States would launch the world 's first satellite .
The Bush administration 's incoherent foreign policy included a plan to build a missile defense shield in Poland and the Czech Republic , which allowed Putin to revive the Old Europe\/New Europe divisions that began with the Iraq war , with this split appearing to enhance Russian influence on the continent .
The point is rather to integrate values , standards , and attitudes of ethical-religious traditions that , while appearing in each culture in a specific form , are common to all , and that can be supported by non-religious people as well .
Such `` private '' billboards kept appearing for about a year with varying themes .
We hear constantly about how the Arctic sea ice is disappearing faster than expected , and this is true .
But in the two years since , the costs have been well below average , virtually disappearing in 2006 .
Giving strong support to South Korea 's initiatives offers a splendid opportunity for the OECD countries to show that , though they remain proud of the disappearing post-WWII world , they do not fear the new world that is emerging .
But Russia 's population is disappearing before our eyes .
The working class is disappearing in modern France and what 's left of it tends to go more to the extreme-right than to the extreme-left .
As America 's legitimacy diminishes , new actors are appearing on the world stage -- or returning for an encore .
The party actively supports Putin , but refrained from appearing in televised debates , possibly because it has no charismatic leaders of its own who can excite the public with sharp polemics .
Women complained of not being heard , of men disappearing after work to tinker in the garage or zone out in front of the TV .
If governments let no outside entity investigate the circumstances of such deaths , what will keep them from `` disappearing '' whomever they take into custody , for whatever reason ?
But , above all , he has tried hard to secure Republican support for his efforts to prevent the economy from disappearing into a deep recessionary hole .
The West has courted trouble in appearing to isolate the Pashtun .
Economic recovery is all about jobs , not output , and politicians are willing to push for economic stimulus , both fiscal -LRB- tax cuts or government spending -RRB- and monetary -LRB- lower short-term interest rates -RRB- , until jobs start reappearing .
Alternatives to a debt restructuring are fast disappearing .
But psychology also matters in speculative markets , and perhaps that image of the Greenland ice disappearing makes it seem all too plausible that everything else -- land , water , even fresh air -- is running out too .
Google , at least for a short while , seemed to follow different guidelines in its Chinese business , appearing to adhere to its widely proclaimed ethical principle , `` Do n't be evil . ''
The oldest distinction of homo sapiens - ritual burial of the dead - is disappearing .
Of course , if , say , by 2008 the disappearing national debt really did appear to pose an imminent danger , Congress would have happily obliged in cutting taxes or increasing expenditures .
The advanced countries might mean Bangladesh and the disappearing island states no harm , but no war could be more devastating .
With imports still growing strongly and commodity prices beginning to fall as a result of the world slowdown , Argentina 's large trade surplus is disappearing quickly .
In the past , Russia winked at suppression of the opposition . Now , as President Putin focuses on rebuilding Russia 's economy , mixed feelings are appearing in Moscow about the antics of their erstwhile ally in Minsk .
One Egyptian actor was boycotted at home for merely appearing in Cannes with an Israeli actress .
