General Musharraf appeared on the national scene on October 12 , 1999 , when he ousted an elected government and announced an ambitious `` nation-building '' project .
A seamless transition appeared possible .
The Warriors of God is one of a handful of radical , al-Qaeda-inspired groups to have appeared in the Gaza Strip in recent months , first coming to public attention in June after claiming responsibility for a failed horseback attack on Israel from Gaza .
The organization and allocation of power in the UN , the IMF , the World Bank , and the G7 meetings reflects a global equilibrium that disappeared long ago .
Accordingly , references to the need for pushing ahead with reforms have disappeared from his speeches .
At times an old woman in traditional dress appeared to feed the animals .
The amount of marble used for renovation seemed excessive , and the understanding of what constitutes luxury appeared to correspond to the standards of a Holiday Inn .
With this single error , he has undermined what had appeared to be a robust post-revolutionary course for the first and only theocracy in modern history . The cries of `` God is Great ! '' have now been overtaken by chants of `` Death to the Dictator ! '' in recent demonstrations in Tehran , Tabriz , Shiraz , and other Iranian cities .
Last spring China appeared to have locked up a Russian commitment to build a pipeline to service the China market at Daqing .
But , having curried favor with Russia 's media , they were unaccustomed to criticism -- and rendered helpless when it appeared .
Nor has the old regime disappeared .
After 16 years of negotiations , Russia appeared poised to join the WTO within a couple of months .
KIEV -- Two years ago , five of the ten new East European members of the European Union -- the three Baltic states , Hungary , and Romania -- appeared to be devastated by the global financial crisis .
The country 's two biggest drug gangs , the Sinaloa and Tamaulipas organizations , were once rivals , but are now allied against their former partners -- the Vicente Carrillo Fuentes , Beltrán-Leyva , and Zetas organizations -- which appeared during Mexico 's long period of one-party rule by the Institutional Revolutionary Party -LRB- PRI -RRB- .
For many years , the AKP appeared to many in the region and elsewhere as a model for a democratic party with Islamic roots .
The IMF should also be more proactive and speak with greater candor in systemically important countries , where shortcomings in financial supervision and crisis management have appeared .
Some people responded opportunistically , seeing the way to promotion open as talented colleagues disappeared .
From now on , it appeared to Israelis , the US will treat all states the same when it comes to nuclear weapons .
Nevertheless , this move appeared to be all that was needed for Islam-minded voters to return to the fold of the ruling front .
For some time now America has appeared to be intent on discarding the basic ordering instrument of relations between states - international treaties and the institutions that watch over them .
Often , jobs that would have disappeared anyway , owing to high costs in the US and other rich countries , have resurfaced where costs are lower , thus providing services that would have been lost otherwise .
With the rise of the business corporation , large family firms have generally disappeared .
These shifts will be gradual , persistent , and less predictable than what investors had come to expect during the deceptive calm of the euro 's first decade , when the currency union 's establishment , together with EU enlargement and liberalization , appeared to create a stable and benign environment .
Economic globalization risked provoking a backlash by provincial populists , while the external enemy -- the glue that held the neo-conservative movement together -- had disappeared .
Encompassing all big emerging economies , this appeared to be the most effective way to muster the legitimacy denied to the G-7 .
A Black and White Question NEW YORK -- In the afternoon of July 16 two men appeared to be breaking into a fine house in an expensive area of Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Yet the rhetoric of idealism has not quite disappeared .
While demonstrations of collective identity have not entirely disappeared , they are largely confined to football stadiums , where celebration -LRB- and disappointment -RRB- can quickly boil over in violence and resentment .
Serious problems appeared to be skirted , deliberately hidden , or played down .
Indeed , Japan 's powerful bureaucrats , normally assumed to know what they are doing , appeared to be as helpless as elected politicians .
In particular , they have been monitoring the body count of senior North Korean officials who have suddenly retired , disappeared , or died in automobile accidents .
In addition , Pak Nam-gi , the senior finance ministry official considered responsible for North Korea 's botched issuance of a new currency last year , has disappeared , and Kim Yong-il , North Korea 's prime minister , was fired on June 7 .
A great Eurasian bloc suddenly appeared in opposition to America 's hegemonic global pretensions , prefiguring a new fluidity in geopolitical relationships , if not a tectonic shift in alignments .
Emigration is at historic highs , and a new rebel force has appeared in the form of an aggressive - and potent - rightwing paramilitary army .
Even the questionable deal Uribe cut with the right-wing paramilitary AUC groups , pardoning up to 30,000 of their members for often horrendous crimes in exchange for their disarmament , appeared successful .
Even the questionable deal Uribe cut with the right-wing paramilitary AUC groups , pardoning up to 30,000 of their members for often horrendous crimes in exchange for their disarmament , appeared successful .
Many of Rivero 's old friends feared that talking to the poet would endanger them , and he appeared lonely .
Earlier , in 1995 , China installed its own Panchen Lama after its security services abducted the Tibetans ' six-year-old appointee , who has simply disappeared , along with his family .
China had several possible motives for staging his `` escape , '' including a desire to strengthen his claim to the title at a time when the rival contender -LRB- backed by important interests in India , Bhutan , and Taiwan -RRB- appeared to be gaining ground .
In Eastern Europe , the old leaders initially disappeared from the scene , but not for long .
Even post-War Germany 's acclaimed , miracle-working Economics Minister , Ludwig Erhard , was deeply unpopular in the early 1950s , because it appeared as if only a few were getting rich , while most West Germans remained poor or got poorer .
A more relevant example may well be Turkey , where Islamist movements were dissolved by the courts ; when they reappeared in a different guise , they had to undergo severe tests .
Francis Fukuyama 's End of History and Samuel Huntington 's Clash of Civilisations appeared within a mere three years of each other in the 1990 's , and a decade later the return of religion to politics is visible for all to see -- and for many to suffer .
And when it became possible to manipulate DNA in vitro , the metaphor of a `` genetic program '' appeared even more precise : scientists could construct experiments that corresponded to the reprogramming of cells merely by working on symbols in silicon .
One plotter in the attack of September 11 , 2001 , appeared before ordinary courts in Germany .
Huge deficits reappeared .
At the end of the nineteenth century the huge amount of investment and technological progress in America 's railroads appeared to benefit everyone but the stockholders and bondholders of railroad companies , as bust followed boom and ramming worthless securities down the throats of investors became Wall Street 's favorite sport .
A little more than a century and a half ago the United States appeared willing to go to war with the world 's only superpower of the time to try to turn Vancouver , British Columbia , into a city ruled from Washington , D.C. rather than from Ottawa or London .
India appeared mired in stagnation .
Instead , the keys to growth and development appeared to lie beyond an increase in capital intensity as measured by capital-output ratios : skills , education , technology broadly understood , and improvements in organizational management .
? Recapitalization of banks that appeared very vulnerable ;
On the witness stand these Albanians often appeared to Serbs as foolish or disingenuous or both .
In other words , Russia is being allowed to re-assert its `` sphere of influence '' -- a concept that should have been superceded by that of `` Europe Whole and Free , '' which the entire European Union appeared to have embraced when communism collapsed .
When Europe 's division ended , an opportunity to recreate the Baltic 's traditional free movements of people , ideas and merchandise - all of which once contributed mightily to regional prosperity - suddenly appeared .
They were picked up from the mass graves that appeared around Srebrenica .
Blade technologies then disappeared and reappeared cyclically in these areas , and in some regions , such as Australia , they only appeared a few thousand years ago .
Similarly , standardized tools produced by both Neanderthals and Moderns appeared 80,000 years ago .
To be sure , sophisticated bone tools , such as harpoons , spear points , and awls , seem to have appeared in Africa 90,000 years ago , much earlier than in the rest of the world .
`` Modern '' behavior may have appeared in different regions and among different groups of humans , much as would happen later in history with the inventions of agriculture , writing , and transport .
The past was , of course , far from perfect , but governments and peoples everywhere appeared more capable of tolerating failure .
But all signs of conflict within Russia 's supreme leadership of two -- Putin and Medvedev -- have disappeared .
But it has not appeared yet , and it may be adequately contained if it does .
But , after the World Bank revised China 's GDP in PPP terms downward by 40 % , that undervaluation disappeared .
At that time , it appeared that a similar breakthrough in western Sudan would follow .
The Soviet Union and its empire quietly disappeared , and with them the Cold War international order .
Long before you have a liberal democracy , you have to have a functioning state -LRB- something that never disappeared in Germany or Japan after they were defeated in World War II -RRB- .
As the number of post-intervention reviews increases , a rudimentary framework for evaluating the impact of NGOs has appeared .
This threat evidently motivated Medvedev to speak out in November : `` It is no secret , '' Medvedev wrote in his blog , `` that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared . ''
For most of the postwar era , governments appeared to have learned the lesson of that time .
Indeed , multilateral trade agreements were being eclipsed by bilateral deals , such as between the EU and various developing countries , long before the divisions over Iraq appeared .
These brave women constituted the only opposition that dared to confront the savage military junta in the late 1970 's , demanding to know the fate of their `` disappeared '' children .
Two million jobs disappeared in the last four months alone . The housing market continues to deteriorate . America 's GDP is contracting at an almost unprecedented rate .
What little chance there was of the US backing any global plan to limit or tax carbon emissions has disappeared .
Over the past ten years of economic transformation , unimaginable wealth has unaccountably disappeared from banks and companies ; billions in taxes go unpaid .
Unfortunately , the way of thinking that supported Communist dictatorships has not disappeared entirely .
According to the American scientist who was invited to see it , the facility , in contrast to the regime 's aging plutonium technology , appeared to be state-of-the-art , thus reinforcing the suspicion that North Korea has no genuine interest whatsoever in fulfilling its nuclear-disarmament responsibilities .
Hundreds of millions of dollars in relief funds received from abroad mysteriously disappeared .
For many people , the introduction of the euro meant not only that currency risk -- i.e. , the risk of devaluation -- had disappeared , but also that all euro-zone members now belonged to an economic area of monetary stability and , thanks to the discipline of the Stability and Growth Pact , of fiscal stability .
In September , the ousted president of Honduras , Manuel Zelaya , reappeared in the country inside the Brazilian embassy in Tegucigalpa after three months of exile .
For much of the post-1945 period , these divisions disappeared as right and left fought battles for redistribution within national economies .
Between 1995 and 1997 , Explorer almost completely eradicated Navigator , although Navigator had initially opened up the World Wide Web for most users and its dominance appeared unassailable .
Its cultural manifestations also appeared to be novel .
The Great Depression ended this imitative surge in which the universal bank appeared to triumph .
They appeared arrogant and overpaid , and were easily demonized .
Its cultural manifestations also appeared to be novel .
The interwar Depression led to the disintegration of liberal economic and political values . In Germany in 2009 not only was there was no swing to political extremism of the right : there was no sign of any support for a radical right . In the elections for regional parliaments , the small radical right parties -LRB- which have never been a feature of national politics -RRB- simply disappeared .
The credibility associated with a simple rule disappeared .
Consumption or , more precisely , consumerism , appeared to be globalized .
Between these deficits , large surpluses for Germany and Japan reappeared -- as they have in the 2000 's .
The centrist Liberal Democrats appeared to hold the balance of power , and stories circulated of how Heath was prepared to concede a reformed voting system .
As a result , fiscal consolidation appeared to be the only way to restore confidence .
In the late summer of 1931 , the dollar , alongside the French franc , appeared to be the strongest currency in the international system .
Indeed , the Fund almost disappeared into complete oblivion during their tenure .
When he appeared before the British parliament in July , Rupert Murdoch looked like an old man , remote and out of control .
Countries that ran significant current-account surpluses , built up large reserves , and fixed -LRB- or heavily managed -RRB- their exchange rates in order to support the first two objectives appeared to secure external stability .
Throughout the Cold War , Japan 's national security policy appeared to waver between `` UN-first-ism '' and an `` Alliance-first '' principle .
The economic data are almost uniformly bleak and will not improve soon , and , while national security issues appear less pressing because of the financial crisis , they have hardly disappeared , given the tenuous situation in Afghanistan and Pakistan and the unresolved problems in Iraq , Iran , and North Korea .
We appeared stronger in the diplomatic arena than our economic and military power might warrant . Not anymore .
Indeed , anti-American coalitions have appeared not only in the Middle East but also in Latin America , while some Western politicians have apparently sought to aggravate relationships with Russia and China in order to restore transatlantic solidarity and further weaken Europe .
When news about the assassination plot first appeared , the Supreme Leader , Ali Khamenei , was on his way to the western province of Kermanshah .
Athletic imagery -- used to brilliant effect in Leni Riefenstahl 's acclaimed documentary -- appeared to create a link between the Nazis and the ancient Greeks , and to confirm the Nazi myth that Germans and German civilization were the true heirs to the `` Aryan '' culture of classical antiquity .
But the only technique that Putin appeared to have absorbed from his earlier career as a spy in East Germany was that of social control .
For example , in the quiet rural city of Rikuzentakata , with a population of 23,000 , it is believed that 5,000 of its 8,000 households disappeared in the disaster .
Another crack appeared with the 1983 Hezbollah attack on the US Marine barracks in Beirut , which triggered an abrupt US withdrawal from Lebanon .
As a prescription for democratic government this belief appeared to be , at least in peacetime , adequate -LRB- Charles de Gaulle 's rule in France being an exception -RRB- for the first two-thirds of the 20th century .
They appeared to lead -- or really did lead -- strong governments and changed their societies enormously .
The Al Jazeera Revolution Turns Ten When it first appeared , the new satellite channel broadcast from Qatar reflected its own name .
The mosquito nets ubiquitous in my childhood disappeared from urban houses by the time I was at university in the late 1950s .
Fifty-eight more disorders appeared in the revised third -LRB- 1987 -RRB- and fourth -LRB- 1994 -RRB- editions .
With political parties driven into irrelevance , parliament turned into a rubber stamp agency , and national television networks taken under government control , public discourse has all but disappeared .
Khodorkovsky 's letter may have appeared in the public space , but it was not intended for public consumption . Rather , it was like the `` I love you '' billboard .
In 1994 , when I became State Secretary for Financial Affairs in Sweden 's Ministry of Finance , recovery appeared to be on the horizon , following the abolition of the fixed exchange rate , the ensuing sharp depreciation of the Krona , and lower interest rates .
As opportunities appeared , we began to re-privatize assets , and within a few years Securum was closed .
On December 30 , Zhao 's blog disappeared .
Every day , at the same hour , he appeared with his metal trunk stuffed with all that he had collected from street corner garbage cans ; it was as if he wanted to ensnare me with his street sorcery so that I could see the city 's unfathomable contrasts .
The Roma minority first appeared in Romania in the 14th century , but only in 1856 was its slavery abolished !
Although economic progress is visible across Romania , and a gradual renewal of a civic conscience through the arrival of democracy has appeared , Romania 's burlesque of a political life -- despite its European Union membership -- shows how persistent its bad old habits of duplicity , inconsistency , fatalism , inertia , and corruption are .
While admission to the European Union appeared to draw a line under the post-communist period -LRB- at least in Central and Eastern Europe -RRB- , the rupture of 1989 did not mark the beginning of an era of perfect cooperation by the people and for the people .
As tax evasion becomes more pervasive , whole networks to help hide incomes have appeared , making it far less likely that those who break the law are punished .
For most of the last decade , the DPJ was not seen as a viable alternative to the LDP , although they appeared to form a pseudo-two-party system .
Clark presented his vision in a 1951 book The Exploration of Space and von Braun 's proposals appeared in a series of Collier 's magazine articles published between 1952 and 1954 .
Clarke and von Braun encountered a wall of skepticism when their proposals first appeared .
All of these visions appeared before the first artificial satellite was launched .
Larger capabilities were part of the original space station plan , approved in 1984 , but subsequently disappeared as the cost of the facility grew .
At that moment , the communist movement appeared to be riding the tide of history , and not only for those in the Soviet Union .
When Barroso , the former Portuguese prime minister , was awarded the EU post by his fellow heads of government , he appeared to be a dynamic new broom who would sweep away the cobwebs left by his predecessor , Italy 's Romano Prodi .
There was , it appeared , no other credible candidate to challenge him .
The response in Turkey -- where as many as 50 possible cases have appeared in the eastern part of the country -- is instructive .
Perhaps this helps to explain why , in a survey of more than 60,000 people in 29 countries conducted in 2007 by the New York-based Reputation Institute to rank the `` world 's most respected companies , '' the first US company on the list appeared in 15th place ; the second was in 25th place .
Second , whereas democracy and market capitalism appeared as clear -- if more fragile than expected -- winners in 1989 , it is difficult in 2009 , with the spread of the global crisis , to distinguish winners from losers .
But Mussolini soon outlawed the Popolari ; in any event , the Vatican had had a strained relationship with the party and appeared more comfortable supporting pro-Catholic authoritarian regimes in countries like Austria and Portugal .
Similar tendencies appeared in the Netherlands , which was once committed to multiculturalism , but more recently has sought to confront would-be citizens with images of men kissing and of bare-breasted women emerging from the North Sea -- presumably all to get across the point that a true Dutch citizen had better be tolerant .
True , the left-liberal pacifist milieu that in the old Federal Republic disproportionately influenced published opinion with its political pieties disappeared during the 1990 's ; but today 's more `` normal '' Germany did not begin forgetting the Nazi past and reasserting itself as a Great Power .
He appeared to have abandoned an active role in politics after his post was abolished in 1989 . But now he has ostensibly resurfaced , like a Persian Cincinnatus , to help Iran in its hour of need .
Kosovo 's Original Sin PRISTINA -- Hundreds of people disappeared ten years ago in Kosovo , the former Serbian province that is now the world 's newest state .
These missing persons disappeared after the conflict , on NATO 's and the United Nations ' watch .
By now , of course , 133 defendants from all parties to the wars in ex-Yugoslavia have appeared before the Tribunal , charged with war crimes , crimes against humanity , and even genocide .
While the Kenyan public appeared to show their high regard for legal process and participatory democracy , the run-up to the referendum revealed the government 's much uglier face .
The fact that no one can answer this question yet means that even in Barack Obama 's America , as in Stalin 's Russia or Ahmadinejad 's Iran , people can simply be disappeared without trial .
In 1980 , after John Lennon was murdered , a monument to him spontaneously appeared in Prague , and the anniversary of his death was marked by an annual procession for peace and democracy .
In September 2005 , it appeared momentarily that the talks had produced a rough agreement that North Korea would forgo its nuclear program in return for security guarantees and removal of sanctions .
The mere fact that high-level Russians reappeared in Davos to defend themselves may be a small but healthy sign .
In September 2005 , it fleetingly appeared that the talks had led North Korea to agree to forgo its nuclear program in exchange for security guarantees and removal of sanctions .
Moreover , while the common security threat from the Soviet Union has disappeared , both the US and Europe face a new common threat from radical jihadist terrorism .
It appeared symbolically on June 16 , 1989 , when I had the opportunity to speak on behalf of the young generation . A whole generation felt that the moment had come when Hungarians could at last determine their own future .
As minister for foreign affairs , she appeared to distrust Syria 's peace signals but kept an open link of negotiation with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas .
Families of the disappeared , killed , and tortured told the press that Humala ordered the atrocitie
Biti is not the only MDC member to be `` disappeared '' for a period of time by Mugabe 's government .
This is what appeared to happen in the last Indian election , and the election in the United States of President Barack Obama was also plainly a supremely rational moment .
While Israeli public opinion has usually appeared to run well ahead of its political leaders in the approach to peace , it is difficult to see how one could act over their heads .
His friend Senator Joseph Lieberman , a former Democrat and a hawk on the Iraq war , appeared to be the most likely pick .
Inevitably , for many the EU appeared to be a bureaucratic monster .
But only tentative reforms have appeared so far .
Paradoxically , these exercises were undertaken during a period when bilateral political and economic ties appeared on the surface to be at their highest point .
One after another , they have appeared on television and radio to denounce `` provokers , '' whom they dare not name , for `` planning the incursion of Russian troops all the way to Tbilisi and the establishment there of a pro-Russian government . ''
The phrase `` Weimar Russia '' first appeared about 13 years ago , at the height of the confrontation between then President Boris Yeltsin and the Supreme Soviet that ended when Yeltsin 's tanks shelled the parliament .
He has even appeared at crime scenes -- not urban riots , but private crimes of passion , where no reason of state could possibly warrant the presence of the President of the Republic .
But that self-assured attitude has all but disappeared , replaced by doubts , questions , and skepticism .
That is why you can be sure that we will have another major financial crisis sometime in the future , once this one has disappeared into the recesses of our memory .
But financial markets have made little distinction between these countries and others like Mexico , Brazil , South Korea , or Indonesia , which until just a few weeks ago appeared to be models of financial health .
Super-Sizing the IMF is Wrong CAMBRIDGE -- As the global financial crisis radiates out from the developed economies into emerging markets , it is ravaging not only governance-challenged economies such as Venezuela , Russia , and Argentina . The crisis is also striking countries like Brazil , Korea , and South Africa , which appeared to have made substantial and lasting progress towards macroeconomic stability .
Since their articles appeared , the price of gold has moved up still further . Gold prices even hit a record-high $ 1,300 recently .
Ennobling Democracy WARSAW &#45; &#45; Ever since democracy appeared in ancient Athens , it has generated suspicion among those who believe that humanity 's highest purpose is virtue , not freedom .
Indeed , the shadows of militarism that have appeared over the Chávez regime may well have unnerved a majority of Venezuelans , who wonder who the next adversary to be pursued will be .
Most of the shadow banking system has disappeared , and traditional commercial banks are saddled with trillions of dollars in expected losses on loans and securities while still being seriously undercapitalized .
Global stock markets fell by more than 50 % ; interest-rate spreads skyrocketed ; a severe liquidity and credit crunch appeared ; and many emerging-market economies staggered to the International Monetary Fund for help .
Given decades of repressive rule , and tens of thousands of disappeared Iraqis , there are already endemic problems of verification .
Unwilling to change or work together , and unable to devise ways of appealing to voters , these once-powerful groups simply disappeared , leaving the AKP largely in control of the conservative electoral base .
The second development was that the carry trade appeared to perform strongly when other risky assets also did well , and vice versa .
It appeared overwhelmingly likely that the presidential vote count would similarly show Odinga beating Kibaki by a wide margin .
Those jobs disappeared in the 1990 's , when the US imposed a trade embargo on Haiti as part of an effort to re-establish democracy . Democracy returned , but the economy was destroyed .
The second issue was a blatant error concerning glaciers that appeared in a major IPCC report .
No follow-up stories or editorials appeared , and no New York Times reporters assessed the story on the ground .
The night finished with many wounded and one more killed . The next day , back on Manezhnaya Square , beside the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier , a huge swastika appeared .
Even after the epidemic appeared in Hong Kong and then spread to Beijing , officials continued to withhold information .
Thanks to the welfare state , organized sports , which first appeared among the leisured upper classes , are now practiced by everyone .
This led to real alarm among policymakers whenever a threat to confidence appeared -LRB- as when the dot-com bubble burst at the end of the 1990 's -RRB- .
MOSCOW -- Skeptics of financial liberalization and innovation have been emboldened by the crisis in the world 's credit markets that erupted in mid-2007 , when the problems with sub-prime mortgages first appeared in the United States .
The European Space Agency announced in September 2007 that satellite photos showed that the Northwest Passage appeared clear of ice for shipping for the first time ever , and that the Northeast Passage is almost clear .
A number of books have appeared in Europe this fall about the causes of Europe 's weak economies .
The prostitutes who lined up throughout downtown Moscow in the Yeltsin era have disappeared , and `` dressing to kill '' for a casual walk has gone out of fashion .
Instead of confronting a -LRB- usually hostile -RRB- Russian\/Soviet empire on its border , a vast swath of buffer states appeared after 1991 .
With its long borders with Russia , China knows it would have much to regret if a new , oil-fired Russian empire appeared on its doorstep .
For nomadic societies , there was no point in owning anything that one could not carry , but once humans settled down and developed a system of money , that limit to acquisition disappeared .
Coincidentally , Kahneman 's article appeared the same week that Buffett announced the largest philanthropic donation in US history -- $ 30 billion to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and another $ 7 billion to other charitable foundations .
Today , despite what happened in Rwanda and the former Yugoslavia -- and appeared to be on the verge of happening after the recent disputed election in Kenya -- no country openly accepts racist doctrines .
In an essay he wrote for In Defense of Animals , a book I edited that appeared in 2006 , he wrote , `` No realistic level of guerilla attacks of the kind carried out by the Animal Liberation Front could have hurt the battery farming industry as much as the new Austrian law does . ''
The new method spread : chickens disappeared from fields into long , windowless sheds .
The Revolutionary Ethics of Embryo Research What appeared to be the most momentous scientific advance of 2005 is currently under siege .
That achievement appeared to take us significantly closer to a world in which patients could be given cell or tissue transplants that their bodies would not reject , because the biological materials , cloned from the patients themselves , would be a perfect match .
Until now , Parfit , who is Emeritus Fellow of All Souls College , Oxford , had written only one book , Reasons and Persons , which appeared in 1984 , to great acclaim .
Likewise , it would be unwise for the US gratuitously to offer China a role in the affairs of a region that includes India itself -- something that Obama appeared to do during his visit to China earlier this year , when he mentioned China as having a role to play in Kashmir .
Whereas Keynesian theory has largely disappeared from economic textbooks in the United States , it continues to be taught everywhere in Germany .
It initially appeared that Germany under Chancellor Angela Merkel would be more sensitive to the energy security of Central and Eastern Europe .
We must learn a new grammar of power in a world that is made up more of the common good -- or the common bad -- than of self-interest or national interest . These have n't disappeared , of course , but they are proving to be indefensible outside of a framework capable of addressing common threats and opportunities .
Indeed , through much of the Cold War , de Gaulle appeared to want to avoid having to choose sides between the United States and the Soviet Union .
The memory of past wars has faded , and the threat posed by the Soviet Union has disappeared .
Since 1980 , regulations have been progressively relaxed until they practically disappeared .
NEW YORK -- For many , if not most , Americans , the crisis that befell them in 2008 -- leading to slow growth , rising unemployment , and high anxiety among voters -- appeared to spring from nowhere .
Indeed , despite massive imbalances and huge disparities in the level of private and public debt across the euro area , interest-rate spreads on government bonds disappeared in the run-up to the crisis .
We therefore expect a shift toward earlier reproduction , because the costs previously associated with doing so have disappeared -- exactly what we found in Framingham .
The parties that still support Sharia have largely disappeared or changed their platform .
No one should be surprised at what has now happened : the private market has essentially disappeared .
Even though 10 % of US households with mortgages had already lost their homes , the pace of foreclosures appeared to be increasing -- or would have , were it not for legal snafus that raised doubts about America 's vaunted `` rule of law . ''
Perhaps another occurred in 1998 , when the Fed lowered interest rates in the face of what appeared to be an impending global financial crisis .
Similar differences between Italy and other European countries appeared in a `` Eurobarometer '' survey carried out in the early 1990s .
That backing appeared to be part of Chávez 's `` Bolivarian '' socialist revolution , which has used Venezuela 's petrodollars to bankroll left-wing governments in Ecuador , Bolivia , and Cuba in the hope of building up a regional anti-American alliance .
And recent referendums in the Amazonian provinces of Beni and Pando appeared to have exacerbated this sense of potential national fracturing .
The greatest cause of concern , however , is that the military question has reappeared .
The military question -- believed to have been resolved after the region 's transition to democracy which came with the Cold War 's end , the effort to achieve regional integration , and the push toward globalization -- has reappeared .
Although women 's soccer in Africa is as old as the republics themselves -LRB- the first teams appeared in West Africa in early 1960 -RRB- , soccer on the continent is still a man 's sport .
For , while the simplified pre-crisis conventional wisdom appeared to provide a complete set of answers resting on a unified intellectual system and methodology , really good economic thinking must provide multiple partial insights , based on varied analytical approaches .
Unfortunately , in the aftermath of the Cold War , it has often been assumed that Russia 's hostile intentions have disappeared , and foreign policy toward Russia has been conducted as if traditional diplomatic considerations no longer apply .
Junta leader Senior General Than Shwe `` lost face '' and promptly disappeared from public view so completely that some Burmese thought he had died .
In subsequent years , the US employed additional delaying tactics , working with the IDB to move the goal posts whenever Haiti appeared to be meeting their demands .
At the beginning of his first term , Schröder appeared to be a modern social democrat who understood business .
On the contrary , the initial benefits that peasants gained from the rural reforms of the late 1970 's and early 1980 's have disappeared ; real income among farmers has dropped in recent years as their production costs rise and agricultural prices decline .
The evolution of the NPT - its adaptation to new environments and problems that were not anticipated at the time of its adoption - appeared to ensure the Treaty 's continuing effective implementation .
It should have disappeared when the Soviet Union collapsed and the Warsaw Pact evaporated ; its job was done .
But , compared to the aftermath of the catastrophic Kobe earthquake of 1995 , when the authorities appeared to wash their hands of the victims ' miseries , the difference could hardly be greater .
Alan Greenspan 's recent speech to a conference of bankers in Berlin -- admitting the desirability of `` insurance '' against the risk of deflation in the US , even if it has not yet appeared -- focused attention on a crucial issue .
Already , in the Yangtze and Pearl River Deltas , where manufacturing activity is the densest , labor shortages have appeared .
Many previously released Guantánamo inmates have disappeared underground .
But 2009 was the year that democracy appeared to take root in the region -- and yet the future looks as bleak as ever .
The attempted bombing of a Detroit-bound airliner on Christmas Day by a young Nigerian man trained by Al Qaeda in Yemen appeared to open the West 's eyes to the country 's problems .
Saleh , emboldened by Gates ' remarks , immediately appeared on television and ordered all opponents to leave Yemen , as if millions of Yemenis would simply desert the country , leaving him and his family to reside in peace .
They appeared prominently -- eloquent and outspoken , marching daily , holding caricatures of dictators and chanting calls for democratic change .
Yet , despite such threats , thousands of Saudi women joined `` We are all Manal al Sharif '' on Facebook , and countless other videos of women driving have appeared on YouTube since her arrest .
The government was too generous in helping revive real-estate demand , and , overwhelmed by fear of the negative impact of falling asset prices on economic growth , has been too cautious in dealing with bubbles when they have reappeared .
