No matter how unjustified Israel 's traditional military behavior seems in the eyes of its enemies and critics , it has always aspired to base its military actions on grounds that can be justified .
Today , it seems all but certain that Berlusconi will never be elected President of Italy , the post to which he has always aspired .
Indeed , Pakistan aspired at one point to becoming something of a modern extension of India 's long-ruling Mughal dynasty .
The Old Testament tells how work on the tower in Shinar , in ancient Babylon , was disrupted because man aspired to reach the heavens and divinity .
The first stakeholder is Gbagbo , who sought to break away from French neo-colonial dominance . He had the support of Ivorians who aspired to install genuine Ivorian patriots in place of the French-backed elite .
This has been especially true when Chinese state-owned enterprises -LRB- SOEs -RRB- have aspired to buy , or buy into , iconic US corporations that have a blush of national-security significance about them .
The European economic giant aspired to a global political role , but here reality swept in .
The finest tribute Filipinos and other freedom-loving peoples can offer to Cory 's memory is for responsible citizens to work towards the vision of an empowered , bountiful future for which she and Ninoy aspired . Irrevocably , their names will forever be intimately intertwined with the peaceful revolution of 1986 which restored our liberty and democracy .
The government aspired to play a constructive role across Africa , act as a spokesman for Third-World interests at the UN and elsewhere , and promote an end to the plethora of conflicts bedeviling the continent .
It aspired to promote trade as a vehicle of partnership between developed and developing countries .
New cricketing heroes have emerged from small towns , none more popular than India 's swashbuckling captain , M.S. Dhoni , the son of a peon in the dusty town of Ranchi , who now commands millions in endorsement fees to tout products that his family could never have aspired to own .
