Ordinary Ukrainians aspire to law and order ; businessmen want their playing field to be leveled with the richest and most well connected .
No matter how unjustified Israel 's traditional military behavior seems in the eyes of its enemies and critics , it has always aspired to base its military actions on grounds that can be justified .
A believer in the essentially political nature of Haiti 's tragedy , Fernandez rightly aspires to turn the current crisis into the lever for state-building , Haiti 's extraction from political isolation , and its maturation into an active member of the regional and world community .
Yet the same Dayan , who in 1970 said that `` the only peace negotiations are those where we settle the land and we build , and we settle , and from time to time we go to war , '' was forced by cruel reality to admit that the best security to which Israel can aspire is that based on peace with its neighbors .
So , whoever aspires to help the parties reach a settlement needs to be attentive to the fact that territorial borders are only one aspect of this conflict -- and not necessarily the most contentious one .
Most constitutions - including the American one - aspire to `` freeze history , '' or to set up a lasting institutional order that will resist the winds of change .
If accepted , it promises Ukraine , which aspires to EU membership and is currently negotiating a Free Trade Agreement with the Union , the stable , effective , and democratic government that it needs .
Today , it seems all but certain that Berlusconi will never be elected President of Italy , the post to which he has always aspired .
While China 's rulers aspire to shape a Sino-centric Asia , their efforts to intimidate smaller neighbors hardly make China a credible candidate for Asian leadership .
No one , man or woman , can today aspire to setting the tone of public discourse without recognizing that politics is no longer only a man 's game .
They also aspire to increase the Continent 's strategic power .
Turkey and Ukraine aspire to join the European Union ; Russia does not .
And , recognizing the ever present possibility of exceptions , they will aspire to `` generalities '' rather than `` laws , '' leaving room for accidental particularities of biological structure .
We now aspire to becoming the most significant health and life science research center in Europe , owing to a remarkable cluster of knowledge based 5,000 researchers , an excellent medical school , 11 university hospitals , and a thriving biotech business environment that already includes market leaders in diabetes and neuroscience .
Perhaps that befits creatures whose lives are `` solitary , poor , nasty , brutish , and short , '' to recall Thomas Hobbes ' description of the state of nature . But it does a grave injustice to those of us who still aspire to full-fledged humanity .
But it is all too easy to forget that the development of this market was initially welcomed , because it enabled even people who would not normally qualify for a mortgage loan to aspire to homeownership .
I do n't want to reach the destination that some of our partners may aspire to . But I do n't want to block their way .
Policymakers in France loved to quote a remark by the French poet Paul Valéry , who in the middle of the chaos of the Great Depression had written that `` Europe visibly aspires to be governed by an American committee . ''
Havel , who has inspired Liu as he has so many others who aspire to freedom , wrote a public letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao after Liu 's latest imprisonment .
Indeed , Pakistan aspired at one point to becoming something of a modern extension of India 's long-ruling Mughal dynasty .
No country or region can truly aspire to full , broad-based economic growth without pulling along all segments of its population and without giving a voice to all .
He aspires audaciously to what he calls the universal Walmartization of healthcare -- a reshaping of medical care that the world 's indigent need , and in Africa more than most other locations .
The current regime is clearly autocratic . Yet it aspires to democratic legitimacy in the eyes of Russian citizens and the international community .
The African Union aspires to become a United States of Africa .
This is the paradox of twenty-first-century socialism : economic liberalism is the foundation for a policy that aspires to replace it .
But , whereas only half of Europeans now aged 55-64 finished secondary education , four in five 25-34-year-olds have done so , and they naturally aspire to better things .
The Old Testament tells how work on the tower in Shinar , in ancient Babylon , was disrupted because man aspired to reach the heavens and divinity .
Moreover , as Nepal aspires to become a federal democratic republic , expectations are high among diverse groups for greater control of their lives and resources .
The first stakeholder is Gbagbo , who sought to break away from French neo-colonial dominance . He had the support of Ivorians who aspired to install genuine Ivorian patriots in place of the French-backed elite .
Women should be able to aspire to top jobs without squandering their fertility , and their success would encourage women in lower-ranking positions , because female managers tend to implement more gender-conscious hiring policies and serve as strong role models .
Today , that scarcely registers against the other themes : a working-class or unemployed person dared to aspire to resemble someone of too high a status , and spent too much money conceiving too many blameless babies who deserve protection and care , and who have now been put at risk by their mother 's selfish choices .
In Taiwan itself , there is a growing sense of national identity , but a sharp division between pragmatists of the `` pan-blue alliance , '' who realize that geography will require them to find a compromise with the mainland , and the ruling `` pan-green alliance , '' which aspires in varying degrees to achieve independence .
This has been especially true when Chinese state-owned enterprises -LRB- SOEs -RRB- have aspired to buy , or buy into , iconic US corporations that have a blush of national-security significance about them .
It aspires to join the European Union , and would bring the EU to our three borders , even as we , too , aspire to join one day .
The European economic giant aspired to a global political role , but here reality swept in .
The finest tribute Filipinos and other freedom-loving peoples can offer to Cory 's memory is for responsible citizens to work towards the vision of an empowered , bountiful future for which she and Ninoy aspired . Irrevocably , their names will forever be intimately intertwined with the peaceful revolution of 1986 which restored our liberty and democracy .
They can not aspire to continued economic innovation or to global economic leadership .
Their example can sway leaders elsewhere to think that they can aspire to economic ascendancy while tightening the screws on domestic political opposition .
Moreover , fiduciary duties only aspire to prevent insiders from stealing .
Let us make our leaders aware that we aspire to shared peace and prosperity .
He also noted that countries like Germany and Japan that aspire to permanent UN Security Council membership have a particular responsibility of global stewardship in reaching the target .
The reason democratic politics leads to manipulation is that politicians do not aspire to tell the truth . They want to win elections , and the best way to do that is to skew reality to their own benefit .
The government aspired to play a constructive role across Africa , act as a spokesman for Third-World interests at the UN and elsewhere , and promote an end to the plethora of conflicts bedeviling the continent .
They tend to have proactive and assertive foreign policies and aspire to more than the middle-power status and limited niche-style influence enjoyed by Canada , Sweden , or Saudi Arabia .
As an Asian leader once told me , Europeans have what many Asian societies aspire to : democratic government , advanced infrastructure , civil rights , world-class companies , high educational and social standards , and a rich cultural heritage .
It aspired to promote trade as a vehicle of partnership between developed and developing countries .
Inevitably , few in today 's world can measure up to his greatness or aspire to his credo .
New cricketing heroes have emerged from small towns , none more popular than India 's swashbuckling captain , M.S. Dhoni , the son of a peon in the dusty town of Ranchi , who now commands millions in endorsement fees to tout products that his family could never have aspired to own .
And while no one wants to be a victim , many people nowadays want to have been a victim : they aspire to victim status .
After all , the European Union is first and foremost a community of democracies : if Ukraine can aspire to membership , any oligarch or criminal politician who undermines that prospect will have to face the ire of all Ukrainians .
