When Blix headed the IAEA before the Gulf War of 1991 , he blithely assured the world , after several inspections , that nothing alarming was happening in Iraq .
But the presence of the international community reassured us that it was safe to do business in the country .
Iraq 's neighbors - Saudi Arabia in the south and Turkey in the north - must be reassured that Shi'a and Kurdish rebellion will not result in the dismantling of Iraq and a change of borders : both countries have legitimate concerns regarding this issue .
Syria has already sought to assure regime continuity through quasi-monarchic hereditary succession with the move from Hafez al-Assad to his son Bashar .
Its recent agreement with China on border demarcation notwithstanding , Russia can never be assured of China 's ultimate intentions as a colossal power hungry for raw materials for its booming economy and living space for its massive population .
Absorbed by their booming economy , reassured by President Barack Obama 's recent commitment never to let Israel down , and convinced of their success in defeating Palestinian terrorism in the West Bank and deterring Hamas from venturing into another war , Israelis have lost any sense of urgency concerning the Palestinian problem .
Greater predictability and clarity in the property system is likely to bring economic benefits , reassure international investors , and signal the leadership 's determination to pursue further economic reforms .
Subsidiaries ' host countries , for their part , must reassure parent banks that financial regulation will remain predictable .
But it is also more than just a normal country : Germany remains central to holding together the two international institutions that will continue to assure its well-being , the European Union and the Atlantic alliance .
They pledged to implement programs aimed at asset purchases -LRB- to clarify the balance sheets of financial institutions -RRB- , recapitalization -LRB- to make sure that , if solvent , they could operate and continue to lend -RRB- , and guarantees -LRB- to reassure depositors and some investors that their funds were safe -RRB- .
The EU invested upwards of $ 35 billion a year to assure the success of their Common Market integration .
Consider Africa , where the African Union is taking a leading role in resolving conflicts on the continent and is increasingly determined to intervene to halt aggression and assure fair play for African minorities .
Beyond economics , China must reassure others that its awakening will not make the world tremble .
The Party leadership has grown more self-assured in its growing international role , but its ability to manage the pace of change at home has become more uncertain .
America and China now live with a kind of mutually assured economic destruction , and both presidents know it .
Some passionately discussed economic reform , others talked about developing culture , while still others planned to reform education and the scientific establishment or assure the defense of the environment .
If his administration increases the fiscal surplus through expenditure cuts or new taxes , this may reassure international capital markets .
But contagion from Argentina 's crisis has undermined MERCOSUL and Argentina 's commitment to the regional project can not be assured after next year 's presidential elections in that country .
Demonstrations alone almost never topple a regime , but they can do so in combination with other political shifts , which can happen suddenly . When East Germans protested against their Communist autocrats in 1989 , they were not assured of success either .
But if the Swiss and other Europeans were self-assured about their own identities , their Muslim fellow-citizens probably would not strike such fear in their hearts .
Nor are Italians reassured to learn that Berlusconi fielded a number of candidates during the recent European Parliament elections whose only discernible qualification was that they were pretty young girls who had possibly spent some time in the prime minister 's company at his Sardinian Villa or Roman Palazzo .
The main reason some women -- and even more men -- are more likely to vote for a McCain-Palin combination is not because of Palin 's gender , but because her presence on the ticket reassures social conservatives of McCain 's willingness to accommodate their agenda .
In East European countries , this was a major problem , and it is only through accession negotiations with the European Union that such administrative reform has been assured .
Prime Minister Iyad Allawi assures the world that there will be , and President Bush echoes his words .
But while free elections are a necessary condition of legitimacy , they are far from being sufficient to assure it .
When excess demand is for high-quality assets -- places where you can park your wealth and be assured that it will still be there when you come back -- the natural response is to have credit-worthy governments guarantee some private assets and buy up others , swapping them out for their own liabilities and thus diminishing the supply of risky assets and increasing the supply of safe assets .
Second , he assured his listeners that `` we expect a moderate recovery to continue and indeed to strengthen . '' This is because '' -LRB- h -RRB- ouseholds also have made some progress in repairing their balance sheets -- saving more , borrowing less , and reducing their burdens of interest payments and debt . ''
Perhaps that would be enough to reassure everyone that policymakers ' current acquiescence in a prolonged slump was a horrible mistake that will not be repeated .
Without the peace and stability that this assured in Germany - the largest linguistic nation west of Russia - it is difficult to imagine today 's peace and stability in Europe as a whole .
The Federal Reserve would then have to fight inflation -- putting upward pressure on unemployment -- in order to reassure savers and lenders of its willingness to guard price stability .
They assured us that it was too late to stop the famines that would kill hundreds of millions in the Indian subcontinent , and that humanity 's destiny in the 21st century was one of war and struggle for the resources to feed national populations an extra crust of bread .
Most importantly , a trade policy must be articulated that is both free and fair -LRB- not only for US workers , but also for Asian workers -RRB- , and that reassures Asians that Obama will be aware of their needs .
On the contrary , introducing them into settings where treatment compliance is not assured and where drug susceptibility testing is not available would likely contribute to even more resistant organisms .
But stalling only assures that debts will grow , economic normalization is postponed and the final explosion at the end of ACT III even bigger .
But that is n't enough to propel people from a tortilla factory to a software company , to create a broad middle class , and thus to assure social mobility .
There are examples , in polygamous societies , of royal concubines murdering each other 's children in order to assure the predominance of their genetic line .
Putting public finances on a sustainable footing , they argue , is essential to reassure financial markets .
First , bondholders will need to be reassured that their new bonds are secure .
Still , given German sensitivities , Merkel should use her bully pulpit to reassure her public .
Meanwhile , Italy , now under the watchful eye of the International Monetary Fund , needs to move ahead with those pro-growth reforms in order to reassure the ECB 's shareholders that the central bank 's bond purchases are not money losers .
And it will not reassure consumers or investors .
And , tough talk notwithstanding , the Obama administration has yet to offer a credible roadmap for fiscal consolidation . Doing so would reassure American taxpayers worried about current deficits .
Such denial is in no one 's interest . Not in the kind of Europe we still have to build -- a Europe where big and small countries are assured that they share the same rights and obligations , where minorities feel safe , where basic human rights are accepted as an inextricable part of our political system , and where neighbors are regarded with respect and expectations , not fear and anxiety .
But the EU 's old members have brought on an enormous sense of disappointment by ignoring its new members ' security concerns in favor of preserving their own ties with Russia , particularly in cutting energy deals that they think will assure them of supplies .
It assures the three small Baltic countries that the nightmare of occupation by big neighbors -LRB- Hitler 's Reich and Stalin 's USSR -RRB- , which they endured for half-a-century -- will not be repeated .
And resolving internal problems through a disproportionate use of force reassured even the regime 's security obsessed ex-KGB men .
In any case , the new policies should reassure those who feared that China 's central government either would simply watch the bubble inflate or that it lacked a sufficiently independent macroeconomic policy to intervene .
A second cause for worry is that the world is poised to enter a new nuclear age that threatens to be even more dangerous and expensive than the Cold War era of mutually assured destruction -LRB- MAD -RRB- .
This will require an international institutional solution to the problem of enrichment , with participation in the enrichment process entailing new obligations , above all , the willingness to assure transparency through verification and intensive inspections .
Political repression and the silence of Arab public opinion should worry America and its Arab allies , not reassure them , because it means that there is no way for the public to channel its interests , demands , and frustrations peacefully .
Instead of the state being strengthened , it is being reborn as a police-bureaucratic apparatus to suppress social protest , extort bribes , and assure political repression .
As long as member states remain fully sovereign , investors can not be assured that if the eurozone breaks up , some states will not simply refuse to pay -- or will not refuse to pay for the others .
By establishing a common `` welfare floor '' throughout the EU , providing an effective safety net to native workers whose jobs are threatened by integration , and adopting a coordinated policy on immigration , European citizens would be reassured .
The reality is that Iraq 's future is not assured even if these and similar measures are taken .
The situation in Iraq is improving but is by no means assured .
To assure the experts that they could talk without fear , the Resolution gave the inspectors the authority to bring entire families out of the country .
Will the US take measures to reassure China ?
In a special trip to Islamabad , US Assistant Secretary of State Christina Rocca sought to reassure a visibly nervous Pakistani government that the war would be `` quick and short . ''
Will today 's government do better ? This will only be assured if citizens organize themselves to play a more direct role in relief and rehabilitation for the long term .
Constitutions frequently enshrine lofty principals , and nobly assure protection of fundamental rights .
Indeed , financial stress tests -- designed to estimate the likelihood of bank failures in the event of bad economic news -- are intended to be the equivalent of cardiac stress tests . And , like most cardiac stress tests , the primary aim is to reassure .
Banks had reassured themselves with the belief that countries could not become insolvent .
If Europe could show -- in the worst possible scenario of sovereign default -- how such a process might operate , uncertainty would be reduced and markets would be reassured .
He assured Chinese leaders that the United States is committed to honoring all its debts , despite its recent credit downgrade ; he talked enthusiastically about US-China interdependence ; and he showcased his granddaughter , who has studied Chinese for several years , as a future bridge between the two countries .
More than any other government official , he was responsible for institutionalizing the key strategic doctrine of the nuclear age , deterrence , otherwise known as mutual assured destruction .
Only a truly popular political mandate can assure that the Japanese people are fully aware of their international responsibilities as an influential nation in the international community .
Those with bitter memories of Japanese behavior half a century ago should be reassured ; this debate is about how to defend peace , not about how to promote or wage war .
Many of Japan 's neighbors were understandably reassured by the Cold War arrangement whereby America promised to defend Japan , relieving the country of the need for a powerful military .
In The Influence of Sea Power upon History , published in 1890 , Mahan argued that maritime power and economic development were deeply intertwined . Only the ability to protect trade and project power by sea could assure the vitality of this nexus .
Indeed , the four American strategists who first called for `` nuclear zero '' -- Henry Kissinger , George Shultz , William Perry , and Sam Nunn -- have partly backtracked , and are now calling for an end to the doctrine of `` mutual assured destruction . ''
Nuclear deterrence and `` mutually assured destruction '' would be passé only if we assumed that we -- people , countries , and humankind at large -- had become so ideal and humane that we no longer needed self-deterrence .
Some want a treaty on security guarantees for non-nuclear-weapon states to assure them against the threat or use of nuclear weapons ; others want a treaty to prevent an arms race in outer space .
When the next American president takes office , voters and elected officials alike should be reassured by studies showing that the US can fight climate change by cutting emissions at low or even no cost , using only existing technologies .
They could unambiguously assure non-nuclear-weapon states that they will not be subject to the use or the threat of use of nuclear weapons .
My Plan to Drop the Bomb NEW YORK -- The destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945 marked an end and a beginning . The close of the Second World War ushered in a Cold War , with a precarious peace based on the threat of mutually assured destruction .
Second , I urged the Security Council to consider other ways to strengthen security in the disarmament process , and to assure non-nuclear-weapon states against nuclear weapons threats . I proposed to the Council that it convene a summit on nuclear disarmament , and I urged non-NPT states to freeze their own weapon capabilities and make their own disarmament commitments . Disarmament must enhance security .
Even when faced by the vast confusion created by disaster on the scale of the recent earthquake and tsunami , Japanese relied on kizuna to help and reassure each other .
Fortunately , US Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has reassured America 's Asian friends and allies that regional disengagement is not being contemplated .
Gates , however , is due to step down from his post shortly , which is unfortunate , because the Obama administration 's apparent lack of any explicit Asia strategy means that Gates 's reassurances might not reassure for very long .
A Yes vote , on the other hand , would encourage a reassured Chirac to continue his policy of no reform and scapegoating the ECB .
The most important one for central bankers is that they should cut interest rates -- and cut them fast -- to re-assure market participants that turmoil in financial markets will not be allowed to affect the real economy .
While some -LRB- such as Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak -RRB- took the resistance rhetoric of some delegates seriously , Fatah spokesman Nabil Amr officially assured all concerned that Fatah is committed to `` peaceful resolution of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict . ''
Palestinians have been assured via a message from President Barack Obama , delivered by his special envoy George Mitchell , that the Israelis will not carry out any `` provocations '' during the coming four months of indirect negotiations .
But , on a recent trip to Israel , White House adviser Dan Shapiro is said to have been reassured that the Israelis will not embarrass their American friends .
Clinton , who was embroiled in domestic problems , badly needed an international success , and assured Arafat that fingers would not be pointed at either party if the talks failed .
When Stalin offered Hitler his friendship in the spring of 1939 -- formally concluded that summer in the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact -- Nazi aggression was assured of not being knifed in the back from the East and so was left with free hands to do as Hitler pleased in the West .
WASHINGTON , DC -- United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's visit to Ukraine on July 4-5 provides an important opportunity to reassure Ukrainians that the US remains committed to Ukraine 's sovereignty and democratic evolution .
The North Atlantic Council would seem an obvious forum within which to enhance solidarity among members , reassure member states that have perceptions of greater vulnerability , and avoid misperceptions .
But it was a refusal to buckle to the values of Nazism and Communism in the twentieth century that assured the success of freedom .
So continued silence when poets , writers , or lawyers -- people like Shi Tao , Yang Tianshui , and Tan Zuoren -- are treated like criminals will only assure that China 's markets are eventually lost alongside Chinese freedoms .
In the first two , the US reassures each of these region 's countries that there will be no sudden change in the balance of power that will threaten them .
Reassured by this groundswell of support , the Eurocrats should be fostering a much more pluralistic approach to EU policymaking and debate .
If he is to reassure EU national leaders that they should re-appoint him , then he needs to signal that his second term can hold out fresh promise .
The presidency of Mohammad Khatami , an avowed reformer , who served eight years , beginning in 1997 , convinced the Supreme Leader that his authority would be assured only if the presidency was held by a subservient fundamentalist such as the current president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
It also reassures the French business community , which was shocked by Dominique de Villepin 's flamboyant opposition to the United States when he was Chirac 's foreign minister .
But de Gaulle 's legacy would most likely be snuffed out gently , with nostalgia for both Mitterrand and Chirac possibly proving very tempting for a people disaffected with the political system but desiring to be reassured .
They wanted a strong charismatic man to reawaken France economically and to reassure them in security terms .
As economic crisis engulfs France and most of the world , the French are not reassured by their young and energetic president .
If you want America to lead by the power of example , you favor Barack Obama ; if you want to be reassured by the continuation of America 's power in a traditional security sense , you probably prefer John McCain .
Comforted by a new President who incarnates a return of hope , who inspires and reassures at the same time , Americans are starting to believe that the worst of the economic crisis is behind them .
Francois Mitterrand , by contrast , managed to assure the French only that they were not so bad , because he , Mitterrand , had served in the collaborationist Vichy regime of Marshal Pétain before joining the resistance .
Nevertheless , some body of thought that makes democracy attractive for believers -- and reassures non-believers that the faithful have accepted pluralism -- had to be available .
Grants and planning must be coordinated , and the consent of Afghanistan 's neighboring countries assured .
But , while Medvedev 's victory in the first round of voting appears assured , the important questions will arise after the ballots are counted .
· increasing assured warning and decision times for the launch of nuclear-armed ballistic missiles ;
What the West can do is apply pressure on Iran -- and on other governments in the future -- to assure and account for the safety of protesters .
If she had acted more boldly , she might have lost even more support , but the steps that she agreed to remained insufficient to reassure markets .
But the US reassured India that they faced a common threat from transnational terrorism , and that the old Cold War pairings of India and Pakistan were outdated .
Leaders need enough managerial skill to assure that systems are in place to provide the information required for good decisions as well as effective implementation .
It was costly in many ways , but it assured him of multiple , competing flows of information .
During the Cold War , the US had been even more vulnerable , in technological terms , to a nuclear attack from Russia , but `` mutual assured destruction '' prevented the worst by keeping vulnerability more or less symmetrical .
Thus , they can not accept that more robust multilateral institutions , confidence , cooperation , and interdependence could assure international security .
Even though almost all of the oil produced by Unocal would have ended up on world markets rather than back in China , the US Congress 's skittishness assured that Unocal was sold to homegrown Chevron .
On his web page and through his radio program , Fujimori assures listeners that Toledo 's anti-corruption program is a fantasy and that Toledo 's association with Montesinos will bring about more looting of the treasury .
Investors need to be reassured that debt-service costs are under control , and that debt volumes and deficit limits are firmly monitored in order to minimize default risks and strengthen banks ' ability to lay the groundwork for sustainable growth .
Parties lose ground against the caudillist adventures of people like Lopez Obrador in Mexico and Chavez in Venezuela , and congresses are assured only of public antipathy .
This was called , in the geostrategic jargon of the day , `` mutually assured destruction , '' or MAD .
I grew up in a world in which peace and stability were assured by the threat of global nuclear annihilation .
Without authority to enforce safe practices , the IAEA can not better assure nuclear safety in these or other countries .
It is equally important , however , to understand the variety in outcomes for the poor , so as to understand better what else must be done to assure more growth that directly benefits them .
But that self-assured attitude has all but disappeared , replaced by doubts , questions , and skepticism .
The success of the rescue is far from assured , in view of the magnitude of belt-tightening that it calls for and the hostility that it has aroused on the part of Greek workers .
This is very different from the `` conditional convergence '' that characterizes the rest of the economy , in which productivity growth is not assured and depends on policies and external circumstances .
Equally problematic is the fact that , while the clearinghouse and its participants can net wins and losses to reduce risk for those inside the clearinghouse , the clearinghouse does not assuredly eliminate the basic risk facing the entire financial system .
While the Vishwa Hindu Parishad -LRB- VHP or World Hindu Congress -RRB- exhorts its cadres to prepare for the Final Solution , Prime Minister Vajpayee assures the nation that all citizens , regardless of religion , are treated equally .
A side benefit for the EU 's standing in the world could be that the World Trade Organization 's stalled Doha negotiations could be restarted once farmers in developing countries are assured of getting a fair deal from Europe .
The battle will be long and difficult , and victory is not assured .
Both people and livestock need assured water supplies . In some areas , this can be obtained through boreholes that tap underground aquifers .
Likewise , new regulations will be needed to ensure compliance with safety procedures , and to assure public support .
With the funding assured , the G-8 would suddenly move from empty promises to real policies .
By pooling financial resources into a single-donor FCM , aid programs ' administrative costs could be kept low , the availability of aid flows could be assured , and poor countries would not have to negotiate 25 times in order to receive help .
To assure that , profits -- protected by patents -- are needed .
The growing role of the UN in this process puts the seal of international law and diplomacy over the global struggle against terrorism , and helps to reassure many countries that this is a true international effort , not just the US acting alone .
In the Gulf , Iran has tried to reassure its Arab neighbors that Iranian power is not aimed at them and can in fact be a pillar of gulf security .
Indeed , Russia 's racists can be assured of considerable sympathy from the security forces and the public .
Given the stark changes in economic conditions , however , it is now in Russia 's national interest to reassure international markets that it is a reliable place to do business , for which a new PCA would serve as an ideal signal .
The only insurance that people might think they can afford could carry a large deductible , and if the deductible is very large , people might not feel so reassured by this insurance .
There is reason to feel reassured by Obama 's reactions .
The programs that have been agreed will not suffice to reassure creditors , and Germany will most likely be unwilling to bow once again to Sarkozy in the coming negotiations to prolong the rescue measures -- at least as they are constructed now -- beyond the initially stipulated three years .
Nevertheless , our recovery remains fragile , and our success is far from assured .
Only by doing so could economic growth be assured and poverty eliminated .
The first is transatlantic divergence over how best to assure a return to solid growth .
The process began in earnest after the failure of Lehman Brothers , when on October 12 , 2008 , European finance ministers found it necessary to reassure their publics that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail .
We used to be reassured by the generalization that democratic countries seek peace .
I believe that this amount could be at least doubled and assured for a longer time span .
The European authorities accepted a plan that would reduce the deficit gradually , but the markets were not reassured .
When European leaders finally acted , they had to provide a much larger rescue package than would have been necessary had they moved earlier . Moreover , in order to reassure the markets , the authorities felt obliged to create the ¤ 750 billion European Financial Stabilization Fund , with ¤ 500 billion from the member states and ¤ 250 billion from the IMF .
But the markets have not been reassured , because Germany dictated the Fund 's terms and made them somewhat punitive .
This makes the renminbi chronically undervalued and assures China of a persistent large trade surplus .
Citizens everywhere must be assured that oil and gas firms , as well as mining companies , publish all of their relevant financial information , broken down by country and by project , and including all payments made to host-country public budgets .
The governments of the eurozone have taken some significant steps in the right direction to resolve the euro crisis but , obviously , they did not go far enough to reassure the markets .
So the object of international law is not to ban `` unjust '' wars and permit `` just '' ones , but to assure that wars are waged for limited aims , so that they do n't rage out of control .
Success is by no means assured , and the most likely outcome is a sequence of contagion events and a broader loss of confidence in the euro .
The Adzhar people consider themselves Georgians , but still have frequent squabbles with the central government , so how could ethnically distinct Abkhazia and South Ossetia feel assured that their relations with Georgia would work out any better ?
But during his campaign Yushchenko assured Russophones that he would uphold such rights .
Even if the US had achieved stability in Iraq , this would not have assured victory in the `` war on terrorism , '' let alone success in achieving broader strategic objectives .
Choosing the right general in that war will not assure victory , but choosing the wrong one surely enhances the chances of failure .
Slowdown has cast a pallor over the Clinton Administration 's boasting , its promise that if a country adhered to capitalism American-style then it would be assured of unprecedented and sustained prosperity .
Uribe 's status as one of Latin America 's historic leaders was assured even before the rescue of Betancourt and the other hostages .
Indeed , the established concept of nuclear deterrence through `` mutual assured destruction '' -LRB- MAD -RRB- , which kept the peace between the Soviet Union and NATO , may not apply with a ruler like Ahmadinejad , who believes in the sacred merits of martyrdom .
Eyeball to Eyeball at the Top of the World NEW DELHI - -- When a foreign minister goes out of his way to assure reporters that there is no tension on his country 's borders with a powerful neighbor , the logical tendency is to wonder whether `` the lady doth protest too much . ''
At the end of February , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh assured Parliament that `` India would emerge the least affected among the countries of the world from the current economic crisis . ''
But Goal 8 assured them that they would not be alone in this effort .
In many such patients , doubling the dose of Plavix , and checking the platelet function with a point-of-care test to assure suppression , can override the lack of response .
Market efficiency and market completion theories can help reassure major financial institutions ' top executives that they must in some subtle way be doing God 's work , even when it looks at first sight as if some of their trading is simply speculation .
Unable to assure himself of a tame presidential successor , Kuchma wants what he calls a `` parliamentary republic '' with a weak president and powerful prime minister .
Although the job of maintaining Ukraine 's democracy is primarily one for Ukrainians , the EU can help if it takes practical steps to reassure Ukrainians that they wo n't be cut off from the rest of Europe .
We will need the solidarity of our neighbors , and of freedom-loving peoples around the world , to assure that our democratic dreams are realized in peace .
Only then can they be assured access to the resources essential for treatment options .
Such steps alone are unlikely to deter Iran or fully to reassure the region 's other states .
The former underscore his administration 's commitment to meeting its obligations under the NPT , while the latter reassure the US Congress and allies skeptical of bold new approaches .
Recent US-Russian dialogues have addressed ways to move from a world characterized by mutually assured destruction to one based on mutually assured stability .
To assist them in their tasks , and to assure that the great global issues of the day are addressed in a forum that unites and does not divide , the UN needs to be strengthened in the fields in which NGO 's are working so impressively .
That question has practical implications , for if the EU is to manifest itself as a free and open society it must assure its ability to function both effectively and efficiently when expansion takes place .
They may have been reassured by the SNB 's official statement that the appreciation represented `` an inappropriate tightening of monetary conditions , '' and that the policy move merely aims `` to prevent any further appreciation of the Swiss franc against the euro . ''
In this process , the world is assured that China will make every effort to address climate change .
Above all , we must assure that the armistice has its own dynamic .
