Hamas has , in the past , cooperated with some of the Salafis , assuming they would stand behind Hamas 's leadership .
During a visit of Turkey 's Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul to Israel in early January , there was serious discussion about Turkey assuming a mediating role between Israel and the Palestinians , as well as in future Syrian-Israeli talks .
· Radically alter Mexico 's drug policy by legalizing drugs and assuming the consequences in the United Nations and in relations with the US .
But it is one thing to take a calculated risk , as the Russians did in rightly assuming that the West would not go to war over Georgia ; it is another thing for Russia to jeopardize its colossal economic gains of recent years in an all-out confrontation with the West .
In their admirable march to civil liberty , the Arab peoples must face a preliminary test of any democracy , however incipient : assuming responsibility for the consequences of one 's decisions .
As a result , Europe is retreating into a narrow regional outlook -- and assuming that America will carry the burden of major global issues .
This is an important issue , to be sure , but the real question concerns the changes that Israel must undertake in exchange for this force being put in place and assuming the risk of such a mission .
STANFORD -- Canada 's Prime Minister Stephen Harper , by winning an outright majority of seats in his country 's parliament for the first time since assuming office , continues a remarkable series of national election victories , backed by voters demanding at least a pause , and perhaps some reversal , of the growth of the welfare state .
Having instead made the request for a warrant public , al-Bashir -- assuming the judges uphold the request -- can simply refrain from traveling abroad and thus avoid arrest .
The arrest warrant , assuming that the ICC issues it , seems unlikely to produce the extra-judicial effects -- the political and moral delegitimization of the accused -- that sometimes follow .
With economic growth slowing to a record 50-year low during his tenure , Chen Shui-bian is seeking ways to divert public attention by assuming the role of a daring leader ready to defend Taiwan 's sovereignty .
Aside from the poor , war-ravaged Balkan states -- Albania , Bosnia , Croatia , Macedonia , and whatever Serbia and Montenegro end up deciding to call themselves -- the only imaginable additional candidates , assuming that they are classified as `` European , '' are Russia , Belarus and Ukraine .
This means a willingness to ask , `` What else might happen ? , '' `` What if we 're wrong ? , '' `` What could happen next ? , '' and to look at the full range of potential outcomes -- at their costs as well as their benefits -- rather than assuming that results will match some fashionable ideology or favorite administration model .
Moreover , Barro complains that because Christina Romer , who heads President Barack Obama 's Council of Economic Advisers , has `` not -LRB- carried out -RRB- serious scientific research ... on spending multipliers ... , '' he `` can not understand her rationale for assuming values well above one ... '' To say that policymakers should rely only on their own personal research to formulate policy seems to me simply bizarre .
Though he does not sacrifice major moral principles for power , Ko¨tunica is not the unassuming lawyer he once was .
Imagine getting a copy of Tolstoi 's War and Peace in Russian and -LRB- assuming you ca n't read Russian -RRB- trying to figure out the story .
But these are risks worth taking if China is serious about assuming a global leadership role .
For China , leadership means assuming additional risks .
An invasion force , assuming that one could be mustered on short notice , would raise the stakes higher still .
It took China 's government a protracted sixteen years to negotiate its re-entry into the GATT\/WTO , but it soon showed its mettle by assuming joint leadership -LRB- along with Brazil , India , and South Africa -RRB- of the G-20 , a group of primarily dynamic developing countries that threw down the gauntlet to the industrialized powers at the Cancún WTO ministerial meeting in September 2003 .
The Global Impact of America 's Health Care Debate CAMBRIDGE -- Since assuming the presidency earlier this year , Barack Obama 's primary legislative focus has been on reforming the financing of American health care .
So , assuming that it intensifies further , Europe will rapidly face a grim alternative : either the richer and more stable economies in the North -- first and foremost Europe 's largest economy , Germany -- will use their greater financial resources to help the weaker euro-zone economies , or the euro will be endangered , and with it the whole project of European integration .
Hwang , for example , has lost his research license and has been banned from assuming another public post for five years .
In its most recent analysis , the US Department of Energy estimated that , using 2010 technology and assuming a production volume of 500,000 units , production costs for an 80-kilowatt fuel cell would be about $ 57 per kilowatt .
So what is to be done , assuming the US wants to retaliate without destabilizing its regional allies ?
Almost immediately after assuming office , the new governments ordered an end to music in public transport , required public buses to stand still for the five daily prayers , and closed down video shops and cinema houses .
Still , even assuming that the American public would tolerate such a presence , the Iraqi public would not .
The move symbolically rejected what the incoming government abandoned upon assuming office : Gandhi 's vision of an equitable and sustainable agrarian society based on self-sufficient , pared-down consumption .
Indeed , America 's superpower status makes it increasingly disadvantageous for its leaders to play by rules that , while repeatedly violated in the past , are now viewed as preventing the US from assuming a new role in international affairs .
And those arms sales were often closely tied to Putin 's foreign assertiveness , with the Russian army training and holding exercises in many places for the first time , including Venezuela , as if in preparation for another Cuban Missile Crisis , with Hugo Chávez assuming the role of Fidel Castro .
Upon assuming the presidency in 2008 , Medvedev proclaimed : `` We must achieve a true respect for law , and overcome the legal nihilism that is hampering modern development . '' And , in a much discussed newspaper article entitled `` Russia Forward , '' he declared , `` Should we continue to drag into the future our primitive raw-materials economy , endemic corruption , and inveterate habit of relying on the state to solve our problems ?
Since assuming office , President Barack Obama has made clear his desire to lift the federal ban on needle exchange in the United States .
But many Japanese were dumbfounded to learn that their finance minister began to grapple with the basic principles of economics only after assuming office .
In exchange for the US assuming the responsibilities of system maintenance , serving as market of last resort , and accepting the international role of the dollar , its key economic partners , Western Europe and Japan , acquiesced in the special privileges enjoyed by the US -- seigniorage gains , domestic macroeconomic-policy autonomy , and balance-of-payments flexibility .
Even assuming the best-case scenario -- that SARS is eliminated by the end of this year -- increased flu vaccination and better availability of diagnostics will benefit millions of people worldwide .
But the entire savings -LRB- assuming people did n't use more energy later in the night to make up for lost time -RRB- amounted to just ten tons of CO2 -- equivalent to just one Dane 's annual emissions for a full year .
Her style since arriving in Brussels as the EU 's foreign-policy chief has been distinctly unassuming , but that does not mean that she can not now show her mettle and seize the initiative .
A simple model based on prohibition and testing for gene modification will not be enough , assuming that detection is possible at all .
Without mitigation , and assuming that the high-growth developing countries reach current advanced-country levels of annual per capita CO2 emissions -LRB- 10 to 11 tons , though much higher in North America -RRB- , the current global average of 4.8 tons will almost double in 50 years , to 8.7 tons .
Even assuming that Mikhail Kasyanov , Boris Nemtsov , and Democratic Party leader Andrei Bogdanov somehow collect two million signatures each to get on the ballot , the outcome will be the same .
Many commentators have reproached Putin for agreeing to take a job that they say is beneath him -- assuming responsibility for road-building , social services , inflation , and many other problems that could undermine his popularity .
Even assuming China 's willingness to help Europe 's troubled economies , it would be able to contribute only a modest portion of the huge amount of financing required to restore confidence in European sovereign debt .
Within the president 's camp as well , there are discussions about the post-Ahmadinejad era and possible successors to him -- all , however , assuming regular presidential elections in 2013 .
By expanding our grasp of the vastness of the universe , science has , if anything , increased the awe and reverence we feel when we look up on a starry night -LRB- assuming , that is , that we have got far enough away from air pollution and excessive street lighting to see the stars properly -RRB- .
And very recently , retired General Mauro Enrique Tello Quinones , one of the most decorated officers in the Mexican army , was abducted , tortured , and killed less than a week after assuming a new position as anti-drug chief in the resort city of Cancun .
And incoming Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was asked almost nothing about Mexico at her confirmation hearing , and she emphasized relations with Mexico neither in her own statement nor in those she has made since assuming her post .
Once the monetary rules of the game incorporate the real exchange rate , and assuming that fiscal policy remains supportive , investors can look forward to a less volatile and more competitive currency .
The image most people will retain of Friedman is the smiling , diminutive , unassuming professor holding up a pencil in front of the cameras in `` Free to Choose '' to illustrate the power of markets .
When they do -- and assuming that the government does not suddenly tighten its belt -LRB- it has no credible plan to do so -RRB- -- there is every likelihood that America 's appetite for foreign cash will surge again .
Of course , the US government claims to want to rein in borrowing . But , assuming the economy must claw its way out of recession for at least another year or two , it is difficult to see how the government can fulfill its Pittsburgh pledge .
That is why , for example , so many keep assuming that a normal rapid recovery is just around the corner .
In the US , slower private-sector deleveraging -- given the fiscal stimulus from the extension of unemployment benefits for 13 months , the payroll-tax cut , and maintenance of current income-tax rates for another two years -- could lull policymakers into assuming that relatively large fiscal and current-account imbalances can continue indefinitely .
Investment strategies such as this must be entered into with caution : simply assuming that a past correlation will persist is never a good idea .
Instead of assuming a new national paradigm based on the reality of their accomplishments -LRB- national unity , robust international trade , and growing global influence -RRB- , China 's leaders cling to the old paradigm of their country as victim , the `` sick man of Asia '' being `` cut up like a melon '' by predatory imperial and colonial powers like Japan .
This can lead people to make serious mistakes , paying more for long-term assets than they should , even assuming that the economy will perform spectacularly well in the future .
Above all , we understand that sustained reform requires assuming responsibility by mobilizing the energy of one 's own people , not relying on well-intentioned but often ill-focused outside help .
But , assuming that the obstacle thrown up by Ireland 's voters can be overcome , experience has shown that the EU 's future evolution will be marked by increasingly centralized power in Brussels and the retreat of individual states .
The difficulties of living in such circumstances , however , are surely less daunting than the hazards David would have faced had he stayed in the orphanage -- assuming that he would have survived at all .
With charm and unassuming clear-headedness , she wrought a compromise from the G8 countries that may help save the world from the most severe devastations caused by global warming .
The classical economics of the 1920 's abstracted from the problem of unemployment by assuming that it did not exist .
Keynesian economics , in turn , abstracted from the problem of official incompetence and corruption by assuming that governments were run by omniscient , benevolent experts .
Today 's `` new classical economics '' abstracted from the problem of uncertainty by assuming that it could be reduced to measurable -LRB- or hedgeable -RRB- risk .
With Recep Tayyip Erdo?an now elected to another term as Turkey 's prime minister , and with Poland , a country well acquainted with the importance of Europe 's strategic position in the world , assuming the EU presidency at the end of the month , now is a time for the Union and Turkey to `` reset '' their negotiations over Turkish membership .
? assuming greater global responsibilities .
With the government assuming credit risk , mortgages become as safe as government bonds of comparable maturity .
Of course , before being bailed out by governments , banks had never made any return in their history , assuming that their assets are properly marked to market .
But there is good news : for individual patients with depression , the possibility of getting completely well is high , assuming that effective treatments are used in a skillful and persistent way .
Because the region shares many outward forms of European culture , it is a short step to assuming that recent moves to free-markets and democracy will be seamless and permanent .
Meanwhile , Brazil is intent on assuming a regional and global political role that corresponds to its growing economic weight .
Many Western governments , however , refuse to place their forces under AU command , owing to its perceived weaknesses , and have conditioned further support for peacekeeping operations in Darfur on the UN 's assuming control .
Just as the conventional wisdom that all networked water and sanitation systems are good investments can be wrong , it can be wrong in assuming that all dams are bad investments .
But one can envisage a system in which international reserves are held each in roughly equal shares of dollars , euros -LRB- assuming a further gradual increase in its share -RRB- , and SDRs .
