European culture remains profoundly affected by the Marxist intellectual tradition in which classes are viewed as cast in stone -- which implies that it is almost impossible for a poor person to become rich , or , apropos the tradition , for a `` proletarian '' to become a `` capitalist . '' Marxism assumes social immobility to justify the concept of `` class . ''
Such largesse betrays a fundamental misunderstanding of the causes of today 's discontent , because it assumes that these causes are purely material .
At the outset , it must be stressed that , in seeking earlier entry into the EMU a country assumes a more ambitious fiscal and structural program than would be needed if EMU membership is delayed .
But , as Donald Tusk 's new government assumes office it is important to learn the lessons that their defeat holds for all of us .
If it is driven by a Western guilt complex that assumes that the solution simply lies in greater empathy for the Muslim predicament , then the skeptics are bound to be vindicated .
Abbas assumes that from the moment his state is recognized by the United Nations Security Council , Israel will become the illegal occupier of a sovereign state -LRB- and a full member of the UN -RRB- .
The message emanating now from the US is not one of non-interventionism , but a strategy of restraint that assumes that there are limits to American power and seeks to minimize the risk of entanglement in foreign conflicts .
Iran is working to ensure that free elections open the way to truly Islamic regimes in the Arab world , while Turkey assumes that its own political brand , a synthesis of Islam and democracy with secular values , should ultimately prevail .
The seemingly objective top-down approach ignores the idiosyncratic nature of risk and assumes that one mortgage loan is like the next .
Ever since Laurent Fabius took a hit in the polls when he mocked her candidacy by asking , `` Who will mind the children ? '' , her opponents have feared appearing misogynous when attacking her , and when they do criticize her , she immediately assumes the pose of innocent victim , unfairly bashed by schoolboy bullies .
There is no reason to believe that Goodluck Jonathan will preemptively resign , and removing him from office if he assumes the presidency might well stoke unprecedented violence in the Delta .
Unfortunately , this elegant solution assumes away all the problems associated with the complex web of contracts and relationships that constitutes the financial system , the limited information of all the affected parties , and the incentive of each of those parties to protect its own interests .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy has regularly complained about the damaging consequences of excess currency volatility , and has called for exchange rates and international monetary conditions to be at the top of the G-20 agenda when France assumes the group 's presidency this November .
Finally , Barro assumes that higher spending in 2009-2010 will have to be offset by higher taxes later , claiming that `` the timing of future taxes does not matter . ''
But this assumes that all of them are constructed according to schedule , and the nuclear industry has rarely met its promised construction deadlines .
All of this assumes that political leaders would select only a policy change that they think will be in their nation 's long-term interest .
But such an initiative can succeed only if the American administration assumes leadership among the Western nations and sits down at the negotiating table with Iran .
Their actions , their every word or wink , suddenly assumes immense importance .
The argument against the fence on the West Bank assumes that the settlers are there illegally and therefore are not entitled to the protection of a defensive barrier .
The fence assumes that they , as a people , are the source of the deadly threats to the settlers .
Indeed , Lomborg 's case would seem to support the accusatorial model of ethics review , which assumes that scientists adequately regulate their own affairs through normal peer-review procedures .
The accusatorial system is designed for those relatively rare cases when error slips through the peer-review net , resulting in some concrete damage to health or the environment , or causing the corruption of later research that assumes the validity of fraudulent work .
But this view assumes that all member states adhere to the Union 's underlying economic values of fiscal prudence and market reform .
But that will end when the next generation of leaders assumes power in 2012 .
If India is lucky , when he assumes leadership of the Congress Party he will let himself be as inspired by Mahatma Gandhi 's vision for India as by that of his great-grandfather .
The decoupling argument also assumes that recession in America has no effect on Asia .
To help industries in the region upgrade environmentally , firms can now obtain special loans for which the Asian Development Bank assumes the risk -- a program made possible by Hong Kong 's sound banking practices .
The ¤ 2.5 billion estimate assumes that politicians pick the cheapest renewable energy alternative .
Using the Danish figures to calculate EU-wide costs , the total is likely to be more than ¤ 150 billion annually , with every euro doing just half a cent worth of good . And this assumes that politicians pick the best options , and that oppositions do n't try to out-do their governments .
American foreign policy assumes that diplomatic relations with Iran are somehow an act of approval .
Rather , Japan has initiated a series of abrupt policy changes , while the US , only dimly aware of the significance of its relative decline , assumes that Japan 's decades-long docility will continue .
The belief that terrorism can not be eradicated assumes that the ability to tolerate terrorist attacks -- to `` ride out the storm '' -- is greater than the willingness of terrorists to persist , or even escalate the attacks .
For instance , it assumes that terrorists and their supporters do not understand their own anger .
The Bush position also assumes that fundamental political and economic change is feasible and affordable -- that open political and economic systems can be sustained with only modest effort -- because the desire for freedom and prosperity is universal .
Finally , this perspective assumes that democracies will be willing or able to control radicalism and crack down on extremists .
But this assumes that our income relative to the income of others does not matter .
Because the US is such an outspoken proponent of human rights internationally , its failure to respect rights assumes added significance , contributing to a rising tide of anti-Americanism in much of the world .
But this assumes that Iraqi forces are up to the task , and that Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki 's government , which rests upon Shiite militia support , can play a competent and evenhanded role .
One reason why acquaculture 's practitioners can get away with this is that the public assumes that all of these operations are similar , and that they all add to the global fish supply . This is simply not the case .
This estimate may look astonishingly high , but it is relatively conservative , as it assumes that only one-quarter of the initial shock will result in permanently lower output .
Moreover , the report assumes that monetary policy can offset part of the shock , which may not be true where near-zero interest rates already prevail -- or in the euro area where the effort may vary across countries while monetary policy is uniform .
The law assumes a moral consensus among states and warlords that exists only in rhetoric .
Financial players use derivatives to transfer risk : one player assumes the risk of , say , euro fluctuation , but does n't want yen risk , while for another , it 's the opposite .
Moreover , it is not clear that the EIB can get further help from reinsurers in managing the risks it assumes by issuing such bonds because reinsurers do not yet see how they can fully hedge the risks involved .
The plan assumes a 6.5 % real return for stocks -- only slightly below Siegel 's constant -- in future decades .
They have only limited land , and if one assumes ever-increasing GDP and rising income inequality , there will always be more and more wealthy people to bid up prices in these scarce areas .
All of this is relevant to financial markets because the `` efficient market hypothesis '' -- the dominant paradigm in finance -- assumes that everyone has perfect information , and therefore that all prices express the real value of goods for sale .
This line of reasoning assumes that markets are perfectly efficient . If they go wrong , it must be because of mistakes in policy .
Indeed , the Chicago School tacitly assumes that economies are always at full employment .
The Vickers commission 's proposals also depend on sophisticated regulation , which assumes , against history , that regulators will always be one step ahead of bankers .
France , when it assumes leadership of the G-20 after the Seoul summit , must move quickly to redress these shortcomings .
His campaign assumes that people do not really care about the truth and will believe almost anything if it is repeated often enough .
Spain , which has been more successful in dealing with its Roma problem than other countries , can take the lead this month as it assumes the European Union presidency .
That view belongs to a school of modern macroeconomics that assumes rational expectations and perfectly functioning markets .
But this assumes that Europe is willing and able to benefit from what Turkey has to offer .
For example , Blueprints assumes CO2 is captured at 90 % of all coal - and gas-fired power plants in developed countries by 2050 , plus at least 50 % of those in non-OECD countries .
Hardliners in Israel naturally regret the end of the Bush administration , for they know that , even if President Barack Obama does not dramatically change US policy toward Israel once he assumes power , he will not repeat Bush 's unconditional support .
The second prescription assumes that if , for any reason , a country does end up in the danger zone , only two responses make economic sense .
