But much of this discussion is merely a form of `` political correctness . '' It is more reassuring - and `` feels better '' - to tell Europeans that growth is sluggish because society is not sufficiently knowledge-based , rather than pointing to the trade-off between vacations and growth .
Even after the Gulf war , he failed to realize that the Iraqi officials , who were again assuring the UN that they were hiding nothing , were but consummate liars .
By contrast , unilaterally announcing the withdrawal - and then unilaterally implementing it - may harm the very purpose that the remaining US troops in Asia are intended to serve : assuring deterrence , stability , and nonproliferation in Korea and Asia .
So far , Erdogan has played the European card skillfully , reassuring Turkey 's western allies and boxing in the Turkish military , which remains skeptical of his party 's intentions .
Like the customers in that Ukrainian-style village restaurant , perhaps Putin found his attic ark reassuring in some unconscious way .
Americans tend to find this expectation of commensurability suffocating , while Europeans find it reassuring and liberating .
Israel expects the Obama administration not only to appreciate the unique context of its ambiguous nuclear status , but also to recognize that it can not be forthcoming in assuring its neighbors or the rest of the world regarding its nuclear program unless the Middle East political environment changes in a radically positive way .
Semantic technology promises other means of assuring quality , by detecting the richness and coherence of the concepts encountered in a given text .
Under all the confident-sounding dismissals of US power , there is still some yearning to return to a more reassuring time , when the democratic world could lay its collective head on Uncle Sam 's broad shoulders .
And , in December , a delegation of European far-right politicians toured Jewish settlements on the occupied West Bank , pleasing their hosts by reassuring them that this was `` Jewish land . ''
The prevailing attitude in Taiwan toward reunification is highly skeptical ; enactment of strict security laws in Hong Kong will hardly be seen as reassuring .
For Latin American policymakers , assuring food security can really be achieved only if a new international regime of genuinely free trade for agricultural commodities is built .
The final hit is comes in the form of the resignation of the IMF 's first deputy managing director , Stanley Fischer , who was in charge of assuring continuity and good sense as well as staff morale .
Reassuring the markets by adopting structural reforms , he has observed , is properly the responsibility of those governments , not of the central bank .
Here , the early signs are reassuring .
Twenty years seems to be what it takes Europe to change , and that is anything but reassuring .
It is for this reason that securing the independence of Ukraine is so important , as is assuring Turkey 's European orientation .
This means assuring compassionate nursing home care , coordinated management of chronic diseases , and competent palliative care as death approaches , rather than using ever more technology to try to eke out a little more life .
This is somewhat reassuring .
Officials want to be reassuring .
The implications , however , are hardly reassuring .
Nor is it reassuring to recall that China , up to now , has been stubbornly watering down sanctions on Iran , investing in major offensive military systems , and pillorying Western leaders for irresponsible financial policies and protectionism .
The parallel between bewildering and apparently meaningless art and unintelligible financial products is damning rather than reassuring .
The European stress tests , by themselves , were reassuring and produced no surprises .
But that is not necessarily reassuring news for the rest of the economy .
But , in 2009 , it would not hurt if China 's leadership also took note of the need to continue assuring the world of its commitment to a `` peaceful rise , '' and to do so by boldly addressing some of the unresolved issues that this year 's anniversaries will highlight .
One minute , President Vladimir Putin 's regime is on a charm offensive , desiring a settlement to its six-decade-old territorial dispute with Japan over the Kurile Islands and reassuring investors following the conviction of oil billionaire Mikhail Khodorkovsky .
Ukraine 's international reserves are a reassuring $ 26 billion , roughly one-quarter of the country 's GDP .
We can not send brave UN staff -- 25 of whom died this year -- around the world without assuring their security .
For Kan , the real priority was his government 's effort to maintain its grip on power , not reassuring Japan 's neighbors of the actions it was taking to contain a potential threat to their citizens .
Even more reassuring were the principles that will , according to Gates , guide America 's future Asian strategy : free and open commerce ; support for the rule of law and the rights , responsibilities , and sovereignty of Asia 's states ; open access to Asian and global sea lanes , airspace , and cyberspace ; and peaceful resolution of all conflicts .
And , if a shock can be said to be reassuring , this one certainly soothed Asian concerns about America 's enduring commitment to regional security .
But the reality is less re-assuring . A closer look reveals that the Balkans currently is a mixture of Greek-style economic problems , Berlusconi-style politics , and Turkish-style enthusiasm when it comes to the EU 's will to integrate the countries of the region .
The Ellwanger case arose because many believe that anti-racism laws can be effective in reassuring minorities of their safety and place in the community .
But we must guard against the re-emergence of significant imbalances , which means , in part , assuring the exchange-rate flexibility that must play a critical role in allowing needed economic adjustments to occur .
So far , Brussels ' response has been less than reassuring .
In other terms , they do n't want only a receptive ear , but a reassuring , authoritative , and competent figure .
He looks more reassuring than Sarkozy and sounds more competent than Royal .
That means emphasizing in a reassuring way , economic credibility for Segolene Royal , and social compassion for Nicolas Sarkozy .
At the start of the crisis , many people likened it to 1982 or 1973 , which was reassuring , because both dates refer to classical cyclical downturns .
Indeed , on the surface it seems to be its perfect antithesis : the collapse of a wall symbolizing oppression and artificial divisions versus the collapse of a seemingly indestructible and reassuring institution of financial capitalism .
But , in the aftermath of the Norwegian tragedy , many French like the idea , rightly or wrongly , that in France no gathering of hundreds of young people could have taken place without the reassuring presence of well-armed policemen .
This time , however , the report is less clear , less reassuring .
He suppressed the Kurds , reassuring both Turkey and Syria , countries with sizeable -- and restive -- minority populations of their own .
He put his oil reserves to good use , providing Jordan and Syria -- each a failing economy -- with deeply discounted supplies , assuring their goodwill .
In the end , United Russia secured 37 % of the vote , with the additional seats it gained in the single-seat constituencies assuring it an overwhelming parliamentary majority .
In her analysis , it serves everyone for men and women to share their sometimes different but often complementary strengths -- a conclusion that seems reassuring , not oppressive .
Toledo 's advisors had urged honesty , assuring him that he would rise in public esteem by coming clean .
But it has yet to send convincing and reassuring signals towards Lebanon .
More problematic is assuring domestic stability .
Colombia and the International Crisis BOGOTA -- Just five months ago , Colombia 's government was assuring its citizens that they were protected from the international crisis .
A more accurate , if less reassuring , term for the ongoing crisis is the `` Second Great Contraction . ''
Reassuring alliance governments does not require only that `` any constructive engagement would have to be based on military reassurances within NATO , '' as prominent experts like Wolfgang Ischinger and Ulrich Weisser have said .
The army has always been the strongest bulwark in assuring that Pakistan does not go the way of Iran .
Charity inspires , reassuring us of our humanity , but it is often capricious .
It is aimed at dealing with long-term changes in the labor market , rather than assuring temporary wage levels .
It would then be reassuring to believe that killing on such a vast scale does not matter , because fish do not feel pain .
The answer to the first question is reassuring ; the answer to the second is not .
The Asar Party , founded and led by President Nazarbayev 's daughter , was expected to claim second place , assuring her eventual succession .
Unfortunately , Dr. Krueger 's track record is not reassuring .
