The respite from the horrendous spate of suicide bombings since the new government assumed power is similarly heartening .
Hassan Yusuf , a Hamas leader who was recently released from an Israeli jail after 28 months of administrative internment , explained to Al-Jazeera that `` if Hamas assumed the leadership at this time , it would be vilified and isolated by the international community , and then the people would suffer . ''
To put it crudely , but candidly , indifference comes easy if the poor are assumed to be mostly `` black . ''
Rodents , in particular , are sensitive to these noises , and studies show that this sensitivity does not diminish with time , as is commonly assumed .
Good Capitalism , Bad Capitalism Many people assumed that when the Berlin Wall fell in 1989 , `` capitalism '' had won the ideological cold war and that `` communism '' had lost .
After Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers melted down , ushering in a worldwide crisis , media reports largely assumed that the wealth of these firms ' executives was wiped out , together with that of the firms they navigated into disaster .
The Congress seemed to demonstrate three main points : Fatah has moved toward peace with Israel ; it has adopted democratic procedures ; and a new generation , or even a specific group called the Young Guard , has assumed leadership .
Many assumed that Musharraf would follow the lead of his military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near .
Gates , deeply conscious , indeed a specialist of the terrible history of race relations in his country , instinctively assumed that he was a victim of prejudice .
Once the job was done , it was assumed that the migrants would go home .
Indeed , Japan 's powerful bureaucrats , normally assumed to know what they are doing , appeared to be as helpless as elected politicians .
SEOUL -- There was a time , not long after the Cold War 's end , when almost everyone assumed that North Korea would soon collapse .
Israel and the US refused to accept the right of Palestinians to form a unity government with Hamas and Fatah and now , after internal strife , Hamas alone controls Gaza . Forty-one of the 43 victorious Hamas candidates who lived in the West Bank are now imprisoned by Israel , plus an additional ten who assumed positions in the short-lived coalition cabinet .
The assumed normality of belief in the inevitability of secularization tends to reproduce itself , as well as to appear increasingly irreversible .
An Argentine naval officer who had resettled in Mexico under an assumed name was wanted by Spain on charges of genocide , torture , and terrorism .
Despite several weeks of intense US pressure to soften - or even retract - the proposed law , China 's leaders did little more than attempt to reinforce their position that `` non-peaceful '' -LRB- i.e. , military -RRB- measures would serve strictly as a last resort - which had already been assumed anyway .
I have always assumed that the Germans would eventually recognize that their interests lie in preserving the eurozone intact .
That is hardly surprising , as previously revered firms revealed that they did not fully understand the very instruments they dealt in or the risks they assumed .
In the US , the key driver of the biggest institutions ' decision-making is the Fed 's stress tests , which essentially assumed that everything that could go wrong would go wrong .
All bodies are assumed to be `` open access '' now , just as women 's have always been .
But on other issues , Ban has failed to live up to the critically important precedent set by his predecessor as Secretary-General , Kofi Annan , who transformed the position to promote human rights and assumed the role of the `` world 's conscience '' when necessary .
It was assumed that Cyprus should be united when the country joined the EU in 2004 .
Then the French president assumed the role of kindergarten instructor vis-à-vis what he called `` badly brought up '' candidate countries , telling them that they were `` ill-behaved '' and that `` they missed a great opportunity to shut up . ''
This is good news for China 's economy , but disappointing , perhaps , to those who assumed that the government would allow the bubble to grow bigger and bigger , eventually precipitating a crash .
Reagan had four key economic goals when he assumed office in 1981 : reduce inflation , reduce high personal tax rates , reduce the size of government , and reduce regulation of the private sector .
These undesirable consequences of the expansion of world markets have assumed alarming proportions within a relatively short period of time .
In view of the serious risks that Europe has assumed , in full awareness of the consequences , it is of the utmost importance that a European `` Grand Strategy '' for the Eastern Mediterranean and the Middle East be developed , so that Europe can calmly and clearly define its interests .
At least until recently , the international community assumed this to be the likely reading of Article 49 because , in drafting the crimes subject to prosecution in the International Criminal Court , the concept of transfer was expanded to include the Occupying Power 's `` direct and indirect transfer '' of its population into occupied territories .
Although many observers accept a degree of subjectivity in the literature and peace prizes , the science prizes have long been assumed to be an objective measure of excellence .
The Bush administration seems to have assumed in its approach to post-Saddam Iraq that both democracy and a market economy were default conditions to which societies would revert once oppressive tyranny was removed , rather than a series of complex , interdependent institutions that had to be painstakingly built over time .
It is often assumed that everyone recoils at the prospect that there are genetic limits to our capacity for change .
In both cases , it is assumed that the value of the exchanged good is decided shortly after its delivery according to how it satisfies an immediate need .
Back then , it was assumed that the benefits of academic training accrued not only , or even primarily , to those who experienced it but also , and more importantly , to the rest of the population , whose lives were variously enriched by the application of the arts and sciences .
But in Burma today , this spiritual philosophy , rooted in compassion and non-violence , has assumed unexpected dimensions of defiance and recalcitrance , as monks challenge the hegemony of the military junta that rules our country .
Declarations by German Chancellor Angela Merkel , whose country assumed the European Union 's rotating six-month presidency at the beginning of the year 2007 , are unambiguous : the period of reflection , approved by the European Commission in 2005 , has ended .
It is usually assumed that developing economies need to build resources that emulate those in the developed world , but this could actually stifle the most creative thinking .
People rarely consider that the tangible features assumed to be intrinsic to the `` computer '' were imitations of other objects , with keyboards inherited from typewriters and screens from television .
When the EFSF was created , it was assumed that the only problem was to ensure financing for the government deficits of the four prospective problem countries -LRB- Portugal , Ireland , Greece , and Spain -RRB- .
Until now , it had been assumed that the cost of exit would be so high that no country would consider it .
Schröders failures are less connected with his personal qualities and politics than is often assumed .
The SDIH is sometimes assumed to be a fundamental law of visual perception .
But they also assumed that unconscious , unresolved psychological conflicts caused depression .
In order to abolish this unwarranted psychoanalytic assumption , the researchers abandoned the attempt to distinguish natural from disordered conditions by context or etiology and assumed that all conditions that met the symptom-based criteria were disordered .
NATO assumed responsibility for providing security for all of Afghanistan in October . While about 8,000 of the 20,000 US troops in Afghanistan operate independently , the rest have joined the most ambitious military venture in NATO 's history , the International Security Assistance Force -LRB- ISAF -RRB- .
As a result , people assumed that the problem of monetary stability had been solved , and that they could pile up assets and then use them as collateral to borrow ever-larger sums .
As exchange markets became ever bigger during the past 20 years , most commentators assumed that central banks ' ability to influence exchange rates through intervention had shrunk radically .
In the initial aftermath of the financial crisis , it was widely assumed that currency flexibility gave the United Kingdom an advantage over eurozone members like Spain .
Nuclear deterrence and `` mutually assured destruction '' would be passé only if we assumed that we -- people , countries , and humankind at large -- had become so ideal and humane that we no longer needed self-deterrence .
In the Middle East and Central Asia , this policy seems at times to have assumed predominance comparable to that of the former doctrine of deterrence deployed against the Soviet Union and its Communist allies .
The seven years since Putin assumed power in the Kremlin have been a time of conflicting signals .
The elections earlier this year , which many at first assumed were a sham , now appear to have produced changes to which Asia 's countries will need to collectively and individually respond .
India 's encounter with the West over the past three centuries underscores the distinction between the two processes - modernization and Westernization - that are often assumed to be synonymous .
As pesticides are assumed to have adverse effects on natural capital they are inconsistent with sustainable development .
Rudra assumed that caste existed in ancient India because , despite the unreliable historical record , the caste system is so manifest even today .
They assumed that Czech and Polish leaders -- who were strongly pro-American -- would willingly agree to deployment , and that public opinion in both countries would go along with whatever the governments decided .
US officials assumed that it was sufficient to have the consent of the governments and failed to recognize the degree to which these countries have become increasingly `` Europeanized '' in the last decade .
As impressive as Europe 's history has been since the Treaty of Rome established the European Economic Community in 1957 , by no means should it be assumed that the EU has become permanent .
It had been assumed that thousands of Hezbollah rockets fired in concentrated barrages -- which cancel out the inaccuracy of unguided rockets and powerfully compound blast effects -- would kill many civilians , perhaps hundreds each day .
I assumed that I was supposed to be provoked into unguarded comments , a method that fashionable TV journalists everywhere use nowadays .
After Houphouet-Boigny 's death in 1993 , Henri Konan Bédié assumed the presidency and revised the electoral code to bar Ouattara from entering the 1995 presidential contest on the grounds that he was not an Ivorian national .
China 's Grand Africa Strategy Ever since the Berlin conference of 1883 , which Belgium 's King Leopold II called `` the sharing of Africa 's cake , '' the West has assumed exclusive rights over sub-Saharan Africa .
Early plans for military reconnaissance stations assumed that soldiers would be stationed on board .
This experiment assumed that each member of the ECB 's Governing Council casts votes on the basis of the difference between his country 's inflation rate and the average inflation rate in the euro area during the previous month .
Finally , I assumed that all policy decisions were made on the basis of a simple majority vote .
Here was reform `` by the numbers '' : shrink the state , it was assumed , and government would run more smoothly .
We assumed that family ties and non-directedness would preclude coercion and commerce .
In the past , other interests , such as securing a steady flow of oil or obtaining cooperation on counter-terrorism , assumed priority .
He then assumed the European Union presidency just days after the resounding Irish `` No '' to the Lisbon Treaty reduced his role to an exercise in damage control at best .
The consequences of 1989 ended up being less enduring than many observers , including me , would have assumed .
In our globalized world , the potential divorce between elections and democracy has assumed a new dimension .
Many officials -LRB- and the analysts and advisers who support them -RRB- assumed that this magic number represents the minimum rate needed to provide jobs to workers and managers and absorb the more than six million new graduates who spill out of China 's campuses each year in search of employment .
If today 's protest movements are based on righteous indignation , the lack of concrete demands should not be a problem : shared norms -LRB- and the policies that would follow from them -RRB- can still broadly be assumed .
It is assumed in such circumstances that the violence will be carried out by those who sympathize with the views of the person inciting hatred . An example would be a mob attack on a member of a racial or religious group in direct response to a speech urging an assault on members of that group .
But , however heartfelt , such complaints assumed that men choose all of their behavior .
In the past , it was assumed that military power dominated most issues , but in today 's world , the contexts of power differ greatly .
Ferguson believes that a doubling of public debt in the coming decade can not erode US strength on its own , but that it could weaken a long-assumed faith in America 's ability to weather any crisis .
Traditionally , analysts assumed that victory went to the side with the better army or the larger force ; in an information age , the outcome is also influenced by who has the better story .
More recently , the state assumed the liabilities of rogue property developers by setting up a `` bad bank '' which could potentially saddle Irish taxpayers with a mountain of debt for decades to come .
During the Gorbachev era , it was assumed that the West would stick to the essence of its Cold War containment policies .
Toledo assumed the presidency planning to dismantle the corruption that marked Fujimori 's administrations and end the reign of his crooked chief of intelligence , Vladimiro Montesinos .
Each used technology that engineers had been confidently employing for bridges , and for which the assumed loads and methods of analysis were well established . In every case , engineers believed that they were just building incrementally on successful practice .
Estimates of the number of extinctions have tended to vary wildly , owing to differences in the assumed total number of species , which range from the one million species that have scientific names to an implausibly high estimate of 100 million species .
In Siberia , vast quantities of methane , an extremely potent greenhouse gas , are locked up in what used to be called `` permafrost '' -- regions in which it was assumed that the ground was permanently frozen .
The Libya Option In Iran LOS ANGELES -- International efforts to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons will be given a new lease on life this month , because France has assumed the presidency of the United Nations Security Council .
MEXICO CITY -- Shortly before America 's elections last November , then vice-presidential candidate Joseph Biden was widely criticized for predicting that an Obama administration would almost certainly be tested by what he called a `` generated '' international crisis , in much the way that the Soviet Union `` tested '' John F. Kennedy shortly after he assumed office .
But , until the financial crisis , most Europeans assumed they were now far too wealthy to ever face the humiliation of asking the IMF for financial assistance .
Sarkozy correctly assumed that managers of publicly-traded firms , much like politicians , are public figures who should be held to a minimum ethical standard of behavior .
Instead , an independent commission should be established to examine the previous regime 's foreign-borrowing policy , its objectives and effects , and what lenders knew -LRB- or could reasonably be assumed to have known -RRB- about those objectives and effects .
Globalization has assumed a new form : global mass politics .
Even adjusted for purchasing power , India 's middle class today probably totals no more than 70 million -LRB- far smaller than is generally assumed -RRB- .
It is difficult to judge whether it is the symbolism of such deals , concerns about national security , or the slowly dawning recognition that America 's position of assumed economic preeminence is being challenged that upsets Americans most .
Family and friends assumed that Public Security Bureau police detained them and that the couple would be released after the June 4 anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre of fifteen years ago passed .
In everyday life the two types of Turkish women are more mixed than they are usually assumed to be .
Chen 's personal wealth grew conspicuously shortly after he assumed office , but no one could produce hard evidence of his corruption back then .
But nowhere are bubbles modeled : the economy is assumed to do nothing more than respond in a completely rational way to these external shocks .
Grozny was totally destroyed during the first Chechen war ; both Russian and foreign observers compared it with WWII Stalingrad and assumed that it would be impossible to restore the city .
The use of the term `` slavery '' in relation to something that it is wrong to do to animals is especially significant , for until now it has been assumed that animals are rightly our slaves , to use as we wish , whether to pull our carts , be models of human diseases for research , or produce eggs , milk , or flesh for us to eat .
But , until recently , it was assumed that persons appointed to advise the sovereign were already of sufficient honesty and integrity to do so .
They were assumed to be recruited from groups with internalized codes of honor .
The chief task that John Maynard Keynes set himself in writing his General Theory of Employment , Interest , and Money was to uncover the deep axioms underlying the economic orthodoxy of his day , which assumed away the possibility of persistent mass unemployment .
In other words , we may be reverting to that cyclical pattern that historians assumed to be axiomatic before the seemingly irreversible rise of the West implanted in them a view of linear progress toward greater reason and freedom .
The United Kingdom and France each recently lent $ 2 billion worth of SDRs to a special fund at the IMF to support concessionary lending to the poorest countries . At that point , the IMF assumed responsibility for the principal and interest on the SDRs .
Having initially been shunned , it has assumed a key role in financing -- and , more importantly , implementing -- fiscal-stabilization programs for the European Union 's peripheral countries .
The Obama administration then assumed responsibility for organizing the government 's efforts to boost recovery , the centerpiece being a large stimulus package to shore up the real economy .
Wilhelm assumed the throne in 1888 at age 29 , his liberal father having reigned for 88 days before succumbing to throat cancer .
Moreover , the plan assumed that the fundamental problem was one of confidence .
The Federal government has assumed trillions of dollars of liabilities and risks . In rescuing the financial system , no less than in fiscal policy , we need to worry about the `` bang for the buck . ''
For the past three decades , one strand within the economics profession was constructing models that assumed that markets worked perfectly .
Credit risk in the mortgage market is being assumed by the government , and market risk by the Fed .
In other words , individuals -- usually assumed to be identical -- fully use all available information to forecast the future in an environment of perfect competition , no capital market shortcomings , and full insurance of all risks .
The Chinese soldiers allegedly assumed firing positions , leading the Indians to withdraw in order not to provoke a shooting match .
China 's dedicated athletes are widely assumed to have dozens of gold and silver medals in their grasp .
But the five big countries now also on the Council will expect to be consulted ; their acquiescence on key questions can not simply be assumed .
Yet , it remains controversial because it is often assumed that it implies the use of military force for purposes of humanitarian intervention .
Unfortunately , in the aftermath of the Cold War , it has often been assumed that Russia 's hostile intentions have disappeared , and foreign policy toward Russia has been conducted as if traditional diplomatic considerations no longer apply .
She assumed the presidency after Perón 's death in July 1974 , only to fall abjectly under the astrologer 's influence .
But Obama 's actions have been considerably more restrained than is often assumed .
The health advantages of providing networked water supplies are less dramatic than is often assumed .
