The respite from the horrendous spate of suicide bombings since the new government assumed power is similarly heartening .
While the US has a major stake in the outcome , EU countries obviously have the most significant interests in the region , and perhaps this time they will assume a corresponding leadership role .
Hassan Yusuf , a Hamas leader who was recently released from an Israeli jail after 28 months of administrative internment , explained to Al-Jazeera that `` if Hamas assumed the leadership at this time , it would be vilified and isolated by the international community , and then the people would suffer . ''
European culture remains profoundly affected by the Marxist intellectual tradition in which classes are viewed as cast in stone -- which implies that it is almost impossible for a poor person to become rich , or , apropos the tradition , for a `` proletarian '' to become a `` capitalist . '' Marxism assumes social immobility to justify the concept of `` class . ''
To put it crudely , but candidly , indifference comes easy if the poor are assumed to be mostly `` black . ''
In spite of these possibilities , let 's assume that plans for energy independence succeed , and that several European countries , the United States , Japan , China , and India become self-sufficient .
Instead , Europeans must assume a fairer share of the transatlantic burden , putting in place a truly common European foreign policy , and think and act as a regional power with a global outreach .
Such largesse betrays a fundamental misunderstanding of the causes of today 's discontent , because it assumes that these causes are purely material .
Because no single EU state can provide the dominant leadership America provided NATO during the Cold War , Britain , France , and Germany must assume this role in Europe .
At the outset , it must be stressed that , in seeking earlier entry into the EMU a country assumes a more ambitious fiscal and structural program than would be needed if EMU membership is delayed .
But , as Donald Tusk 's new government assumes office it is important to learn the lessons that their defeat holds for all of us .
Rodents , in particular , are sensitive to these noises , and studies show that this sensitivity does not diminish with time , as is commonly assumed .
Good Capitalism , Bad Capitalism Many people assumed that when the Berlin Wall fell in 1989 , `` capitalism '' had won the ideological cold war and that `` communism '' had lost .
After Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers melted down , ushering in a worldwide crisis , media reports largely assumed that the wealth of these firms ' executives was wiped out , together with that of the firms they navigated into disaster .
If it is driven by a Western guilt complex that assumes that the solution simply lies in greater empathy for the Muslim predicament , then the skeptics are bound to be vindicated .
Moreover , reoccupation of Gaza would force Israel to reassume full and exclusive responsibility for the 1.5 million Palestinians now under Hamas control .
When it sought to assume a leading role -- during the first Intifada in 1987 , for example , its effort was suppressed by the diaspora-based PLO .
It is not entirely far-fetched to assume that an `` Obama effect '' is having an impact on Israel 's current international predicament .
But , unlike the EU , the Dominican Republic is not an economic giant that can assume exclusive responsibility for extracting Haiti from its Biblical destitution .
It is not entirely far-fetched to assume that Netanyahu finally calculated that if he wants more room to maneuver to deal with Iran , he must participate in the peace process with the Palestinians .
Abbas assumes that from the moment his state is recognized by the United Nations Security Council , Israel will become the illegal occupier of a sovereign state -LRB- and a full member of the UN -RRB- .
Egypt was ruled as a police state , and , with a gigantic and all-pervasive security apparatus , the army might be tempted to assume the role of guardian of order and stability if democracy proves too messy .
The message emanating now from the US is not one of non-interventionism , but a strategy of restraint that assumes that there are limits to American power and seeks to minimize the risk of entanglement in foreign conflicts .
Iran is working to ensure that free elections open the way to truly Islamic regimes in the Arab world , while Turkey assumes that its own political brand , a synthesis of Islam and democracy with secular values , should ultimately prevail .
That is , when the effects of a financial institution 's activities are sufficiently large , the country affected should be allowed to assume regulatory power , irrespective of the institution 's domicile .
The seemingly objective top-down approach ignores the idiosyncratic nature of risk and assumes that one mortgage loan is like the next .
Recognizing that the death of a child from a mosquito bite is unacceptable in the twenty-first century , ALMA leaders understand that the most effective way to ensure that recent gains are sustained is to assume leadership and ownership of the challenge .
Indeed , many now apparently assume that their countries have become immune to future shocks .
Ever since Laurent Fabius took a hit in the polls when he mocked her candidacy by asking , `` Who will mind the children ? '' , her opponents have feared appearing misogynous when attacking her , and when they do criticize her , she immediately assumes the pose of innocent victim , unfairly bashed by schoolboy bullies .
One can assume that next year 's total spending on military affairs will be even bigger .
Most , indeed , implicitly assume a massive transfer of almost all functions of government from member states to the federal center , and thus the creation of a `` European superstate . ''
Asians want to assume greater responsibility in the world , and it is in Europe 's interest that they do , as long as they , too , respect the rules of fair play .
Regional blocs like the Economic Community of West African States -LRB- ECOWAS -RRB- , the Southern African Customs Union -LRB- SACU -RRB- , and the East African Community -LRB- EAC -RRB- will eventually assume larger roles in helping resolve the continent 's most intractable diplomatic and economic problems .
There is no reason to believe that Goodluck Jonathan will preemptively resign , and removing him from office if he assumes the presidency might well stoke unprecedented violence in the Delta .
Companies and investors exposed to risk in Europe must assume much more volatility in interest rates within the euro zone and increasingly uneven growth and inflation prospects .
The Congress seemed to demonstrate three main points : Fatah has moved toward peace with Israel ; it has adopted democratic procedures ; and a new generation , or even a specific group called the Young Guard , has assumed leadership .
Many assumed that Musharraf would follow the lead of his military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near .
Gates , deeply conscious , indeed a specialist of the terrible history of race relations in his country , instinctively assumed that he was a victim of prejudice .
Once the job was done , it was assumed that the migrants would go home .
Indeed , Japan 's powerful bureaucrats , normally assumed to know what they are doing , appeared to be as helpless as elected politicians .
NEW YORK -- Let us assume , for the sake of argument , that Geert Wilders , the Dutch politician who is convinced that Europe is `` in the final stages of Islamization , '' is right : Anders Breivik , the Norwegian mass murderer , is mad .
SEOUL -- There was a time , not long after the Cold War 's end , when almost everyone assumed that North Korea would soon collapse .
Israel and the US refused to accept the right of Palestinians to form a unity government with Hamas and Fatah and now , after internal strife , Hamas alone controls Gaza . Forty-one of the 43 victorious Hamas candidates who lived in the West Bank are now imprisoned by Israel , plus an additional ten who assumed positions in the short-lived coalition cabinet .
The assumed normality of belief in the inevitability of secularization tends to reproduce itself , as well as to appear increasingly irreversible .
An Argentine naval officer who had resettled in Mexico under an assumed name was wanted by Spain on charges of genocide , torture , and terrorism .
Despite several weeks of intense US pressure to soften - or even retract - the proposed law , China 's leaders did little more than attempt to reinforce their position that `` non-peaceful '' -LRB- i.e. , military -RRB- measures would serve strictly as a last resort - which had already been assumed anyway .
But , in order to displace the US and assume the mantle of leadership in Asia , China must do more than pursue its own interests or contain potential rivals .
No other country has ever managed to assume such unchallenged riparian preeminence on a continent by controlling the headwaters of multiple international rivers and manipulating their cross-border flows .
Nonetheless , a community must and should assume and share its burdens .
Unfortunately , this elegant solution assumes away all the problems associated with the complex web of contracts and relationships that constitutes the financial system , the limited information of all the affected parties , and the incentive of each of those parties to protect its own interests .
Only then will the developing world view the US as truly willing to assume its role as a global leader .
If something of such severity has happened that a minister finds it impossible to defend them , they may have to pay the penalty , but the minister still must assume responsibility .
It is proper to assume that Secretary Rumsfeld did not condone , let alone order , the abuse of Iraqi prisoners .
In Western countries , notably in the US , people tend to assume too much when it comes to bringing democracy -- meaning elections in the first instance -- to others .
In particular , we assume an essentially homogenous electorate , so that even a low turnout does not involve any disadvantage for particular ethnic or cultural groups .
We also assume an automatic acceptance of rules that in fact took a long time to become embedded even in the US .
Most commentators tended to assume that , if that 's what Tony Blair wants , then sooner or later that is what will happen , because , after all , he is the Prime Minister .
I have always assumed that the Germans would eventually recognize that their interests lie in preserving the eurozone intact .
Moreover , the banks assume that they will need to hold more capital than regulators ostensibly require in order to maintain a margin of safety .
That is hardly surprising , as previously revered firms revealed that they did not fully understand the very instruments they dealt in or the risks they assumed .
In the US , the key driver of the biggest institutions ' decision-making is the Fed 's stress tests , which essentially assumed that everything that could go wrong would go wrong .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy has regularly complained about the damaging consequences of excess currency volatility , and has called for exchange rates and international monetary conditions to be at the top of the G-20 agenda when France assumes the group 's presidency this November .
In a real struggle over things that actually matter , we must assume that we are up against thinking opponents , who may understand some things about us that we do n't know about ourselves .
Many assume that the cost is so high because reconstruction is expensive .
After all , we can assume that the animal spirits of investors and financiers has been further depressed as a psychological reaction to the exuberant belief just a few years ago in the powers of financial engineering .
And we can assume that it would be repealed and replaced by something else come January 2013 , either by a re-elected President Barack Obama , or by a new , Republican president .
As First Lord of the Treasury Sir Robert Peel wrote : `` If it be necessary to assume a grave responsibility , I dare say men will be willing to assume such a responsibility . ''
And Greenspan eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Finally , high finance allows for portfolio diversification , so that individual investors can seek high expected returns without being forced to assume large , idiosyncratic risks of bankruptcy and poverty .
Finally , Barro assumes that higher spending in 2009-2010 will have to be offset by higher taxes later , claiming that `` the timing of future taxes does not matter . ''
But the Chinese do not assume that North Korea is guilty .
The 1960 Cyprus Agreements that created the Republic of Cyprus stipulated that the Greek Cypriot partner could never assume sole control of the government .
It would be imprudent to assume that the French and Dutch `` no '' votes were not about discontent with Union policies ; but that anger was directed against the French and Dutch governments , not Europe itself .
The mistake , however , is to assume that open societies are more permissive and vulnerable to terrorism than those who live under authoritarian regimes .
All bodies are assumed to be `` open access '' now , just as women 's have always been .
But on other issues , Ban has failed to live up to the critically important precedent set by his predecessor as Secretary-General , Kofi Annan , who transformed the position to promote human rights and assumed the role of the `` world 's conscience '' when necessary .
But this assumes that all of them are constructed according to schedule , and the nuclear industry has rarely met its promised construction deadlines .
The growing presence of non-commercial investors has provided important liquidity to the market , as speculators assume risks related to commodity prices that hedgers wish to avoid .
Indeed , the no-bailout clause in Article 103 of the EU Treaty -- according to which neither the European Central Bank , the EU , nor national governments `` shall -LRB- ... -RRB- be liable for or assume the commitments '' for other national governments -- has lost its credibility .
Because they did not trust the IMF to assume the powers of a global central bank , the Fund 's members established high hurdles to creating SDRs .
It was assumed that Cyprus should be united when the country joined the EU in 2004 .
Then the French president assumed the role of kindergarten instructor vis-à-vis what he called `` badly brought up '' candidate countries , telling them that they were `` ill-behaved '' and that `` they missed a great opportunity to shut up . ''
With 23,000 nuclear weapons -LRB- equivalent to 150,000 Hiroshimas -RRB- still in existence , more than 7,000 of them actively deployed , and more than 2,000 still on dangerously high launch-on-warning alert , we can not assume that our luck will hold indefinitely .
But assume that China does revalue its currency sharply , by , say , 40 % .
Now assume that the renminbi appreciates only moderately , so that China continues to export to the US at higher prices but lower profits .
This is good news for China 's economy , but disappointing , perhaps , to those who assumed that the government would allow the bubble to grow bigger and bigger , eventually precipitating a crash .
Reagan had four key economic goals when he assumed office in 1981 : reduce inflation , reduce high personal tax rates , reduce the size of government , and reduce regulation of the private sector .
To see why it will be difficult for Greece to remain competitive , assume that the rest of the eurozone experiences annual productivity gains of 2 % , while monetary policy limits annual price inflation to 2 % .
All of this assumes that political leaders would select only a policy change that they think will be in their nation 's long-term interest .
But such an initiative can succeed only if the American administration assumes leadership among the Western nations and sits down at the negotiating table with Iran .
These undesirable consequences of the expansion of world markets have assumed alarming proportions within a relatively short period of time .
On the other hand , the missile defense systems in Poland and the Czech Republic , and the prospect of NATO accession for Georgia and Ukraine , assume confrontation where this was not at all necessary .
In view of the serious risks that Europe has assumed , in full awareness of the consequences , it is of the utmost importance that a European `` Grand Strategy '' for the Eastern Mediterranean and the Middle East be developed , so that Europe can calmly and clearly define its interests .
But it would be a mistake to assume that the reemergence of so-called `` XXL powers '' like China and India will simply bring a continuation of Western traditions .
Sooner or later , though , China 's government will come to realize that America 's role as a global regulator is indispensible for China 's vital foreign-policy interests , because China is unable to assume that role , other global players are n't available , and the only alternative to the US would be a breakdown of order .
It is , after all , unrealistic to assume that all members can profit to the same extent from this hard-line approach ; that is not achievable even among the 16 federal German states .
China , humiliated by Kim Jong Il , will for the first time have to assume leadership in the region and resolve , or at least contain , the crisis .
It is naive to assume that the most populous EU member state could and should keep out of a crisis situation in a region with immediate manifold European and German security interests .
Nevertheless , precisely because they care about the future of their numerous children , the French are much more amenable to some wise reforms than most commentators -LRB- and politicians -RRB- generally assume .
Their actions , their every word or wink , suddenly assumes immense importance .
The argument against the fence on the West Bank assumes that the settlers are there illegally and therefore are not entitled to the protection of a defensive barrier .
At least until recently , the international community assumed this to be the likely reading of Article 49 because , in drafting the crimes subject to prosecution in the International Criminal Court , the concept of transfer was expanded to include the Occupying Power 's `` direct and indirect transfer '' of its population into occupied territories .
The fence assumes that they , as a people , are the source of the deadly threats to the settlers .
The bottom line is that hedge fund managers put their investors at risk , yet assume little risk themselves .
Although many observers accept a degree of subjectivity in the literature and peace prizes , the science prizes have long been assumed to be an objective measure of excellence .
The problem here is that these measures implicitly assume that risk declines when markets are doing well : they demand less capital during calm periods and more capital during volatile periods .
The Bush administration seems to have assumed in its approach to post-Saddam Iraq that both democracy and a market economy were default conditions to which societies would revert once oppressive tyranny was removed , rather than a series of complex , interdependent institutions that had to be painstakingly built over time .
It is often assumed that everyone recoils at the prospect that there are genetic limits to our capacity for change .
Indeed , Lomborg 's case would seem to support the accusatorial model of ethics review , which assumes that scientists adequately regulate their own affairs through normal peer-review procedures .
The accusatorial system is designed for those relatively rare cases when error slips through the peer-review net , resulting in some concrete damage to health or the environment , or causing the corruption of later research that assumes the validity of fraudulent work .
In both cases , it is assumed that the value of the exchanged good is decided shortly after its delivery according to how it satisfies an immediate need .
Back then , it was assumed that the benefits of academic training accrued not only , or even primarily , to those who experienced it but also , and more importantly , to the rest of the population , whose lives were variously enriched by the application of the arts and sciences .
I think that when the authorities conceive such strategies , they assume that the outcome will be manageable .
But in Burma today , this spiritual philosophy , rooted in compassion and non-violence , has assumed unexpected dimensions of defiance and recalcitrance , as monks challenge the hegemony of the military junta that rules our country .
Declarations by German Chancellor Angela Merkel , whose country assumed the European Union 's rotating six-month presidency at the beginning of the year 2007 , are unambiguous : the period of reflection , approved by the European Commission in 2005 , has ended .
Most scientists assume that the basics of science are known .
They assume that many scientific conventions are accidents of history and new abstractions can be devised .
It is usually assumed that developing economies need to build resources that emulate those in the developed world , but this could actually stifle the most creative thinking .
People rarely consider that the tangible features assumed to be intrinsic to the `` computer '' were imitations of other objects , with keyboards inherited from typewriters and screens from television .
Russia can be effective in dealing with these issues only if it becomes a competent global actor . Yet many assume that world politics should be designed to bypass Russia .
There will only be grandeur when the French assume a status that justifies grandeur ... There must be more production , more productivity ; -LRB- we -RRB- must transform the country from a material point of view . ''
It would be rash to assume that the outcome in Russia would be as benign as Ukraine 's `` Orange Revolution . ''
When the EFSF was created , it was assumed that the only problem was to ensure financing for the government deficits of the four prospective problem countries -LRB- Portugal , Ireland , Greece , and Spain -RRB- .
Until now , it had been assumed that the cost of exit would be so high that no country would consider it .
There is no reason to assume that this cycle will be any different .
But this view assumes that all member states adhere to the Union 's underlying economic values of fiscal prudence and market reform .
Even when he could scarcely breathe with the help of an automatic respirator , Argentines wanted him to assume his role in their dark ritual : `` Show us a good time , bring our hearts some fun . ''
No one can predict or assume what a limited attack on Iran 's nuclear installations would accomplish , cost , or lead to .
Schröders failures are less connected with his personal qualities and politics than is often assumed .
Party caucuses , decisions of party executive committees , and party congresses assume the status of public institutions with informal authority to block government policy .
The SDIH is sometimes assumed to be a fundamental law of visual perception .
Instead of entrusting America with the arduous task of safeguarding international stability on its own , the BRICs -LRB- Brazil , Russia , India , and China -RRB- will assume a more prominent role in policing their own backyards .
But they also assumed that unconscious , unresolved psychological conflicts caused depression .
In order to abolish this unwarranted psychoanalytic assumption , the researchers abandoned the attempt to distinguish natural from disordered conditions by context or etiology and assumed that all conditions that met the symptom-based criteria were disordered .
China should be excused of consumer-related obligations for the time being , but assume commitments on industrial production based on the recognition that effectively reducing emissions in these sectors requires coordinated international action .
NATO assumed responsibility for providing security for all of Afghanistan in October . While about 8,000 of the 20,000 US troops in Afghanistan operate independently , the rest have joined the most ambitious military venture in NATO 's history , the International Security Assistance Force -LRB- ISAF -RRB- .
Even if leaders balk at an extra half-day of meetings to address the most serious threat to NATO 's future , the Riga summit can issue a demand that its own 19 dual members , and the rest of the EU , agree to assume shared responsibility in Afghanistan .
As a result , people assumed that the problem of monetary stability had been solved , and that they could pile up assets and then use them as collateral to borrow ever-larger sums .
Sometimes people are so confident about the robustness of globalization that they assume that it ca n't be reversed : but this is exactly what each round of financial and economic turbulence threatens .
And even if the pilot is completely non-corrupt , the crowd on the ground will always assume that there is some hidden and partisan plan .
As exchange markets became ever bigger during the past 20 years , most commentators assumed that central banks ' ability to influence exchange rates through intervention had shrunk radically .
In the initial aftermath of the financial crisis , it was widely assumed that currency flexibility gave the United Kingdom an advantage over eurozone members like Spain .
So it is reasonable to assume that the proportion of the total smuggled volume that is discovered is smaller than for narcotic drugs .
But that will end when the next generation of leaders assumes power in 2012 .
For Gandhi , the spinning wheel symbolized the need to assume personal responsibility for consumption as a first step toward achieving justice and freedom for all .
If India is lucky , when he assumes leadership of the Congress Party he will let himself be as inspired by Mahatma Gandhi 's vision for India as by that of his great-grandfather .
China 's economic growth may slow as its exports to the US and Europe weaken , but it is less dependent on these markets than most people assume .
Nuclear deterrence and `` mutually assured destruction '' would be passé only if we assumed that we -- people , countries , and humankind at large -- had become so ideal and humane that we no longer needed self-deterrence .
Russian and Chinese strategists assume that part of their countries ' nuclear potential may be targeted at the other side .
In the Middle East and Central Asia , this policy seems at times to have assumed predominance comparable to that of the former doctrine of deterrence deployed against the Soviet Union and its Communist allies .
Finally , we often figure out things on the fly when they are in front of us , but then falsely assume that we came to the object with a full understanding in our heads rather than using and manipulating the object to decipher its mechanism .
It is therefore safe to assume that not only obscure academics and correspondents , but officials in Beijing as well , are now busy studying the history of the Ghulja uprising and of Osman Batur 's guerillas .
Consequently , Khamenei 's evident lack of religious legitimacy has pushed the government to assume full control over the clerical establishment , further depriving the seminaries of their historical independence .
The seven years since Putin assumed power in the Kremlin have been a time of conflicting signals .
But what matters here is a common perception that Russians are not ready to assume the responsibilities of citizenship .
I hope to see Korea assume more responsibility in the world , commensurate with its growing economic clout -- especially in the area of development , one of the three pillars of the UN Charter .
In the rich world , when a mother dies giving birth , we assume that something went wrong .
The elections earlier this year , which many at first assumed were a sham , now appear to have produced changes to which Asia 's countries will need to collectively and individually respond .
Most commentators routinely assume that a Yes vote in the May 29 French referendum on the proposed European Union Constitution would be good for Europe and the EU .
The decoupling argument also assumes that recession in America has no effect on Asia .
Abbas conducts himself in a business-like manner , and he strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics .
India 's encounter with the West over the past three centuries underscores the distinction between the two processes - modernization and Westernization - that are often assumed to be synonymous .
As pesticides are assumed to have adverse effects on natural capital they are inconsistent with sustainable development .
Rudra assumed that caste existed in ancient India because , despite the unreliable historical record , the caste system is so manifest even today .
They assumed that Czech and Polish leaders -- who were strongly pro-American -- would willingly agree to deployment , and that public opinion in both countries would go along with whatever the governments decided .
US officials assumed that it was sufficient to have the consent of the governments and failed to recognize the degree to which these countries have become increasingly `` Europeanized '' in the last decade .
Fourth , American officials have tended to assume that the countries of Eastern Europe will remain staunchly pro-American and automatically support US policy .
The division of the country into municipalities transferred tax resources and decision-making capabilities to communities , thereby enabling agricultural unions to control several towns and assume management responsibilities .
As impressive as Europe 's history has been since the Treaty of Rome established the European Economic Community in 1957 , by no means should it be assumed that the EU has become permanent .
But this does not mean that someone will emerge from the Party with the courage and ability to assume bold political leadership .
To help industries in the region upgrade environmentally , firms can now obtain special loans for which the Asian Development Bank assumes the risk -- a program made possible by Hong Kong 's sound banking practices .
Losses from weather disasters are increasing , but the reason is n't climate change -- as many of us assume -- but demographics .
The ¤ 2.5 billion estimate assumes that politicians pick the cheapest renewable energy alternative .
Using the Danish figures to calculate EU-wide costs , the total is likely to be more than ¤ 150 billion annually , with every euro doing just half a cent worth of good . And this assumes that politicians pick the best options , and that oppositions do n't try to out-do their governments .
Politicians will base their decisions on global warming models that simply assume that technological breakthroughs will happen by themselves .
Consider the frightening , absurd fact that the research relied on to advance the cause of carbon cuts uses economic models that simply assume that technological breakthroughs will happen by themselves .
It had been assumed that thousands of Hezbollah rockets fired in concentrated barrages -- which cancel out the inaccuracy of unguided rockets and powerfully compound blast effects -- would kill many civilians , perhaps hundreds each day .
American foreign policy assumes that diplomatic relations with Iran are somehow an act of approval .
These forecasts all assume that economic growth will be generated in cities .
I assumed that I was supposed to be provoked into unguarded comments , a method that fashionable TV journalists everywhere use nowadays .
Perhaps just as important is that sons typically live with their parents even after they are married , and assume responsibility for parents in their old age .
It would be naive to assume that this mindset , which has become more deeply rooted in the PLA than anywhere else in Chinese society , is a thing of the past .
There is no newly emerging Great Power that can assume responsibility for global finance , as there was in 1914 .
If the DPJ can break free of mandarin control by centralizing policy formation in the office of the prime minister , as it intends , Japan can emerge as a more resilient democracy with a full-fledged two-party system and greater willingness to assume an international leadership role .
Rather , Japan has initiated a series of abrupt policy changes , while the US , only dimly aware of the significance of its relative decline , assumes that Japan 's decades-long docility will continue .
To accept de Gaulle 's offer , these leaders had to agree , among other things , to allow the stationing of French troops on their territory , provide France with a steady supply of raw materials at pre-determined prices , assume all colonial-era debts incurred by France , maintain the CFA Franc as their common currency , and grant the French Treasury veto authority over their sub-regional central banks .
If there is something to celebrate , it is that the balance of global economic power is shifting to emerging countries , and that new role models and a new generation raised in a globalized world are becoming ready to assume the mantle of leadership .
After Houphouet-Boigny 's death in 1993 , Henri Konan Bédié assumed the presidency and revised the electoral code to bar Ouattara from entering the 1995 presidential contest on the grounds that he was not an Ivorian national .
China 's Grand Africa Strategy Ever since the Berlin conference of 1883 , which Belgium 's King Leopold II called `` the sharing of Africa 's cake , '' the West has assumed exclusive rights over sub-Saharan Africa .
But greater representation is not a one-way street : with greater voice and influence , emerging-market countries must assume greater leadership responsibilities and act as constructive partners in these institutions .
Early plans for military reconnaissance stations assumed that soldiers would be stationed on board .
But it may be a mistake to assume that central bankers in Frankfurt lack regional or national bias .
This experiment assumed that each member of the ECB 's Governing Council casts votes on the basis of the difference between his country 's inflation rate and the average inflation rate in the euro area during the previous month .
Finally , I assumed that all policy decisions were made on the basis of a simple majority vote .
Here was reform `` by the numbers '' : shrink the state , it was assumed , and government would run more smoothly .
Not only can and must fathers assume a greater role in child rearing ; a large part of homemaking is perfectly suitable to be met by the market .
And , according to Greenspan 's successor , Ben Bernanke , there is no reason to assume that the unemployment rate will approach 5 % -- generally considered to be the natural rate of unemployment -- any time soon .
We assumed that family ties and non-directedness would preclude coercion and commerce .
In the past , other interests , such as securing a steady flow of oil or obtaining cooperation on counter-terrorism , assumed priority .
The belief that terrorism can not be eradicated assumes that the ability to tolerate terrorist attacks -- to `` ride out the storm '' -- is greater than the willingness of terrorists to persist , or even escalate the attacks .
For instance , it assumes that terrorists and their supporters do not understand their own anger .
The Bush position also assumes that fundamental political and economic change is feasible and affordable -- that open political and economic systems can be sustained with only modest effort -- because the desire for freedom and prosperity is universal .
Finally , this perspective assumes that democracies will be willing or able to control radicalism and crack down on extremists .
If the world is going to shift in the direction of a new and more globally democratic system , other nations will need to meaningfully step forward to assume new responsibilities .
It is equally clear that Asian states are not yet ready to assume the more meaningful leadership in global affairs that will be necessary to ensure that this tectonic shift can make the world more stable and secure than it has been .
Until this structure emerges , let us hope that America can lead wisely and that other countries , particularly Asia 's new powers , will assume more meaningful responsibilities in managing global crises .
And , because the international community still pays the government 's bills , many Afghans assume that donors support endemic corruption .
But this assumes that our income relative to the income of others does not matter .
He then assumed the European Union presidency just days after the resounding Irish `` No '' to the Lisbon Treaty reduced his role to an exercise in damage control at best .
The consequences of 1989 ended up being less enduring than many observers , including me , would have assumed .
It is wrong to assume , as some ultra-free marketers do , that the absence of social protection makes you stronger .
In our globalized world , the potential divorce between elections and democracy has assumed a new dimension .
Many officials -LRB- and the analysts and advisers who support them -RRB- assumed that this magic number represents the minimum rate needed to provide jobs to workers and managers and absorb the more than six million new graduates who spill out of China 's campuses each year in search of employment .
Consider a ten-year period and assume that there are nine years of `` normal '' average returns , followed by a `` bad year '' caused by the systemic risk component .
My preference is to assume that shocks arrive relatively frequently , but that they vary in size and probability .
If today 's protest movements are based on righteous indignation , the lack of concrete demands should not be a problem : shared norms -LRB- and the policies that would follow from them -RRB- can still broadly be assumed .
Yet those who use the term often assume that to conceptualize a phenomenon is a first step to manipulating it .
It is assumed in such circumstances that the violence will be carried out by those who sympathize with the views of the person inciting hatred . An example would be a mob attack on a member of a racial or religious group in direct response to a speech urging an assault on members of that group .
Because the US is such an outspoken proponent of human rights internationally , its failure to respect rights assumes added significance , contributing to a rising tide of anti-Americanism in much of the world .
In the same spirit , Europeans resolutely refuse to accept that the US might legitimately have different geopolitical interests -- so that when US policies diverge from their own , Europeans assume that the Americans simply got it wrong , and that they clearly need Europe 's wise advice to set them straight .
But , while some Western feminist insights may be useful to Afghani women and other women in the developing world as they resist certain forms of male oppression , we should not assume -- as Western feminists often have -- that our job is to proselytize `` our '' feminism .
But , however heartfelt , such complaints assumed that men choose all of their behavior .
Binyam Mohamed told the Associated Press that al-Hanashi was a positive person -LRB- and , one can assume , a natural leader -RRB- who would never consider suicide .
Even so , the picture for Europe is not as bleak as pessimists assume .
But this assumes that Iraqi forces are up to the task , and that Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki 's government , which rests upon Shiite militia support , can play a competent and evenhanded role .
In the past , it was assumed that military power dominated most issues , but in today 's world , the contexts of power differ greatly .
The picture for Europe , however , is not as bleak as pessimists assume .
The psychiatrist Arnold M. Ludwig , for example , argues that just as male monkeys , chimps , or apes automatically begin to assume more responsibility for their particular community once they attain the dominant status of alpha male , human rulers do so as well .
Ferguson believes that a doubling of public debt in the coming decade can not erode US strength on its own , but that it could weaken a long-assumed faith in America 's ability to weather any crisis .
Traditionally , analysts assumed that victory went to the side with the better army or the larger force ; in an information age , the outcome is also influenced by who has the better story .
With the Czech Republic set to assume the presidency of the EU on January 1 , 2009 , there is a distinct fear that Klaus will use his position as Czech head of state to try to sabotage efforts to rescue the Lisbon Treaty .
Their campaign has been more coordinated and intense than last time , with the aim of mobilizing the maximum number of supporters and ensuring a high turnout , which most commentators assume will assist the Yes side .
More recently , the state assumed the liabilities of rogue property developers by setting up a `` bad bank '' which could potentially saddle Irish taxpayers with a mountain of debt for decades to come .
To work effectively , electronics manufacturers must assume some responsibility for training recyclers , in developing small-scale facilities that can operate at the regional level , and in working with regulators to ensure appropriate safety and environmental monitoring schemes for such operations .
During the Gorbachev era , it was assumed that the West would stick to the essence of its Cold War containment policies .
Indeed , it is still unclear where China 's amazing evolution will ultimately lead , so it would be naïve for American leaders to assume that China 's intentions will always be friendly and constructive , or that the two countries are inevitably destined to grow closer .
Toledo assumed the presidency planning to dismantle the corruption that marked Fujimori 's administrations and end the reign of his crooked chief of intelligence , Vladimiro Montesinos .
Russia 's policy toward the post-Soviet countries is based on the doctrine of a `` liberal empire , '' according to which Russia 's major government-owned and private companies should assume control of key economic entities across the territories of the former Soviet republics by acquiring their assets .
Optimists cheer the departure of the Bush administration and assume that the arrival of the Obama presidency , which unlike its predecessor is not in denial about the science of global warming , will unlock the prospect of a deal .
If you assume that governing is like campaigning -- that you have to be on top of the debate 24 hours a day , seven days a week -- can you really anticipate a long shelf life ?
One reason why acquaculture 's practitioners can get away with this is that the public assumes that all of these operations are similar , and that they all add to the global fish supply . This is simply not the case .
Many argue that bankers ' belief that their institutions are too big to fail and that their jobs are safe encourages them to underestimate the risks that they assume .
Most Europeans who have been dealing with the issue also assume that Iran is aiming at capacities that would eventually make available all options , including quick development of a nuclear weapon , rather than actually acquiring , let alone testing , a weapon and thereby violating the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
Each used technology that engineers had been confidently employing for bridges , and for which the assumed loads and methods of analysis were well established . In every case , engineers believed that they were just building incrementally on successful practice .
Estimates of the number of extinctions have tended to vary wildly , owing to differences in the assumed total number of species , which range from the one million species that have scientific names to an implausibly high estimate of 100 million species .
This estimate may look astonishingly high , but it is relatively conservative , as it assumes that only one-quarter of the initial shock will result in permanently lower output .
Moreover , the report assumes that monetary policy can offset part of the shock , which may not be true where near-zero interest rates already prevail -- or in the euro area where the effort may vary across countries while monetary policy is uniform .
In Siberia , vast quantities of methane , an extremely potent greenhouse gas , are locked up in what used to be called `` permafrost '' -- regions in which it was assumed that the ground was permanently frozen .
Churchill once wrote : `` Never , never , never assume that any war will be smooth and easy . ''
The Libya Option In Iran LOS ANGELES -- International efforts to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons will be given a new lease on life this month , because France has assumed the presidency of the United Nations Security Council .
The law assumes a moral consensus among states and warlords that exists only in rhetoric .
MEXICO CITY -- Shortly before America 's elections last November , then vice-presidential candidate Joseph Biden was widely criticized for predicting that an Obama administration would almost certainly be tested by what he called a `` generated '' international crisis , in much the way that the Soviet Union `` tested '' John F. Kennedy shortly after he assumed office .
But the next worst thing is to assume that a minor patch-up will be enough to render globalization healthy and sustainable .
Americans and Europeans blithely assume that China will become more like them as its economy develops and its population gets richer .
Financial players use derivatives to transfer risk : one player assumes the risk of , say , euro fluctuation , but does n't want yen risk , while for another , it 's the opposite .
We should be examining how to make derivatives and repo investors assume the full risk of their decisions when dealing with systemically vital financial institutions .
They , in turn , would secure the votes for the federal government to assume and repay the states ' defaulted debts .
But , while Bernanke 's view is theoretically rigorous , reality is not . One problem is that academic models assume that central banks actually know what output and inflation are in real time .
But , until the financial crisis , most Europeans assumed they were now far too wealthy to ever face the humiliation of asking the IMF for financial assistance .
How , exactly , will change unfold , and what form will a new social compact ultimately assume ?
Sarkozy correctly assumed that managers of publicly-traded firms , much like politicians , are public figures who should be held to a minimum ethical standard of behavior .
Instead , an independent commission should be established to examine the previous regime 's foreign-borrowing policy , its objectives and effects , and what lenders knew -LRB- or could reasonably be assumed to have known -RRB- about those objectives and effects .
Political parties that call themselves Conservative , and that are perceived as Conservative by voters , continue to win elections and assume power .
Exchange rates can thus assume unrealistic values for long periods or change course overnight even if underlying conditions change little .
Globalization has assumed a new form : global mass politics .
Even adjusted for purchasing power , India 's middle class today probably totals no more than 70 million -LRB- far smaller than is generally assumed -RRB- .
It is difficult to judge whether it is the symbolism of such deals , concerns about national security , or the slowly dawning recognition that America 's position of assumed economic preeminence is being challenged that upsets Americans most .
Nevertheless , because both Hu and Bush fear the economic effects of reducing their country 's carbon emissions , each has hidden behind the non-participation of the other to justify absence from international efforts and failure to assume a global leadership role .
Family and friends assumed that Public Security Bureau police detained them and that the couple would be released after the June 4 anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre of fifteen years ago passed .
Although he was a close confidante of Vladimir Putin and probably was able to assume presidential office exclusively for that reason , many dared to hope that he would stop the vendetta against Khodorkovsky and all those who had been close to him .
It would also be ineffective , because developing countries will -- legitimately -- refuse to assume by themselves the burden of protecting the world 's biodiversity to the detriment of their economic growth .
In everyday life the two types of Turkish women are more mixed than they are usually assumed to be .
Chen 's personal wealth grew conspicuously shortly after he assumed office , but no one could produce hard evidence of his corruption back then .
Indeed , many Taiwanese think that , if being Chinese means accepting all that goes under the name of Mao Zedong and the Chinese Communist Party , they will gladly deny their `` Chineseness '' than assume some of that shame .
Moreover , it is not clear that the EIB can get further help from reinsurers in managing the risks it assumes by issuing such bonds because reinsurers do not yet see how they can fully hedge the risks involved .
The plan assumes a 6.5 % real return for stocks -- only slightly below Siegel 's constant -- in future decades .
The particular problems that prevented us from observing the returns on these stock markets will never be repeated , but it is wrong to assume that problems of that scale will not recur .
They have only limited land , and if one assumes ever-increasing GDP and rising income inequality , there will always be more and more wealthy people to bid up prices in these scarce areas .
So economists assume that people do indeed use all publicly available information and know , or behave as if they knew , the probabilities of all conceivable future events .
But nowhere are bubbles modeled : the economy is assumed to do nothing more than respond in a completely rational way to these external shocks .
Grozny was totally destroyed during the first Chechen war ; both Russian and foreign observers compared it with WWII Stalingrad and assumed that it would be impossible to restore the city .
Let them assume the leadership that we all see is possible , inspired anew by the opening words of Maria Stewart 's historic speech : `` Oh , do not say you can not make anything of your children ; but say , with the help and assistance of God , we will try . ''
In July , Poland will assume the EU presidency for the first time ; we have earned this responsibility to lead European affairs over the next six months .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania .
The overwhelming desire of society today is to assume that equal powers of reason are a universal heritage of humanity .
The concepts of intelligence and of race are less clear-cut than we often assume them to be .
The use of the term `` slavery '' in relation to something that it is wrong to do to animals is especially significant , for until now it has been assumed that animals are rightly our slaves , to use as we wish , whether to pull our carts , be models of human diseases for research , or produce eggs , milk , or flesh for us to eat .
Let 's assume that all this fishing is sustainable , though of course it is not .
Many people assume that rationality is always instrumental : reason can tell us only how to get what we want , but our basic wants and desires are beyond the scope of reasoning .
At first glance , it seems natural to assume this , as most suppliers reduce production when the price falls .
The oil sheikhs would likely be inclined to postpone extraction only if they could reasonably assume that the demand reductions of the signing countries and the comparative price reduction that this implies are stronger today than they will be in the future .
Although the Czech Republic will assume the EU presidency in January , this has not prevented the French President from convening a new EU summit under Sarkozy 's leadership in the first half of 2009 .
Since the United Kingdom itself is a large capital importer , we can assume that the City is not holding the paper itself but merely restructuring it and then selling it to the world under a new name and with the London stamp on it .
Estimates for Greece assume that prices and wages need to come down by 20-30 % .
All of this is relevant to financial markets because the `` efficient market hypothesis '' -- the dominant paradigm in finance -- assumes that everyone has perfect information , and therefore that all prices express the real value of goods for sale .
This line of reasoning assumes that markets are perfectly efficient . If they go wrong , it must be because of mistakes in policy .
Indeed , the Chicago School tacitly assumes that economies are always at full employment .
But it is equally unlikely that this achievement will end the insatiable hunt for more money . Let 's assume , cautiously , that we are two-thirds of the way towards Keynes 's target .
But , until recently , it was assumed that persons appointed to advise the sovereign were already of sufficient honesty and integrity to do so .
They were assumed to be recruited from groups with internalized codes of honor .
Such proposed solutions assume that regulators will be able to identify excess risks , prevent banks from manipulating the regulations , resist political pressure to leave the banks alone , and impose controversial corrective measures `` that will be too complicated to defend in public . ''
They also assume that governments will have to the courage to back them as their opponents accuse them of socialism and crimes against freedom , innovation , dynamism , and so on . In fact , this chorus of abuse has already started , led by Goldman Sachs Chairman Lloyd Blankfein .
The chief task that John Maynard Keynes set himself in writing his General Theory of Employment , Interest , and Money was to uncover the deep axioms underlying the economic orthodoxy of his day , which assumed away the possibility of persistent mass unemployment .
Let us assume , though , that the ECB is right and that fears of `` unsound finance '' are holding back economic recovery .
In other words , we may be reverting to that cyclical pattern that historians assumed to be axiomatic before the seemingly irreversible rise of the West implanted in them a view of linear progress toward greater reason and freedom .
The Vickers commission 's proposals also depend on sophisticated regulation , which assumes , against history , that regulators will always be one step ahead of bankers .
But if France and the UK understand how much their projection of power is linked to that of Europe , if they make cooperation reciprocal and expand it to other European countries -- according to the formula foreseen in the treaties -- we could eventually see an EU with the ability to assume the defense role expected of it by the global community .
France , when it assumes leadership of the G-20 after the Seoul summit , must move quickly to redress these shortcomings .
His campaign assumes that people do not really care about the truth and will believe almost anything if it is repeated often enough .
The United Kingdom and France each recently lent $ 2 billion worth of SDRs to a special fund at the IMF to support concessionary lending to the poorest countries . At that point , the IMF assumed responsibility for the principal and interest on the SDRs .
Spain , which has been more successful in dealing with its Roma problem than other countries , can take the lead this month as it assumes the European Union presidency .
This is so , we can rightfully assume , because human beings are the only beings that comprehend death -- that of others as well as our own .
Larger developing countries must assume an expanded role in unwinding the protectionist measures that came with their expanded use of the public purse , and reestablish forward motion .
Having initially been shunned , it has assumed a key role in financing -- and , more importantly , implementing -- fiscal-stabilization programs for the European Union 's peripheral countries .
The Obama administration then assumed responsibility for organizing the government 's efforts to boost recovery , the centerpiece being a large stimulus package to shore up the real economy .
The domestic market and a growing middle class will assume greater prominence .
But it must also assume greater responsibility for global imbalances , economic and financial stability , and governance , as well as represent the interests of less powerful developing countries .
But why assume that a presidential political system , headed by a powerful unitary executive , will be instituted ?
Wilhelm assumed the throne in 1888 at age 29 , his liberal father having reigned for 88 days before succumbing to throat cancer .
Moreover , the plan assumed that the fundamental problem was one of confidence .
Third , government could assume part of a mortgage , taking advantage of its lower borrowing costs .
The Federal government has assumed trillions of dollars of liabilities and risks . In rescuing the financial system , no less than in fiscal policy , we need to worry about the `` bang for the buck . ''
For the past three decades , one strand within the economics profession was constructing models that assumed that markets worked perfectly .
Credit risk in the mortgage market is being assumed by the government , and market risk by the Fed .
That view belongs to a school of modern macroeconomics that assumes rational expectations and perfectly functioning markets .
In other words , individuals -- usually assumed to be identical -- fully use all available information to forecast the future in an environment of perfect competition , no capital market shortcomings , and full insurance of all risks .
But this assumes that Europe is willing and able to benefit from what Turkey has to offer .
The claim by Indian Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee on a June visit to Beijing that the Sino-Indian border is tension-free has prompted cynical observers to assume the opposite .
The Chinese soldiers allegedly assumed firing positions , leading the Indians to withdraw in order not to provoke a shooting match .
China 's dedicated athletes are widely assumed to have dozens of gold and silver medals in their grasp .
But the five big countries now also on the Council will expect to be consulted ; their acquiescence on key questions can not simply be assumed .
Either intuitively or rationally , people feel that Rogozin , like Saakashvili , wants to assume the main post , is prepared to do so , and would start solving the state 's territorial problems immediately .
Yet , it remains controversial because it is often assumed that it implies the use of military force for purposes of humanitarian intervention .
As this struggle shows , Ukraine has been obliged to assume a higher-profile role in European affairs .
Unfortunately , in the aftermath of the Cold War , it has often been assumed that Russia 's hostile intentions have disappeared , and foreign policy toward Russia has been conducted as if traditional diplomatic considerations no longer apply .
If we assume that the US is experiencing a typical financial crisis , GDP will fall this year as well .
And achieving that goal is more important than ever , because it will be some time before the US can re-assume the role of locomotive for the world economy .
For example , Blueprints assumes CO2 is captured at 90 % of all coal - and gas-fired power plants in developed countries by 2050 , plus at least 50 % of those in non-OECD countries .
Hardliners in Israel naturally regret the end of the Bush administration , for they know that , even if President Barack Obama does not dramatically change US policy toward Israel once he assumes power , he will not repeat Bush 's unconditional support .
The result will be more incentives to assume risk .
She assumed the presidency after Perón 's death in July 1974 , only to fall abjectly under the astrologer 's influence .
Those who assume that the obsolescent diplomacy of the twentieth century -- as it is described by today 's global network enthusiasts -- was conducted entirely behind closed doors by elites have got their history wrong .
But Obama 's actions have been considerably more restrained than is often assumed .
Indeed , NGOs often assume tasks for which the current structure of the UN is unsuited or remains far too weak .
But , while we often assume that the benefits of improving water and sanitation systems always outweigh the costs , this is not always true .
The health advantages of providing networked water supplies are less dramatic than is often assumed .
The traditionalists argue that China should assume responsibility for world affairs consistent with its status as the world 's second-largest economy , behind only the US .
The GCC can and must assume that role .
But , given the tastes and appetites of Moscow 's mayor , you can assume that he will continue to pour what money remains into the city 's building boom .
We need not assume that these goals can not be pursued simultaneously .
The second prescription assumes that if , for any reason , a country does end up in the danger zone , only two responses make economic sense .
If we assume that a causal relationship exists , the European directive seems to be fairly well designed , with one main shortcoming .
