When Blix headed the IAEA before the Gulf War of 1991 , he blithely assured the world , after several inspections , that nothing alarming was happening in Iraq .
But the presence of the international community reassured us that it was safe to do business in the country .
Iraq 's neighbors - Saudi Arabia in the south and Turkey in the north - must be reassured that Shi'a and Kurdish rebellion will not result in the dismantling of Iraq and a change of borders : both countries have legitimate concerns regarding this issue .
Its recent agreement with China on border demarcation notwithstanding , Russia can never be assured of China 's ultimate intentions as a colossal power hungry for raw materials for its booming economy and living space for its massive population .
Absorbed by their booming economy , reassured by President Barack Obama 's recent commitment never to let Israel down , and convinced of their success in defeating Palestinian terrorism in the West Bank and deterring Hamas from venturing into another war , Israelis have lost any sense of urgency concerning the Palestinian problem .
The Party leadership has grown more self-assured in its growing international role , but its ability to manage the pace of change at home has become more uncertain .
America and China now live with a kind of mutually assured economic destruction , and both presidents know it .
But contagion from Argentina 's crisis has undermined MERCOSUL and Argentina 's commitment to the regional project can not be assured after next year 's presidential elections in that country .
Demonstrations alone almost never topple a regime , but they can do so in combination with other political shifts , which can happen suddenly . When East Germans protested against their Communist autocrats in 1989 , they were not assured of success either .
But if the Swiss and other Europeans were self-assured about their own identities , their Muslim fellow-citizens probably would not strike such fear in their hearts .
Nor are Italians reassured to learn that Berlusconi fielded a number of candidates during the recent European Parliament elections whose only discernible qualification was that they were pretty young girls who had possibly spent some time in the prime minister 's company at his Sardinian Villa or Roman Palazzo .
In East European countries , this was a major problem , and it is only through accession negotiations with the European Union that such administrative reform has been assured .
When excess demand is for high-quality assets -- places where you can park your wealth and be assured that it will still be there when you come back -- the natural response is to have credit-worthy governments guarantee some private assets and buy up others , swapping them out for their own liabilities and thus diminishing the supply of risky assets and increasing the supply of safe assets .
Second , he assured his listeners that `` we expect a moderate recovery to continue and indeed to strengthen . '' This is because '' -LRB- h -RRB- ouseholds also have made some progress in repairing their balance sheets -- saving more , borrowing less , and reducing their burdens of interest payments and debt . ''
Without the peace and stability that this assured in Germany - the largest linguistic nation west of Russia - it is difficult to imagine today 's peace and stability in Europe as a whole .
They assured us that it was too late to stop the famines that would kill hundreds of millions in the Indian subcontinent , and that humanity 's destiny in the 21st century was one of war and struggle for the resources to feed national populations an extra crust of bread .
On the contrary , introducing them into settings where treatment compliance is not assured and where drug susceptibility testing is not available would likely contribute to even more resistant organisms .
First , bondholders will need to be reassured that their new bonds are secure .
Such denial is in no one 's interest . Not in the kind of Europe we still have to build -- a Europe where big and small countries are assured that they share the same rights and obligations , where minorities feel safe , where basic human rights are accepted as an inextricable part of our political system , and where neighbors are regarded with respect and expectations , not fear and anxiety .
And resolving internal problems through a disproportionate use of force reassured even the regime 's security obsessed ex-KGB men .
A second cause for worry is that the world is poised to enter a new nuclear age that threatens to be even more dangerous and expensive than the Cold War era of mutually assured destruction -LRB- MAD -RRB- .
As long as member states remain fully sovereign , investors can not be assured that if the eurozone breaks up , some states will not simply refuse to pay -- or will not refuse to pay for the others .
By establishing a common `` welfare floor '' throughout the EU , providing an effective safety net to native workers whose jobs are threatened by integration , and adopting a coordinated policy on immigration , European citizens would be reassured .
The reality is that Iraq 's future is not assured even if these and similar measures are taken .
The situation in Iraq is improving but is by no means assured .
Will today 's government do better ? This will only be assured if citizens organize themselves to play a more direct role in relief and rehabilitation for the long term .
Banks had reassured themselves with the belief that countries could not become insolvent .
If Europe could show -- in the worst possible scenario of sovereign default -- how such a process might operate , uncertainty would be reduced and markets would be reassured .
He assured Chinese leaders that the United States is committed to honoring all its debts , despite its recent credit downgrade ; he talked enthusiastically about US-China interdependence ; and he showcased his granddaughter , who has studied Chinese for several years , as a future bridge between the two countries .
More than any other government official , he was responsible for institutionalizing the key strategic doctrine of the nuclear age , deterrence , otherwise known as mutual assured destruction .
Those with bitter memories of Japanese behavior half a century ago should be reassured ; this debate is about how to defend peace , not about how to promote or wage war .
Many of Japan 's neighbors were understandably reassured by the Cold War arrangement whereby America promised to defend Japan , relieving the country of the need for a powerful military .
Indeed , the four American strategists who first called for `` nuclear zero '' -- Henry Kissinger , George Shultz , William Perry , and Sam Nunn -- have partly backtracked , and are now calling for an end to the doctrine of `` mutual assured destruction . ''
Nuclear deterrence and `` mutually assured destruction '' would be passé only if we assumed that we -- people , countries , and humankind at large -- had become so ideal and humane that we no longer needed self-deterrence .
When the next American president takes office , voters and elected officials alike should be reassured by studies showing that the US can fight climate change by cutting emissions at low or even no cost , using only existing technologies .
My Plan to Drop the Bomb NEW YORK -- The destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945 marked an end and a beginning . The close of the Second World War ushered in a Cold War , with a precarious peace based on the threat of mutually assured destruction .
Fortunately , US Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has reassured America 's Asian friends and allies that regional disengagement is not being contemplated .
A Yes vote , on the other hand , would encourage a reassured Chirac to continue his policy of no reform and scapegoating the ECB .
While some -LRB- such as Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak -RRB- took the resistance rhetoric of some delegates seriously , Fatah spokesman Nabil Amr officially assured all concerned that Fatah is committed to `` peaceful resolution of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict . ''
Palestinians have been assured via a message from President Barack Obama , delivered by his special envoy George Mitchell , that the Israelis will not carry out any `` provocations '' during the coming four months of indirect negotiations .
But , on a recent trip to Israel , White House adviser Dan Shapiro is said to have been reassured that the Israelis will not embarrass their American friends .
Clinton , who was embroiled in domestic problems , badly needed an international success , and assured Arafat that fingers would not be pointed at either party if the talks failed .
When Stalin offered Hitler his friendship in the spring of 1939 -- formally concluded that summer in the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact -- Nazi aggression was assured of not being knifed in the back from the East and so was left with free hands to do as Hitler pleased in the West .
But it was a refusal to buckle to the values of Nazism and Communism in the twentieth century that assured the success of freedom .
Reassured by this groundswell of support , the Eurocrats should be fostering a much more pluralistic approach to EU policymaking and debate .
The presidency of Mohammad Khatami , an avowed reformer , who served eight years , beginning in 1997 , convinced the Supreme Leader that his authority would be assured only if the presidency was held by a subservient fundamentalist such as the current president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
But de Gaulle 's legacy would most likely be snuffed out gently , with nostalgia for both Mitterrand and Chirac possibly proving very tempting for a people disaffected with the political system but desiring to be reassured .
As economic crisis engulfs France and most of the world , the French are not reassured by their young and energetic president .
If you want America to lead by the power of example , you favor Barack Obama ; if you want to be reassured by the continuation of America 's power in a traditional security sense , you probably prefer John McCain .
Grants and planning must be coordinated , and the consent of Afghanistan 's neighboring countries assured .
But , while Medvedev 's victory in the first round of voting appears assured , the important questions will arise after the ballots are counted .
· increasing assured warning and decision times for the launch of nuclear-armed ballistic missiles ;
But the US reassured India that they faced a common threat from transnational terrorism , and that the old Cold War pairings of India and Pakistan were outdated .
It was costly in many ways , but it assured him of multiple , competing flows of information .
During the Cold War , the US had been even more vulnerable , in technological terms , to a nuclear attack from Russia , but `` mutual assured destruction '' prevented the worst by keeping vulnerability more or less symmetrical .
Even though almost all of the oil produced by Unocal would have ended up on world markets rather than back in China , the US Congress 's skittishness assured that Unocal was sold to homegrown Chevron .
Investors need to be reassured that debt-service costs are under control , and that debt volumes and deficit limits are firmly monitored in order to minimize default risks and strengthen banks ' ability to lay the groundwork for sustainable growth .
Parties lose ground against the caudillist adventures of people like Lopez Obrador in Mexico and Chavez in Venezuela , and congresses are assured only of public antipathy .
This was called , in the geostrategic jargon of the day , `` mutually assured destruction , '' or MAD .
I grew up in a world in which peace and stability were assured by the threat of global nuclear annihilation .
But that self-assured attitude has all but disappeared , replaced by doubts , questions , and skepticism .
The success of the rescue is far from assured , in view of the magnitude of belt-tightening that it calls for and the hostility that it has aroused on the part of Greek workers .
This is very different from the `` conditional convergence '' that characterizes the rest of the economy , in which productivity growth is not assured and depends on policies and external circumstances .
Equally problematic is the fact that , while the clearinghouse and its participants can net wins and losses to reduce risk for those inside the clearinghouse , the clearinghouse does not assuredly eliminate the basic risk facing the entire financial system .
A side benefit for the EU 's standing in the world could be that the World Trade Organization 's stalled Doha negotiations could be restarted once farmers in developing countries are assured of getting a fair deal from Europe .
The battle will be long and difficult , and victory is not assured .
Both people and livestock need assured water supplies . In some areas , this can be obtained through boreholes that tap underground aquifers .
With the funding assured , the G-8 would suddenly move from empty promises to real policies .
By pooling financial resources into a single-donor FCM , aid programs ' administrative costs could be kept low , the availability of aid flows could be assured , and poor countries would not have to negotiate 25 times in order to receive help .
Indeed , Russia 's racists can be assured of considerable sympathy from the security forces and the public .
The only insurance that people might think they can afford could carry a large deductible , and if the deductible is very large , people might not feel so reassured by this insurance .
There is reason to feel reassured by Obama 's reactions .
Nevertheless , our recovery remains fragile , and our success is far from assured .
Only by doing so could economic growth be assured and poverty eliminated .
We used to be reassured by the generalization that democratic countries seek peace .
I believe that this amount could be at least doubled and assured for a longer time span .
The European authorities accepted a plan that would reduce the deficit gradually , but the markets were not reassured .
But the markets have not been reassured , because Germany dictated the Fund 's terms and made them somewhat punitive .
Citizens everywhere must be assured that oil and gas firms , as well as mining companies , publish all of their relevant financial information , broken down by country and by project , and including all payments made to host-country public budgets .
Success is by no means assured , and the most likely outcome is a sequence of contagion events and a broader loss of confidence in the euro .
The Adzhar people consider themselves Georgians , but still have frequent squabbles with the central government , so how could ethnically distinct Abkhazia and South Ossetia feel assured that their relations with Georgia would work out any better ?
But during his campaign Yushchenko assured Russophones that he would uphold such rights .
Even if the US had achieved stability in Iraq , this would not have assured victory in the `` war on terrorism , '' let alone success in achieving broader strategic objectives .
Slowdown has cast a pallor over the Clinton Administration 's boasting , its promise that if a country adhered to capitalism American-style then it would be assured of unprecedented and sustained prosperity .
Uribe 's status as one of Latin America 's historic leaders was assured even before the rescue of Betancourt and the other hostages .
Indeed , the established concept of nuclear deterrence through `` mutual assured destruction '' -LRB- MAD -RRB- , which kept the peace between the Soviet Union and NATO , may not apply with a ruler like Ahmadinejad , who believes in the sacred merits of martyrdom .
At the end of February , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh assured Parliament that `` India would emerge the least affected among the countries of the world from the current economic crisis . ''
But Goal 8 assured them that they would not be alone in this effort .
Only then can they be assured access to the resources essential for treatment options .
Recent US-Russian dialogues have addressed ways to move from a world characterized by mutually assured destruction to one based on mutually assured stability .
They may have been reassured by the SNB 's official statement that the appreciation represented `` an inappropriate tightening of monetary conditions , '' and that the policy move merely aims `` to prevent any further appreciation of the Swiss franc against the euro . ''
In this process , the world is assured that China will make every effort to address climate change .
