Rather , it is the prerequisite without which superior goals -- rapprochement with the United States , legitimization of Syria 's special status in Lebanon , and avoidance of a potentially devastating war with Israel if the Golan Heights are not recovered by peaceful means -- can not be attained .
Only the Dominican Republic , Peru , and Panama attained 6-7 % growth .
The EU as a whole has attained none of the 17 quantitative targets set in the Lisbon Strategy .
The only justification for such a long list is that every government could claim to have attained at least one target -- a trophy to exhibit at home .
The stress tests conducted by the US Treasury last year suggested that the banking sector had re-attained sufficient capital .
Even so , with its cheaper labor force and faster technological growth , China has attained higher export competitiveness than Latin America , several of which it has displaced in key sectors , such as thread and dry goods manufacturing , electronics , and furniture , since 2000 .
Winning a Prize has never been an automatic process , a reward that comes for having attained a magical level of achievement .
One of Monnet 's first actions was to declare that modernization could not be attained while the French worked such short hours ; a 45-hour working week was the minimum that was necessary .
By 2000 , Estonia 's IT development in government services and sectors like banking had reached a level attained by only a few other countries in Europe .
The tasks that faced Yeltsin when he attained power in 1991 were monumental .
Thus , Ben Ali has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors .
That 8 % target will be met , because in China directed objectives are always attained , and often exceeded .
Several currencies have attained some measure of regional convertibility , which should encourage monetary harmonization and promote intraregional trade , as countries ' trade flows shift from partners that require payment in foreign currency .
This means that the pro-Kremlin bloc probably attained the two-thirds majority needed to change the constitution , which would allow it to grant Putin a third four-year term , although Putin himself ruled this out last June .
Without the ECJ 's doctrines of `` direct effect '' and `` primacy , '' and without national courts that are willing to enforce these doctrines in their own jurisdictions , the EU most likely would not have attained the level of integration that it has .
These are their `` peers , '' and they readily provide laudatory letters of recommendation establishing that the applicant has attained `` national and international recognition . ''
As Reinhart and I demonstrated , it typically takes an economy more than four years just to reach the same per capita income level that it had attained at its pre-crisis peak .
Between these extremes , Venezuela 's people will watch events develop , unwilling to compromise their democracy or lose the economic privileges they have attained .
The IMF 's world saving rate has maintained a fairly consistent downward trend since the early 1970 's , and , while it has picked up since 2002 , it is still well below the peak levels attained in the previous three decades .
Most SSA countries attained national independence some time after the end of the Second World War , as the British , French , Belgian , and Portuguese empires unraveled -LRB- Germany had already lost its colonies after 1918 -RRB- .
In the US , real middle-class incomes have not yet recovered to the levels attained before the last recession in 1991 .
A failure in both would be disastrous -- even if the major emerging-market countries have attained self-sustaining growth .
In 1989 , before the Tiananmen Square incident , the renminbi 's exchange rate was 45 % higher than it is now -- a level that could be re-attained relatively soon .
Only when a Dalit rules India can the country truly be said to have attained its own `` Obama moment . ''
And he set and attained personal standards of conviction and courage that few will ever match .
