Already , in Gilani 's hometown of Multan , rioters attacked government offices and banks to protest electricity disruptions .
At the same time , violence against `` law-breakers '' is on the rise . Internet cafes have been bombed , institutions with Christian affiliations burned down , foreign schools attacked , and wedding parties assaulted .
In July 1995 , Serb forces attacked . The UN did not honor its pledge .
In the north of the country , a Syrian-based militia , under Fawzi al-Kaukji , attacked Jewish villages .
Indeed , Lech Wa??sa and W?adys?aw Bartoszewski , the Polish Mandela , were ruthlessly attacked .
But two recent events in Tibet , involving the trials of two leading Tibetans who had not attacked or criticized the state at all , do not follow this logic .
The Iranians remember how the international community remained indifferent when Saddam Hussein attacked with chemical weapons in the 1980 's .
Its new doctrine of `` brutal response '' when attacked from lands from which it has withdrawn -- as happened in Lebanon and Gaza -- might be reprehensible , and it may even doom the country to international opprobrium .
The Alliance would not be happy to apply Article 5 of the NATO charter , which would oblige its members to fight for Israel if it were attacked by any of its many potential enemies in an endemically dangerous region .
Removing constraints on lawyers and ensuring that they are not attacked with impunity would be a good place to start .
In October 2004 , violence in the region forced Obasanjo 's government to negotiate with militia leader Asari Dokubu , after his men attacked a series of Royal Dutch Shell oil facilities and threatened to `` burn down the area . ''
In November 2008 , after a group of terrorists attacked Mumbai , India 's financial center , India accused Pakistan of involvement in the attack and suspended all dealings with its neighbor .
They offered to exchange the soldier for the release of 95 women and 313 children who are among almost 10,000 Arabs in Israeli prisons , but this time Israel rejected a swap and attacked Gaza in an attempt to free the soldier and stop rocket fire into Israel .
The West violated that agreement in 1999 in Kosovo : NATO powers first attacked Kosovo and Belgrade , in breach of the UN Charter -LRB- although they were morally justified to do so , because there was a need to stop the serious atrocities underway -RRB- ; the West then promoted and blessed Kosovo 's secession .
Moreover , rumors are rife that he is now being attacked for his behavior by members of his own party .
Even more unsettling , we recognize that America or another country may well be attacked by surprise once again , and are left wondering if such an event will match or exceed the horror of last year .
Second , Obama has attacked the outsourcing of service jobs to places like India and the offshoring of manufacturing jobs to Asia as a whole .
Canadian researchers have discovered a vast Chinese surveillance system called `` GhostNet , '' which can compromise computers in organizations abroad through booby-trapped e-mail messages that automatically scan and transfer documents to a digital storage facility in China . This is what happened when computers of the Tibetan government-in-exile in Dharamsala , India , were attacked last year .
The Japanese aircraft carrier Akagi , which led the attack on Pearl Harbor , flew the battle flag flown by the Mikasa , Admiral Togo 's ship when he attacked the Russian fleet at Port Arthur .
Security forces attacked peaceful protesters , jailed opposition leaders , sent thousands of their supporters to gruesome detention camps , and accused independent journalists of treason -- a crime punishable by death .
The US is central to the values of the West ; if it is attacked , we are all attacked .
She had attacked her predecessor during the election campaign for being fork-tongued about Iraq , saying one thing to US President George W. Bush and another to the Finnish people .
Cases have to be made and attacked or defended .
Would n't waiving Pakistan 's quota under the Multi-Fiber Agreement have been a very good and important step for the US government to take in reciprocation of the Pakistani government 's help as US-led forces attacked Al Qaeda bases in Afghanistan ?
In northwest Pakistan 's Swat valley armed Islamist militants recently attacked one of the oldest and most important sculptures of Buddhist art .
Murtaza Razvi of Pakistan 's Dawn newspaper has pointed out that the image that was attacked was not in a remote area . In fact , it was next to the central road that runs through the valley .
When police attacked with tear gas , pieds noirs opened fire .
On April 7 , 2009 , Moldova made headlines when peaceful protests against unfair elections were hijacked by a small number of provocateurs who attacked the parliament building and presidential palace .
Should Iran be attacked this year , the consequences will be borne first and foremost by the region , but also by Europe as the Middle East 's immediate western neighbor -- and they will be felt for a long time to come .
Sudan 's government has been recruiting and paying the local `` Janjaweed '' militiamen , who have attacked hundreds of defenseless villages and towns , often in close co-ordination with the Sudanese air force .
Nevertheless , the European Union can neither allow Greece to slide into national bankruptcy nor hand it over to the International Monetary Fund , since other euro-zone members -- namely , Portugal , Spain , and Italy -- would probably be next in line to be attacked by the financial markets .
Germany and other European countries went to Afghanistan in solidarity with a NATO partner -- our most important security guarantor , the United States -- after it had been attacked from there on September 11 , 2001 .
The existing world order -- created by the US itself -- was first devalued in American eyes , then weakened , and finally consciously attacked .
Does that mean that the settlers are sitting ducks who can be attacked with impunity and have no right to defend themselves ?
They have attacked monasteries and arrested monks and nuns by force .
As we have recently witnessed , terrorists can be attacked and stopped before they can cause harm ; individuals and countries can be defended ; and societies can take steps to bolster their resilience when they are successfully attacked , as on occasion they inevitably will be .
In the skies of Serbia and Kosovo , NATO warplanes attacked target after target , not to support the liberation of territory or in furtherance of a strategic bombing campaign , but rather to change Milosevic 's mind .
The surest way to rouse violent resistance is to communicate to people that there is nothing they can personally do to avoid being attacked .
If the Parliament in Baghdad , one of the best protected buildings in the country , can be attacked from within , then no Zone in Iraq is Green ; they are all Red .
It is important to remember , though , that democracy was on the international agenda before the United States was attacked in September 2001 .
Treasury Secretary John Connolly attacked Japan 's `` controlled economy . ''
The New Delhi meeting marked a temporary thaw , yet even as Pakistan 's foreign secretary returned home to Islamabad , suspected Taliban bombers had attacked an Indian medical mission in the heart of Kabul , Afghanistan , killing 11 people .
Indeed , leaders in all the supposed `` rogue states '' know that their societies would cease to exist if they attacked America with nuclear or biological weapons .
In June , speaking at the St. Petersburg Economic Forum , Medvedev mesmerized his audience by simultaneously sounding avant-garde and hackneyed : he attacked corruption , vowed that Russia is not `` building state capitalism , '' and promised legal and federal reforms .
Indeed , when Israel attacked a nuclear facility in Syria in September 2007 , it was revealed that North Koreans were involved in developing the site in cooperation with the Syria National Technical Research Center .
Indeed , a leading Dutch financial newspaper attacked the pre-announcement as a sign of Trichet 's weakness rather than strength , implying that he had lost control of the Governing Council .
How can President Sarkozy , who has repeatedly attacked financial speculators , question the judgment of the very man who , by knowing how to keep his mouth shut in a crisis , thwarted them ?
But the more that Hamas and others attacked Israelis , the more the Israelis tightened the siege on Gaza .
As a result , political parties and social organizations alike attacked reform efforts .
If my experience is any guide , the members of the Hartwell group should expect to be attacked as heretics for questioning the Kyoto orthodoxy .
It ordered the withdrawal from Gaza in order to stop the cycle of violence there , on the presumption that Israeli territory proper would not be attacked .
Recently , and very revealingly , two Iranian leaders threatened Israel with bombardment by Hezbollah 's rockets if Israel attacked Iran 's nuclear installations .
But Indonesia was attacked , too , with the bombing in Bali coming little more than a year later , on October 12 , 2002 .
They had joined the militants who had attacked a dozen security checkpoints across three southern provinces on April 28 , 2004 .
Worrying signs are everywhere : the authority of the courts is undermined , the independence of the Constitutional Tribunal is attacked , the civil service corrupted , and prosecutors are politicized .
During a lecture at Uppsala University last summer , a mob attacked Vilks , a professor of art history , while crying Allahu akbar .
Computer hackers attacked Georgian government Web sites in the weeks preceding the outbreak of armed conflict .
We noticed the long-running horror story again when the Israeli Defense Forces attacked a Turkish flotilla , carrying relief supplies , in May , with nine civilian fatalities .
Ruling coalitions were at the same time in disadvantageous positions vis-à-vis opposition parties , which attacked the incumbents for failing to negotiate good membership terms , without themselves having to pass the test of negotiating better conditions .
The meaning was clear to all : Weimar Russia , like Weimar Germany , signified a weak republic attacked from within by nationalists yearning to restore authoritarian ways .
Nevertheless , the directors ' lobbying organizations -- such as the Business Roundtable and the Chamber of Commerce -LRB- and their lawyers -RRB- -- attacked the SEC 's initiative .
It was the speculators whose blood flowed in the streets when they attacked Hong Kong 's dollar peg in 1998 .
In July , amidst the turmoil surrounding the judicial flip-flopping on his candidacy , busloads of his followers -- including paramilitaries armed with machetes and guns -- entered the capital and attacked groups of people critical of the general .
Last week marked the third anniversary of the commencement of Operation Enduring Freedom , the day America resolved to take the battle to the extremists themselves - and we attacked al-Qaeda and the Taliban in Afghanistan .
Although the March 14 coalition already controlled Parliament , its majority had been repeatedly attacked as the result of a severely skewed election law .
Militants have also attacked non-governmental organizations , particularly those located in the undeveloped tribal Northern Areas that lie beyond the writ of Pakistani law .
Indeed , surges of organized anger when China is attacked or insulted are hardly new .
Two men from the Caucasus are on their way to the metro , and are attacked by a group of adolescents with knives .
A Chechen friend of mine and her 14-year-old son were attacked in the street by three drunken skinheads .
A Greek petrochemical carrier was seized , and another attacked , as was an Iranian oil tanker .
But this does not explain why they attacked Khodorkovsky rather than some other businessman with a shady past .
One clue as to why they attacked Russia 's richest man is the fact that Khodorkovsky is the first oligarch to help the country 's liberal parties as opposed to the ruling party of power , to support independent mass media , and to provide money to lawyers and legal assistants .
In her debate with Biden , Palin actually attacked Obama for saying that , in her words , `` All we 're doing in Afghanistan is air-raiding villages and killing civilians . ''
But scientists themselves are partly responsible , because they have hardened uncertainties into probabilities , treated disputable propositions as matters of fact , and attacked dissent as heresy .
Unhappy with the capitalist consumer society that was metastasizing all around them , West European and American students attacked the system from far-left positions .
Mendacity in the Communist press , which distorted the protests ' meaning and personally attacked student leaders , inflamed matters more .
As a result , `` China is being attacked by imported inflation . ''
But the auditing firms and their corporate clients - not surprisingly , given the cabal that developed - roundly attacked his proposal for separating consulting from auditing .
The euro was an interesting experiment , but , like the almost-forgotten exchange-rate mechanism -LRB- ERM -RRB- that preceded it and fell apart when speculators attacked the British pound in 1992 , it lacks the institutional support required to make it work .
By contrast , inflation `` hawks '' argue that inflation must be attacked preemptively .
Indeed , Hindus , Christians , and Buddhists have been targeted as well , and religious extremists more recently have attacked Sufi shrines deemed to be idolatrous , and even Bengali cultural events that unite all religions in a common identity .
Just as Israel has frequently been attacked by rockets fired from across its border with Gaza , India has suffered repeated assaults by killers trained , equipped , financed , and directed by elements based next door in Pakistan .
The terrorists attacked India 's financial nerve-center and commercial capital , a city emblematic of the country 's energetic thrust into the twenty-first century .
But the Hindus who attacked the mosque had little faith in the institutions of Indian democracy .
When Tibetan demonstrators outside the Chinese Embassy in New Delhi attacked the premises , the Indian government stepped up its protection for the Chinese diplomats .
Mugabe 's regime has systematically shut down independent media , attacked independent civil society organizations , denied visas to foreign journalists , and has arrested and beaten journalists who nevertheless enter the country .
To be effective , elections must be preceded by an extensive debate , in which political arguments are made , attacked , defended , and , ultimately , embodied in ideologically coherent party organizations .
The demonstrations that will rock European cities the day Iraq is attacked must be counteracted in advance by unequivocal European statements to that effect .
Once he is attacked by the US , he may use it against Israel , which will retaliate .
Instead , NATO members should pledge to defend any Middle Eastern state that is attacked with nuclear weapons .
For the first time , the US pledges not to retaliate with a nuclear strike even if attacked by chemical or biological weapons .
But then reality intervened again . A suicide bomber attacked in Israel , and , in retaliation , the Israel Defense Forces took over Ramallah , where the tiny Palestinian Sesame Street studio was located .
It is no one 's business whom a victim has slept with previously , or what she was wearing when she was attacked .
Reforms that are attacked in one country continue to guide others .
The Soviets were regularly attacked as dangerous enemies of God .
On Bin Laden 's orders , oil installations , the oil city of Khobar , the interior ministry , and the police headquarters in Riyadh were all attacked .
This time , the authorities froze South Korean real estate in the Geumgang Mountain tourist zone and , most seriously of all , attacked the Cheonan .
