The September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on America brought Musharraf into the international limelight as he agreed to ditch the Taliban and support the United States-led war on terror .
Rather than taking responsibility for the deteriorating security situation -LRB- as evidenced by regular suicide bomb attacks -RRB- and the increasing Talibanization of the tribal areas , Musharraf has tried to blame the judiciary and media .
Allying himself with the Bush administration has increased his unpopularity , especially following missile attacks by the United States in Pakistan 's tribal areas .
An increase in deadly attacks on army convoys in the Pakistan-Afghanistan tribal areas has also pushed the army away from Musharraf .
According to Indian investigators , this group is implicated in the Mumbai attacks .
Though the group was banned by former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf after the terrorist attacks on the United States of September 11 , 2001 , some of its operators went underground and others joined Jamaat-ud-Dawa -LRB- JuD , Party of Proselytizing -RRB- -- an organization that runs religious educational centers and charities .
Indeed , even as the Pakistani Army launched operation Rah-e-Nijat -LRB- Path to Salvation -RRB- in October , a dozen devastating terrorist attacks in Pakistan 's major cities demonstrated the reach of the South Waziristan militants .
Since the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington on September 11 , 2001 , security cooperation between the two countries seems to have intensified .
The Syrian intelligence apparatus has provided much valuable information on the activities of Muhammad Atta and others suspected of involvement in those attacks , as well as information about other al-Qaeda activities .
There are even indications of some Syrian intelligence-sharing with the Americans regarding Iraqi military readiness in the weeks preceding the attacks .
Or , in the words of Abba Eban , it may be yet another opportunity to miss an opportunity . How the Palestinians respond depends largely on how the Palestinian body politic deals with the growing power of Palestinian Islamic movements , which undoubtedly expect a significant share of power in post-withdrawal Gaza . Will armed groups resume their fight against Israel , or will the Palestinian Authority act to defuse or combat the attacks ?
If Hamas can establish order inside Gaza , prevent violence against Israel , and stop missile attacks against Israeli towns and villages , it might avoid Israeli military intervention .
But the dominant view in Israel is that Hamas is a direct threat , unwilling to stop attacks on Israel .
In his recent vitriolic attacks on the IMF Stiglitz implied that he cares for the poor while the IMF does not .
We must not be silent about the daily attacks in France against Jews and synagogues .
Such attacks , however , have started a chain reaction of assaults across Europe and Latin America on individual Jews and Jewish institutions .
The attacks were an operation that must have required months of planning : serious weapons were deployed , a small army was mobilized , targets were studied , transport was organized , and weak points identified .
Indeed , the attacks represent more than a failure of police work . They represent a collapse of governance ; these are the wages of the sins of administrative incompetence and political malfeasance .
Indeed , India stands only behind Iraq in the number of people killed each year in terrorist attacks .
Yet the pogrom at the Sakharov museum provoked a chain reaction of similar attacks on contemporary art by Orthodox fundamentalists whom the church has been unable to control .
Violent attacks have caused a huge exodus , jeopardizing the existence of Christians , Yazidis , and Mandeans , who have lived in Iraq for hundreds of years .
The bombing of a pipeline or other oil facility somewhere in Iraq remains almost a daily occurrence , and the transfer of power has not reduced these attacks so far .
The biggest threats to the world 's energy security are not terrorist attacks or embargoes by oil-producing countries -- short-term events that can be dealt with quickly and effectively through various measures , including reliance on strategic petroleum reserves , increases in production , and diversion of oil shipments .
Iran 's government has more effective options to respond to attacks from the US and its allies .
The single currency was conceived as an answer to the upheavals of the postwar period -- double-digit inflation , high unemployment , and speculative attacks on the pound , the lira , and the French franc .
First , the euro has eliminated the possibility of exchange-rate turbulence and speculative currency attacks that more vulnerable economies could have expected in the current turmoil .
The international community 's goal must be to persuade neighboring countries to halt their brazen , unwarranted attacks on parts of Syrian society .
In particular , the US , which has significant influence in Saudi Arabia , must act to stop attacks by that country 's extremists on Syria 's religious minorities - attacks motivated merely by a desire to provoke sectarian conflict .
The perceived weakness of the US after the embassy bombings in East Africa and the attack on the destroyer the USS Cole no doubt contributed to the audacity of the attacks of September 11
Why should the one region - and people - who run an orderly government , are not involved in murder , attacks on mosques , and suicide bombing of schoolchildren , be penalized ?
On the contrary , the text legitimizes continuing attacks against Israeli civilians in the West Bank , making it unacceptable to Israel -- and to the international community .
The second failure occurred during the Arab Revolt against British rule in Palestine in 1936-1939 , which was accompanied by massive terror attacks against Jewish civilians .
Indeed , Bahraini security forces have been ruthless in their attacks against demonstrators , killing six .
The Internet is where some young Muslims succumb to the alluring narrative of Islam constructed by those behind the terror attacks of our age .
In one case , there were even attacks on Chinese migrants , leading to 18 deaths .
He was almost certainly referring to life during the Maoist years rather than the present , but his remarks enabled China to issue more media attacks and raise the political temperature further .
Many of our countries are targets of terrorism , which , eight years on from the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , we must recognize is down , but by no means out .
Paracetamol also remains the preferred drug to relieve pain or fever in children or adults with asthma , because aspirin or other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs may provoke attacks of asthma in susceptible people with this condition .
Not even George W. Bush seemed to be committed to any particular doctrine in foreign affairs before the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , drove him to unleash his ill-conceived `` global war on terror . ''
After all , the current strategy has not really worked either as a deterrent against conventional attacks -LRB- which persisted throughout the years that Israel supposedly developed its nuclear arsenal -RRB- or as a warning to rivals -LRB- such as Iran -RRB- against developing a nuclear weapon .
Two landmarks define these changes : the end of the Cold War , which rendered NATO 's defensive strategy against the Soviet Union obsolete , and the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the US , which changed the profile of the enemy and the nature of the battlefield .
The Istanbul Cooperation Initiative of 2004 , triggered by the trauma of the 9\/11 attacks , holds far greater potential , for it transforms NATO 's relations with friendly states in the Middle East from dialogue to partnership -- a level comparable to the Partnership for Peace program used to promote Central and Eastern European countries to full membership .
Such attacks might trigger a wider regional conflagration .
The rocket attacks against Israeli territory are a transparent attempt to divert attention and rally the masses around Hamas as the true champions of the Palestinian cause .
In the first weeks after the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon governments all over Europe were certain of public support .
From the start , he declared that the attacks on New York were directly aimed at his country .
But his vision of a North American Free Trade Association -LRB- NAFTA -RRB- encompassing elements of social and political fusion with his North American counterparts was sidetracked by the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and by his political rivals ' recent successes at the polls .
The murder of filmmaker Theo van Gogh and the ensuing arson attacks against mosques , churches , and Islamic schools have caused more soul-searching in Dutch homes in the last week than in the past two decades .
Shia have an interest in supporting the central government because they believe that their demographic weight -LRB- 60 % of Iraq 's population -RRB- means that representative democracy will guarantee them the right to rule and protect them from Sunni demands and attacks .
Attacks on pipelines have recently intensified ahead of a planned summit meeting between the government and various militia leaders , as small groups of militants stage attacks on oil infrastructure in the Delta to establish their relevance and win a potentially lucrative seat at the negotiating table .
For foreign investors , the greatest near-term concern may be a broad range of attacks from parliament and some of Yar ` Adua 's economic advisors on Charles Soludo , the central bank governor , who is widely credited for Nigeria 's improved economic performance in the past several years .
Dokubu 's allies have responded with new attacks .
A splinter group , the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , has claimed credit for several recent attacks and kidnappings of foreign workers , and says it will not retreat until Delta states gain control of the revenue produced by locally extracted oil .
A few weeks ago , a previously unknown organization called `` The Martyr 's Brigade '' claimed credit for attacks on Delta pipelines , raising concerns among multinationals that mercenary resistance in the region is becoming ideological .
Whatever the motivations of the various groups , a surge of militia attacks and kidnappings over the past several weeks has now shut down roughly 20 % of Nigeria 's oil exports and killed dozens of people .
Angry Muslim and Christian mobs burned churches and mosques , killing dozens of people in a series of attacks and reprisals that have deepened the sectional divide between the Muslim north and the Christian south .
But attacks in Iraq 's `` Sunni triangle '' -LRB- and Baghdad in particular -RRB- occur at a rate rivaling those in Chechnya and the Niger Delta .
Since Sunni militants destroyed the Shiite Askariya mosque in February , hundreds of Iraqis have been killed in a series of tit-for-tat sectarian attacks .
His government has rejected international calls to halt uranium enrichment , ignored UN-imposed deadlines , armed Iraqi militias , supplied Hezbollah with weapons for attacks on Israel , denied the Holocaust , and staged military exercises near the Strait of Hormuz , through which 40 % of the world 's sea-traded oil passes .
First , it sidelines Maliki , which means that he will be less damaged politically than if he were directly identified with US attacks on Iraqi Shi'a .
Nothing could be worse for Maliki than explicit authorization for attacks on Shi'a militias , and the near-term survival of his government is crucial if any progress is to be made on the political challenges facing all of Iraq 's factions .
The threat of terrorist attacks inside the country will continue to rise .
Why Turkey 's Army Will Stay Home Just when the smoke from Turkey 's domestic political conflicts of the past year had begun to clear , another deadly attack by Kurdish separatists on Turkish soldiers has the government threatening military attacks inside northern Iraq .
· To maintain deterrence and defend Israel and its citizens from cross-border attacks ;
· Security cooperation with the PA to prevent terrorist attacks on Israel , in exchange for economic aid and assistance to prevent a Hamas takeover ;
· To strike back at Hamas -- and potentially Hezbollah -- based on any attacks against Israel , with the precise response to depend on timing , opportunity , and these groups ' behavior ;
While the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 -- the deadliest of all time -- had nothing `` virtual '' about them , their perpetrator , al-Qaeda , projects a cloud of threat and power by using cyberspace to promote its bloody `` successes , '' spread hatred , and recruit jihadists .
The government uses the threat of terrorist attacks to justify domestic repression of political opponents and the absence of democratic reforms .
After the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the US wanted Pakistan to help end Taliban rule in Afghanistan .
The Indians agreed to resume the suspended dialogue with Pakistan , despite the failure fully to resolve the Mumbai attacks legally , as well as Pakistan 's inability or unwillingness to move against the two domestically-based terrorist groups that India had accused of having masterminded those and several other attacks on its territory .
Indeed , terrorist attacks directed or inspired by Bin Laden have killed thousands of people in a number of large Pakistani cities .
Some of these attacks targeted military installations , including the military 's headquarters in Rawalpindi , not far from Abbottabad .
Pakistan let the US use its air bases to launch drone attacks on Taliban fighters in Afghanistan and northwestern Pakistan ; allowed its territory to be used as a supply route for NATO forces in landlocked Afghanistan ; and , less enthusiastically than the US wished , launched military operations against Taliban sanctuaries on the Pakistani side of the porous border with Afghanistan .
Moreover , fierce attacks on Muslims started to come from people who , raised in deeply religious families , had turned into radical leftists in the 1960 's and 1970 's .
Most presidents hope to attach some special meaning to their time in office . The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , gave neo-con intellectuals the chance to lend their brand of revolutionary idealism to the Bush\/Cheney enterprise .
The combustible mix of autocratic ambition and misguided idealism took hold soon after the terrorist attacks in September 2001 .
Contrary to what the Nobel Prize-winning author José Saramago once said , the Israeli army 's attacks in Gaza are not comparable in any way to Auschwitz .
President George W. Bush and his cheerleaders , invoking the Munich Agreement at every opportunity , regarded the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , as a call to arms .
NEW YORK -- Many people still believe that the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , were not just acts of political terrorism , but part of a cultural war , a clash of civilizations .
It is inarguable that Israel has a right to defend itself against attacks on its citizens , but it is inhumane and counterproductive to punish civilian populations in the illogical hope that somehow they will blame Hamas and Hezbollah for provoking the devastating response .
The urgent need in Lebanon is that Israeli attacks stop , that Lebanon 's regular military forces control the southern region of the country , that Hezbollah cease as a separate fighting force , and future attacks against Israel be prevented .
I condemned these attacks as abominable and an act of terrorism , since most of the thirteen victims during the past seven years have been non-combatants .
For the moment one stops seeing the terrorist attacks of 2001 as a purely religious statement , one is forced to confront the elephant in the room : the attacks were , in essence , a political statement .
One only has to recall the vitriol visited upon Rev. Jeremiah Wright during the last presidential campaign for his now infamous sermon in which he said that , with the attacks , the chickens of US foreign policy had come home to roost .
It is possible to disagree with Wright and his ilk , but it is hardly disputable that public debate in the US has systematically failed to engage in a serious discussion about the disturbing political issues that lurk beneath -- although never justify -- those attacks .
Perhaps that is why most opponents of Park 51 have sought refuge in the religious narrative of the terrorist attacks .
Kerry has never shown much interest in the region , while Bush has largely ignored it since the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
In the year since the terrorist attacks of last September 11th , many of us have repeatedly looked in the mirror to ask : What has changed ?
The international dimension of the attacks also includes an encounter with the after-effects of violence , and the longer-term problems of understanding what happened and how it changed us .
The withdrawal of NATO forces before the job is done will leave India on the front lines to face the brunt of greater terror from the Afghanistan-Pakistan belt . In fact , NATO 's retreat is expected to embolden jihadists in the region -- and beyond it -- to stage transnational attacks .
By contrast , India 's location next to the Af-Pak has left it far more vulnerable , and the country has since suffered a series of major attacks -- from the assault on its parliament in December 2001 to the terrorist siege of Mumbai in 2008 .
Significantly , in contrast to its increasingly vituperative attacks on the Dalai Lama , China has not denounced -LRB- or derecognized -RRB- its Karmapa , although his flight to India signaled its failure to retain the loyalty of a supposed puppet .
It will be mainly such elements that will have the capacity to launch major transnational terrorist attacks , like the 2008 Mumbai strikes .
This only deepened US involvement in the wrong war and emboldened Pakistan to fatten the Afghan Taliban , even as sustained US attacks continued to severely weaken Al Qaeda .
Let 's be clear : America 's Afghan war is not winnable , even though Obama has redefined American goals from defeating the Taliban to preventing Al Qaeda from using Afghanistan as a base to launch attacks on the United States .
Without a large ground force in Afghanistan or even major ground operations , the US can hold Al Qaeda 's remnants at bay in their havens in the mountainous tribal regions of Pakistan through covert operations , Predator drones , and cruise-missile attacks .
At a time when cyber attacks are increasing worldwide , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was right to declare that an attack on one nation 's computer networks `` can be an attack on all . ''
The targets also can face Trojan-horse attacks by e-mail intended to breach their computers and allow the infiltrators to corrupt or transfer files remotely .
Through the use of so-called `` false-flag espionage '' and other methods , attacks can be routed through the computers of a third country .
Then there are many cases in which the attacks have originated directly from China .
Systematic cyber attacks constitute a new frontier of asymmetrical warfare at a time when the world already confronts other unconventional threats , including transnational terrorism .
The terrorist attacks on the United States of September 11 , 2001 , galvanized American interest in the southern Philippines .
The women gravitating back to the Republicans , according to conventional wisdom , are `` security moms '' -- suburban wives and mothers who started worrying about their families ' safety after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
Three issues stand out . First , the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of 2001 reminded us -LRB- in case we had forgotten -RRB- that there is a union of values called `` the West . ''
There was also , at least in the US , the desire to avenge the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington , as well as geopolitical interests .
Things in Iraq may not be as bad as the daily news of bomb attacks make events there sound ; but it is clear that there will be no lasting progress towards a liberal order in that country without basic security .
London 's Mayor and police chief have jointly warned that terrorist attacks in the city are `` inevitable . ''
But history never bowed out ; at most , it only took a decade-long intermission , with its next act heralded by the terrorist attacks in the United States in September 2001 .
Similarly , attacks against the West in mosques , however vicious , should not be banned , in contrast to open encouragement to join suicide death squads .
When Tony Blair says that the most important liberty is security from terrorist attacks , he has forgotten the first principles of his party and his country .
In many EU member states , criminal law has been strengthened and is being used to prevent attacks .
KABUL -- Suicide bombings , assassinations of top Afghan leaders , brutal attacks on Charikar and other places close to Kabul , Afghanistan 's capital , and a rapid increase in civilian deaths from drone attacks are jeopardizing the withdrawal of American and NATO forces from the country .
The rest of the decade was punctuated by the Mexican peso crisis of 1994 , the East Asian crisis of 1997-98 , and troubles in Brazil , Argentina , Turkey , and elsewhere , and the new millennium began with the collapse of the dot-com bubble in 2000 and the economic fallout from the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
Stan Collender of National Journal sees the fingerprints of the White House on these attacks : Greenspan is harshly critical of George W. Bush 's administration , after all , and to attack the credibility of Republican ex-policymakers who are critical of Bush is standard counterpunching for it .
Political and cultural leaders from around the globe condemned the attacks .
Even sadder is that while Pakistani newspapers widely condemned these attacks and criticized local officials ' indifference , there has been almost no coverage in the international press .
A majority of public opinion polls taken in the last four years show that the views of Americans about Islam continue to be a casualty of the attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Washington Post\/ABC News polls from 2006 , for example , found that nearly half of Americans regard Islam `` unfavorably , '' while one in four admits to prejudicial feelings against Muslims .
Concern with the region did not begin with the attacks in the US in September 2001 or with the Madrid bombings .
But , after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , they became confused with another debate , one far more important for a US electorate that feels threatened : how can alliances and multilateral institutions protect Americans ?
Bombings in London and Turkey have brought to the fore the old ideas that authoritarian regimes are better equipped than democracies to combat terrorism , and that such attacks are the price we pay for liberty .
Terrorist attacks on Russia did not cease or decline .
Its report on the inability of the intelligence services , notably the CIA and the FBI , to prevent the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks also contained a series of recommendations for restructuring these services to render them more effective .
Cooperation over the last few years between the UN Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo -LRB- UNMIK -RRB- , the NATO-led multinational Kosova Force -LRB- KFOR -RRB- , and local governments - boosted by the arrival of a democratic government in Serbia - has cut down the number of terrorist attacks in Southern Serbia and Macedonia .
There is a sort of crusade underway -- an especially perfidious campaign consisting of systematic attacks by Islamists , focused on civilians , that is directed against our free , open Western societies , and that is intent upon their utter destruction .
Extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis -LRB- XDR-TB -RRB- is a difficult to treat strain of TB which , attacks where health systems are historically weak , especially in areas of high HIV prevalence .
It should work , that is , unless the terrorist attacks have so shaken consumer confidence that people go into a form of spending hibernation in fear of the future .
Gallup poll taken before the attacks , and addressed to investors , optimism hit a near 5-year low ; few believe a recovery is already underway .
The Internet 's Immune System NEW YORK -- Viruses , phishing , spyware , spam , denial-of-service attacks , botnets ... You have probably heard these words , and perhaps even suffered from what they signify , with or without knowing it .
ISPs would throttle traffic from ISPs that did not join the security collective , and pretty soon their customers would complain , forcing them either to join or find themselves relegated to the underworld , from which it would be hard to launch attacks because no one would accept their traffic .
In parliamentary debates , fierce ideological battles may be the order of the day , but ad hominem attacks are off limits .
How did it happen that every contemporary problem , particularly in Russia , seems to have been reduced to terrorist attacks and counter-terrorist operations ?
At the beginning of the twentieth century , socialist revolutionaries led by Evno Asef embarked on a series of terrorist attacks against state officials .
True , nobody has been killed by a nuclear weapon since the attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki , 65 years ago this month .
Recent polling to mark the 10th anniversary of the 9\/11 attacks has shown alarming persistence of the animosity generated by the interventions in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The follow-up Resolution 1973 , adopted on March 17 , deplored the failure to comply with Resolution 1970 , reasserted a determination to ensure the protection of civilians , and called for an immediate ceasefire and a complete end to violent attacks against and abuses of civilians .
And , as for the wider mandate to protect civilians , the resolution allows airborne attacks to knock out tanks or troop columns advancing on Benghazi or other rebel-held towns , and -- should they exist -- concentrations of forces within those areas that pose a direct and immediate threat to Qaddafi 's opponents .
Moreover , China 's geopolitical importance to the US has grown immensely since the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington D.C. of September 11 , 2001 .
We have consistently condemned attacks that target innocent Israelis .
But eight in ten Americans think that terrorist attacks are unlikely , and many voters believe that involvement in Afghanistan and Iraq will increase rather than limit America 's vulnerability to terrorism .
On the one hand , the euro protected the eurozone , particularly Germany 's export economy , from speculative attacks and the chaos of currency volatility .
America 's departure from this great tradition did not begin with the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
Instead , Europe developed the euro , which solved the problem of speculative attacks and monetary credibility by replacing individual currencies with a new one .
We have too little information about many of these attacks to know one way or the other .
This makes little sense , because states must retain the right to defend themselves against impending attacks as well .
But this formula does not clearly cover even the terrorist attacks of September 2001 .
But suppose we try to define the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , as terrorism by using the following formula : a violent , organized , and public attack by private parties on other civilians , without guilt , regardless of the justice of the cause .
Other than drive his boss around and attend meetings , he did nothing more to promote the terrorist attacks of September 2001 .
The agreement provides a process for compensating the victims of attacks ranging from the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , to the US air strikes on Tripoli and Benghazi in 1986 .
And yet , particularly since the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , that is precisely what has happened , owing to four key mistakes made by the Bush administration .
First , the doctrine of `` preemption , '' which was devised in response to the 2001 attacks , was inappropriately broadened to include Iraq and other so-called `` rogue states '' that threatened to develop weapons of mass destruction .
Moreover , they are prone to being kidnapped by criminal gangs , trained to steal or pickpocket , or , worse , placed at the mercy of terrorists for use in attacks .
Similarly , in Sudan 's Darfur region , there has been no genuine peace process to disrupt , as attacks on civilians continue to be reported , even after the United Nations Security Council referred the matter to the ICC in 2005 .
In response to the recent wave of terrorist attacks , Vladimir Putin has demanded that even more power be vested in him .
Yet even that is uncertain : before Beslan , the response to terrorist attacks in Ingushetia and Chechnya consisted of efforts to form additional traditional military divisions .
Today , with the terrorist attacks along the roads and the insecurity , and tomorrow , with the establishment of a Palestinian state , these settlers will probably want to return to live within Israel 's borders .
Some observers fear that the attacks in New York and Washington may act as a catalyst for American consumers , who have kept spending despite a recent parade of grim economic statistics , to finally tighten their belts .
Prior to the terrorist attacks , American economic indicators were increasingly gloomy : economic growth was barely positive in the last two quarters of 2000 .
But if the influence of these so-called siloviki was unbridled , similar attacks would have been launched against other major companies by now .
BRUSSELS -- The euro area confronts a fundamental crisis that attacks on financial speculators will do nothing to resolve .
Not surprisingly , after the attacks Western leaders reaffirmed the urgency of bringing Turkey into the European fold .
In the days following the attacks in Istanbul , Turks across the board condemned this brutal violence : there was no -LRB- or only negligible -RRB- blame-the-victim sentiment toward Turkish Jews -LRB- or toward Israel -RRB- or toward the British and Americans , whose war in Iraq is extremely unpopular in Turkey .
But the terrorist attacks in Istanbul are unlikely to generate a nervous reaction in restricting democratic rights .
If al-Qaeda was behind the attacks , it grossly miscalculated .
When the Muslim world was thrown into confusion and disarray after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the democratic wing of the Islamist movement was working on a platform of legislative reforms it would propose for EU accession .
Similarly , cardiologists once prescribed drugs to reduce sudden death in patients after heart attacks .
Terrorism and Counter-Terrorism Reconsidered The arrests in London of 21 terrorists who appear to have planned to blow up a number of airplanes over the Atlantic reminds us , if any reminder is needed , of the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of September 11 , 2001 .
Terrorist attacks have occurred subsequently in Indonesia , Madrid , London , Egypt , and most recently Mumbai .
And as the recent arrests in London suggest , it is also possible that the desire of some terrorists to accomplish something more dramatic than the 9\/11 attacks may have complicated their ability to implement their plans and increased the prospect that they will be detected .
Existing terrorists need to be stopped before they act ; failing that , societies need to protect themselves and have ready the means of reducing the consequences of successful attacks .
Instead , it could be expected to retaliate by attacking US forces in Afghanistan and Iraq , unleashing terrorist attacks throughout the region and the world , and interrupting the flow of tanker traffic through the Strait of Hormuz .
I maintain that the effort against Afghanistan was justified -LRB- to remove the Taliban government that helped bring about the 9\/11 attacks -RRB- , and that ousting Saddam Hussein was not .
The Cold War ended a generation ago ; the terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 , are nearly a decade in the past .
Depending on how this power is used -LRB- or abused -RRB- , it can be beneficial -LRB- exercising needed oversight and increasing the transparency of policy and policy-making -RRB- or destructive -LRB- if , for example , hearings degenerate into politically motivated attacks on administration officials and policies -RRB- .
It did not herald a new era of international relations in which terrorists with a global agenda prevailed , or in which such spectacular terrorist attacks became commonplace .
The second phase of the post-Cold War era began with the 9\/11 terror attacks .
Its population lives in fear of bombings and suicide attacks -- the next one could be at the local mosque , an internet café , or a roadside restaurant .
The innumerable blasts and attacks all across the country , the killing of Benazir Bhutto , and the routine television images of splatters of blood covered with flies have wrecked their nerves .
The same Commission , on which I served , urged the new President , George W. Bush , on January 31 , 2001 , to prepare the nation for these attacks by consolidating dispersed federal government agencies into a new national homeland security agency .
Many experts believe that , two years later , the US has still not begun to take the urgent steps necessary to defend itself against further attacks .
America 's legal community , and some in the wider society , are beginning to awake to the complex issues confronting the US as it seeks to protect itself from outside attacks for the first time since 1812 .
Are n't these severe attacks on language also assaults on a root of our identities ?
The current air strikes on Gaza , and continuing rocket attacks on Askelon , Sderot and other towns in southern Israel , only prove how dire the situation is becoming .
Such impunity creates an atmosphere in which continued attacks are practically invited .
These lessons do not rule out all violence , focusing instead on Al-Qaeda 's justifications for its attacks and the forms that the violence takes .
Al-Qaeda has also damaged itself with the Saudi public , which has been repeatedly victimized by terrorist attacks .
Suicide bombings of public buildings and attacks on oil and other government installations have alienated many Saudis .
With at least 80 % of the population dependent on government salaries or grants , the attacks have proved very unpopular .
As a result , Al-Qaeda has had a respite to try to rebuild itself and to organize attacks in Saudi Arabia and elsewhere .
They claim that constitutionalism and due process , if meticulously followed , reduce the government 's `` flexibility '' in devising ways to prevent terrorist attacks .
The administration arguably devoted most of its counterterrorism efforts not to law enforcement operations , but into `` war '' in Muslim lands because it failed to keep a cool head in the immediate aftermath of the attacks on New York and Washington .
President Bush 's comparison of the capture of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed -LRB- reputed to have planned the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon -RRB- to the liberation of Paris in 1944 was certainly hyperbolic , but the arrest was a political blessing for the US President all the same .
Before the terrorist attacks on America and the ouster of the Taliban in next-door Afghanistan , Pakistan 's religious parties had few seats in either the federal or provincial assemblies .
Meanwhile , across the border in Afghanistan , US forces are experiencing frequent ambushes and rocket attacks upon their bases .
Iraq stands as a reminder of America 's furious desire to avenge the terrorist attacks of September , 2001 and hurt punish even those unconnected with the perpetrators .
Only rarely do scenes of massive displacement of the civilian population make it onto our television screens , because , unlike bombs and suicide attacks , displacement does not generate the blood , fire , or screams that constitutes compelling footage .
Civilians are killed daily in Mogadishu , there are roadside bombs and mortar attacks , and politicians and journalists are targeted .
While democracy is not part of his agenda , his messages , as well as his followers ' periodic armed attacks inside the country , have no doubt contributed to the erosion of the regime 's legitimacy .
But it was the terrorist attacks on the US in September 2001 that brought a sea change in the thinking , if not yet the practice , of at least part of the Saudi regime .
The fact that most of the perpetrators of the attacks were identified as Saudis highlighted the country 's backward realities and provoked mounting international pressures for change .
On August 19 , 2009 , the sixth anniversary of the bombing that killed the United Nations representative in Baghdad , a series of spectacular attacks were carried out .
Back in 1997 , many Asians thought that the speculative attacks then being mounted on Asian currencies were unjustified , with Malaysia 's Prime Minister Mohamad Mahathir leading the charge against speculators .
In a continent where anti-Americanism remains both very popular and an effective way to consolidate national cohesion and political power , Chávez 's attacks found a ready audience .
Debates and protests about globalization have been muted since last September 's terrorist attacks . But that silence does not mean that they are over .
The most obvious reason for increased worries about security in America is the challenge of meeting the threat of terrorism after the attacks of September 2001 .
Putin 's vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US .
Britain is convulsed by a scandal about parliamentary expenses that has no equivalent since the attacks on `` old corruption '' in the early nineteenth century .
Today the attacks are not limited to the political and financial establishment .
In the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , President George W. Bush advised Americans that they should not allow the trauma of the attacks to interfere with their ordinary shopping , and implied that buying had become a patriotic duty and virtue .
As with heart attacks , the acute stage is usually followed by stabilization , in which banks are recapitalized and the fear of immediate failure wanes .
But it also took away the one-way-bet character of speculative attacks on vulnerable currencies , and thus removed the fundamental driver of instability .
Treating acute heart attacks with inexpensive drugs is , however , cost-effective .
There is unmistakable continuity between Joseph McCarthy 's attacks on President Harry Truman 's administration for `` losing '' China , and for supposed `` appeasement '' and even `` treason '' and Dick Cheney 's and Karl Rove 's refrains assailing Obama for opposing the Iraq war , not to mention Sarah Palin 's charge during the election campaign that Obama had been `` palling around with terrorists . ''
The foreign secretaries of India and Pakistan met in New Delhi recently , after a gap of more than 15 months , the terrorist attacks of November 11 , 2008 having frozen bilateral relations between the two countries in suspicion and mutual recrimination .
NEW DELHI -- The lull in headline-grabbing terror attacks appears to be over .
Despite a supposed offensive by Pakistan 's government against the TTP in some of the tribal regions , a recent documentary reported that the group is now recruiting young children to carry out suicide attacks .
Indeed , there were nearly 60 suicide attacks in Pakistan in 2009 , compared to only two in 2002 .
According to Brian Fishman , a terrorism expert at the US Military Academy at West Point , the growth in suicide attacks poses a severe challenge to Pakistan , for a `` whole milieu of militant groups , and individuals have come together ideologically ... to embark on mission -LRB- s -RRB- that Al Qaeda set -LRB- s -RRB- for them . ''
Its Prevention of Terrorism Act -LRB- POTA -RRB- , enacted after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on America by the then ruling Bharatiya Janata Party -LRB- BJP -RRB- - led government , contains many of the features enshrined in the Patriot Act : an overly vague definition of what constitutes terrorism or unlawful acts , immunity from prosecution for law-enforcement or government agents , and expansion of wire-tapping .
At the same time , in the face of an alarming increase in the number of terrorist attacks , Manmohan Singh 's government has also indulged in a heavy-handed response to suspected Islamist terrorists , who are hauled off on flimsy evidence and killed before they can be convicted of any crime .
In the two-year period that ended on December 31 , 2002 , more than 1,600 people were prosecuted for endangering state security , most after the terror attacks on the US .
The Rise of Mid-Level Powers The security environment since the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States has clearly demonstrated the limits of the United Nations , or even the US as the world 's sole military superpower , to maintain international security .
But the terrorist attacks on the US in September 2001 pressed Japan to recognize that it must begin to exercise greater autonomy and independent judgment in formulating and implementing its national security policies .
With almost daily terrorist attacks , ordinary citizens victimized by shell and gunfire or misconceived bombing , the abuses of Iraqi prisoners , and the hostility of Iraq 's Shiites - on whom the US had pinned high hopes for the peace process - American policy is in jeopardy of failure .
Today 's complex security environment , with terrorist attacks by non-state actors occurring alongside traditional state-to-state wars , demands a nimble , integrated strategy .
It behaved in ways that would have been unthinkable before -- for example , its attacks on Yugoslavia , Afghanistan , and Iraq .
And he can not be free to make those attacks more lethal by using his airpower .
While Ahmedinejad continues his verbal attacks on the US , he does not control the policy-making apparatus that will decide about Iran 's nuclear program and its relations with the international community .
As we progressively eliminate the world 's deadliest weapons and their components , we will make it harder to execute WMD terrorist attacks .
The terrorist attacks of 2001 , followed by the Afghanistan and Iraq wars , the Great Contraction of 2008 , the Arab Spring , and Europe 's sovereign debt crisis , all diverted the United States from helping to create a lasting structure of peace to accommodate today 's resurgent Asia .
The optimism that followed the recent Pakistani elections has turned to concern as the government 's negotiations with militants appear to have made a terrorist safe-haven safer and attacks against NATO forces in Afghanistan more frequent .
Pressures are mounting on the ECB to raise interest rates -- and Berlusconi and Co. 's attacks are as much as an attempt to forestall future rate hikes as to get the ECB to loosen its monetary policy .
Sarkozy and the Euro 's Perfect Storm The more French president Nicolas Sarkozy attacks the European Central Bank and the strong euro , the more he is criticized in the European media , by European finance ministers , European Union officials and the ECB itself .
Sarkozy might even tone down his attacks on the ECB , whose single-minded , inflation-fighting policies have made it one of his favorite targets .
Critics who want a more activist , growth-oriented monetary policy have tried -- albeit unsuccessfully -- to soften up the 68-year-old Dutchman with personal attacks and degrading insults .
And , just as the inhuman terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 severely damaged Islam 's credibility in many people 's eyes , the invasion of Iraq , which was based on lies , has damaged both Christianity and the Western community of values .
Iran could also intensify efforts to fund and arm insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan , imperiling both countries . And it could launch attacks on US , European , and Israeli targets on a global basis .
Israeli leaders must be made to understand that preemptive attacks and assassinations only increase the chance of more anti-Israeli attacks , not less .
A deadly civil war would surely ensue if the Palestinian Authority seeks to crush Palestinian militants at a time of relentless Israeli attacks and no tangible progress in the peace talks .
Such an agreement must end all types of military and armed attacks as well as assassinations , and it needs to be monitored by a neutral third party -- namely , the quartet -LRB- the US , the UN , the EU , and Russia -RRB- that drew up the road map , which already contains a provision for foreign monitors .
Better known by its Arabic acronym , HAMAS , Yasin 's group competed with the secular PLO groups by staging amateurish attacks on Jewish settlers and kidnapping Israeli soldiers .
Yet the Palestinian resistance has responded with more rocket attacks .
Joe Stork , Human Rights Watch 's Middle East director , rejected Israel 's justification of the fuel cuts as a way to force Palestinian armed groups to stop their rocket and suicide attacks .
The international community must act quickly to force the Israelis to abandon its deterrence strategy and instead work on reaching an understanding that can result in a cessation of attacks by both sides .
Cross-border attacks , hijackings , Arab and international diplomacy , secret talks , non-violent resistance , suicide bombings , rockets , regional Arab initiatives , international peace envoys : nothing has succeeded in ending the occupation .
In 2002 , he was arrested and sentenced to a long prison term on charges that he led the Second Intifada , which had begun two years earlier , and ordered some of its military attacks .
He needs to make it clear to every armed Palestinian that there will be no tolerance for any unofficial group carrying arms or conducting military attacks from Palestinian territory .
While I believe that the occupation , rather than the reaction to it , is the main cause of our conflict , the unilateral tahdia -LRB- `` declared calm '' -RRB- decision by Palestinian militant groups has reduced anti-Israeli attacks mightily , which shows that Palestinians also realize the limits of their military actions .
Both sides should commit to an end to assassinations , shelling , bombings , and any other form of attacks on the other side 's military targets and citizens .
The Palestinian intifada , the terrorist attacks against New York and Washington in September 2001 , and the invasion of Afghanistan and Iraq propelled Al Jazeera to global influence .
Although the FARC 's capabilities have been seriously degraded over the last six years , and its geographical dispersion has shifted away from the main population centers , a series of high-profile attacks against business and civilian targets in the main cities would suffice to shatter the impression of security in the country .
Rather , these poll numbers are a `` vote '' for the status quo ; they convey a broadly shared sense that political change is not desired , notwithstanding terrorist attacks , technological catastrophes , lawless police , or rigged elections .
Fighter bombers and attack helicopters would be employed to intercept any counter-attacks against the flanks of the advancing columns , and to break up blocking forces .
Instead of waiting passively for sanctions , Iran 's leaders decided to start a Middle East crisis by organizing attacks against Israel .
Hamas acted by increasing rocket attacks on nearby Israeli territory , and by launching a raid into Israel itself , killing two soldiers and capturing another .
But the possibility of attack was of course anticipated , and military planners determined that the only possible response was to counterattack as heavily and for as long as might be needed , until Palestinian attacks would stop , whether from exhaustion or agreement .
Hezbollah , however , distributed its rockets to village militias that were good at hiding them from air attacks , sheltering them from artillery , and from probing Israeli unmanned air vehicles , but that were incapable of launching them effectively in simultaneous launches against the same targets .
Americans explain their country 's democratic backsliding by pointing to the 9\/11 terrorist attacks .
Yet India continues to face many challenges : nearly 300 million people living in poverty , the spreading Naxalite insurgency , the danger of terrorist attacks ala Mumbai , and sprawling urban slums .
Since the attacks of September 2001 , the United States has managed to avoid further attacks on its land .
Surprisingly , for such an extensive , cynically efficient cluster of humanity , the city displayed surprising civility and solidarity during and after the attacks .
Other examples come to mind : the accusations of collaboration with the secret police raised against Lech Walesa , Romania 's public controversies surrounding Mircea Eliade 's fascist past , and the attacks on the alleged `` Jewish monopoly of suffering '' which equate the Holocaust with the Soviet Gulag .
As the 9-11 terrorist attacks on the US brutally reminded us , a lethal threat need not come from equivalent military hardware .
Throughout the PLA 's history , a chief tactic has always been to launch asymmetrical attacks on an enemy 's command and communication centers , thus obviating direct confrontations where parity in technological development would determine a clearer definition of victory and defeat .
The terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of September , 2001 and their aftermath may exacerbate tensions not only between pro-Western and anti-Western schools of thought in Africa , but also between Christians and Muslims .
This threat , together with terrorist attacks in Kenya , Tanzania , Tunisia , and Morocco , has prompted the Bush administration to install military bases in the region .
Von Braun predicted that military forces would use orbiting platforms to observe troop movements and prevent surprise attacks .
The last Quadrennial Defense Review was published a few weeks after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
The belief that terrorism can not be eradicated assumes that the ability to tolerate terrorist attacks -- to `` ride out the storm '' -- is greater than the willingness of terrorists to persist , or even escalate the attacks .
This past January , China , alongside Russia , vetoed a Security Council resolution that condemned Burma 's human rights record and called on the government to stop attacks on ethnic minorities , release political prisoners , and begin a transition towards national reconciliation and democracy .
Intelligence and military analysts debate how much of the violence is due to the presence of foreigners , though it is widely conceded that most of the attacks can be attributed to what American officials call `` former regime elements , '' with the Iraqi Sunni community the main pillar of the resistance .
The difficult personal chemistry he has with German Chancellor Angela Merkel is reinforced by his constant attacks on the European Central Bank and its president , Jean-Claude Trichet .
In American eyes , the Kosovo war in 1999 demonstrated NATO 's glaring and myriad shortcomings , while the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , moved America still further away from the Alliance , particularly after President George W. Bush disparagingly rejected NATO 's offer of help .
The attacks on Sarkozy are very personal , and focus as much on his `` essence '' as on his performance .
The terrorist attacks on Western targets that he ordered include not only the Pan Am tragedy in Lockerbie , Scotland , but also a French UTA plane blown up over Africa .
As the world was watching the football games in Germany , North Korea was testing long-range missiles and Palestinians in the governing Hamas launched attacks on Israel that prompted a bloody invasion of Gaza .
Whenever manipulation efforts fail , cyber-attacks offer yet another powerful tool to crack down on dissent without triggering public accusations of formal censorship .
A series of cyber-attacks followed , and was so devastating that the entire service -- with its millions of other blogs -- crashed , forcing LiveJournal administrators to delete his account temporarily .
2 . Extremely low levels of trans fat intake are associated with significantly increased risk of heart disease . In our analysis of prospective studies totaling 140,000 men and women , we determined that intake of 2 % of total calories from trans fats -LRB- or 40 calories\/day , for a typical 2000 calorie\/day diet -RRB- was associated with 23 % higher risk of heart attacks or death from heart disease .
Elimination of industrial trans fats from foods , either by voluntary or legislative measures , would likely prevent tens of thousands of heart attacks each year in the U.S. and other countries .
Of course , civil liberties were bound to suffer in the wake of the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
Moreover , the United States has been squandering much of its capacity to promote human rights internationally . In responding to the terrorist attacks on its own soil on September 11 , 2001 , the US has resorted to such measures as prolonged indefinite detention without charges , trials before military commissions lacking due process safeguards , and cruel , inhuman , and degrading treatment of detainees , including torture .
In difficult circumstances , and with no cooperation from the Israeli government , Goldstone documented in substantial detail a large number of Israeli attacks that killed many hundreds of civilians , injured thousands , and destroyed a significant part of Gaza 's civilian infrastructure .
Goldstone also documented attacks against Israeli civilians by Hamas , and did not restrict himself to a discussion of the notorious rockets indiscriminately fired from Gaza .
One reason is the tremendous increase in anti-Americanism since the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . This is largely due to a widespread perception of American arrogance .
At the same time , rising anti-Americanism preceded the US response to the terrorist attacks .
Even before the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington , America 's image as a rights proponent had been tarnished , particularly in Europe , by its continued practice of capital punishment and , to a lesser degree , by its high incarceration rate -- approximately seven times the average in the European Union 's fifteen member countries .
But the government-controlled media subsequently launched fierce attacks against them , targeting Primakov especially , since he was considered a serious rival to Putin and a legitimate presidential contender .
After the shock of the September 2001 terrorist attacks , his son , George W. Bush , developed a far more ambitious vision .
The attacks on New York and Washington of 2001 were dramatic escalations of an age-old phenomenon .
Cellular phones were used as timers in the attacks in Madrid last March .
Because of the unprecedented scale of Al Qaeda 's attacks , the focus is properly on Islamic extremists .
In the 1970 's , the Palestinian attack on Israeli athletes at the Munich Olympics and attacks by groups like the Red Brigades galvanized world attention at the cost of dozens of lives .
The attacks on America of September 2001 cost several thousand lives .
If a campaign to suppress terrorism is based on broad coalitions that focus on de-legitimizing attacks on innocent non-combatants , it has some prospect of success .
The metaphor of war was understandable in the aftermath of the 2001 attacks , but creates as many problems as it solves .
After the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the Bush administration launched an ambitious new policy to encourage a democratic transformation of the Middle East .
On terrorism , they break the long UN impasse over finding a definition , condemning all attacks against civilians , and propose a number of measures that member states should take .
A state threatened by terrorist attacks originating in another state might feel less patient than a majority of the Council about what is the `` last resort . ''
This new approach might have seemed threatened by Al Qaeda 's attacks on America , which led to a strengthening of US relations with Pakistan 's General Parvez Musharaff .
After all , British citizens in one of the world 's oldest democracies carried out the recent terrorist attacks in London .
After the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , Bush found his voice and the American people rallied around his presidency .
In September 2005 , another crisis , Hurricane Katrina , probably killed at least as many Americans as the terrorist attacks in 2001 , but it had the opposite effect on Bush 's poll numbers , which dropped to an all-time low .
For one thing , the September 11 attacks were by a human enemy , and despite inadequate domestic preparations for such an event , Americans ' anger was directed outward .
On the anniversary of the September 11 attacks , a unit of the New York City Police Department was helping out in New Orleans , and the city returned a fire engine that New Orleans had earlier donated as a symbol of solidarity .
The world needs a multi-faceted strategy that de-legitimizes attacks on civilians as a method of conflict ; discourages states from providing resources or safe harbor to those who use such methods ; hardens our targets at home ; denies terrorists easy access to weapons of mass destruction ; and reduces incentives to use terrorism .
While far from perfect , the first round in the fight went to the US . Al-Qaeda lost the sanctuaries from which it planned its attacks ; many of its leaders were killed or captured ; and its central communications were severely disrupted .
The US invasion of Iraq , a country that was not connected to the 9\/11 attacks , squandered that good will , and the attractiveness of the US in Muslim countries like Indonesia plummeted from 75 % approval in 2000 to half that level today .
This became particularly important after the Al Qaeda attacks on September 11 , 2001 , shifted the focus of American foreign policy toward transnational terrorism .
Charles Krauthammer celebrated this view as `` the new unilateralism , '' and it heavily influenced the Bush administration even before the attacks on September 11 , 2001 .
In response to al-Qaeda 's terrorist attacks on the US , Vice President Dick Cheney argued that strong military action would deter further attacks .
Governments have mainly been concerned about hacker attacks on their own bureaucracy 's information technology infrastructure , but there are social vulnerabilities well beyond government computers .
Cyber attacks may also interfere with financial markets and cause immense economic loss by closing down commercial Web sites .
In 1998 , when America complained about seven Moscow Internet addresses involved in the theft of Pentagon and NASA secrets , the Russian government replied that phone numbers from which the attacks originated were inoperative .
Kerr described what he called `` supply chain attacks '' in which hackers not only steal proprietary information , but go further and insert erroneous data and programs in communications hardware and software -- Trojan horses that can be used to bring down systems .
Governments can hope to deter cyber attacks just as they deter nuclear or other armed attacks . But deterrence requires a credible threat of response against an attacker .
And that becomes much more difficult in a world where governments find it hard to tell where cyber attacks come from , whether from a hostile state or a group of criminals masking as a foreign government .
While an international legal code that defines cyber attacks more clearly , together with cooperation on preventive measures , can help , such arms-control solutions are not likely to be sufficient .
The terrorist attacks on New York , Washington , and now Madrid are terrible symptoms of the deep changes already occurring .
In the climate of extreme fear that followed the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the Bush administration engaged in tortured legal interpretations of international and domestic law that tarnished American democracy and diminished its soft power .
When some of the Bush administration 's more reasonable members are asked today how they could have taken the positions they did in 2002 , they cite the anthrax attacks that followed 9\/11 , the intelligence reports of an impending attack with nuclear materials , and the widespread fear of a second attack against the American people .
Preventing new terrorist attacks while understanding and avoiding the mistakes of the past will be essential if we are to preserve and support liberal democracy both at home and abroad .
And now technology has brought a new dimension to warfare : the prospect of cyber attacks , by which an enemy -- state or non-state -- can create enormous physical destruction -LRB- or threaten to do so -RRB- without an army that physically crosses another state 's border .
In the climate of extreme fear that followed the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the Bush administration 's tortured legal interpretations of international and domestic law tarnished American democracy and diminished its soft power .
When some of the more reasonable members of the Bush administration are asked today how they could have taken the positions that they did in 2002 , they cite the anthrax attacks that followed 9\/11 , the intelligence reports of an impending attack with nuclear materials , and widespread public fear of a second attack .
Preventing new terrorist attacks while understanding and avoiding the mistakes of the past will be essential if we are to preserve and support liberal democracy both at home and abroad .
No more large-scale attacks have occurred inside the US , and everyday life has recovered well .
Hamas and other armed groups , I know , have launched rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip that have killed civilians in Israeli towns and villages .
Even so , the violence , driven by impoverished northern youth , first targeted the region 's own idle and self-serving rich before degenerating into tit-for-tat attacks between northern Muslims and their Christian counterparts .
Indeed , The Economist drew attention recently to the region 's volatility , with militancy on the rise among the young and attacks on civilians and security forces increasingly common .
Yusuf has since become a martyr , and daily attacks on hotels , bars , churches , and schools are usually followed with admonitions to Nigerians to shun the Western way of life .
The increasing sophistication of the attacks on public buildings has led to speculation that the sect is linked to international terrorist networks , probably Al Qaeda in the Maghreb or Al Shabab in Somalia .
The far-reaching and unintended consequences for the world of the terrorist attacks of September 11th are , of course , a key cause here .
Other repercussions from those attacks remain as yet invisible .
This deviant logic has expanded Israel 's justifiable acts of self-defense -LRB- such as targeting rocket launchers in Gaza and Lebanon -RRB- into all-out attacks .
Although 53 % of US Muslims think that life is more difficult since the terrorist attacks of 2001 , most think that this is the fault of the government , not their neighbors .
Oriana Fallaci published a long rant along this line shortly after the attacks .
Sticking to half-measures exacerbates markets ' impatience and provokes increasingly determined speculative attacks , not only on the weaker peripheral countries , but also on core AAA-rated countries -- like France and , eventually , Germany itself -- whose banking sectors hold large volumes of peripheral countries ' debt .
As a result , fiscal consolidation becomes increasingly difficult to achieve , inviting renewed speculative attacks .
Third , as usual , Israel has accused of anti-Semitism those who have dared to criticize its disproportionate response to Hamas 's indefensible rocket attacks and its collective punishment of Palestinians .
By that standard , does my unqualified criticism of Hamas 's rocket attacks make me an Islamophobe ?
China 's clash with Google and US protests at cyber attacks on American targets remind the outside world , as well as America 's media and political elites , of the difference in values between the two countries .
Warmer winters in normally chilly areas may reduce cold-related heart attacks and respiratory ailments .
Thaksin initially dismissed the violent attacks as the work of bandits . Only late last year did he admit that southern Muslim separatism was the cause .
If the attacks widen beyond the three southernmost provinces of Yala , Pattani , and Narathiwat , Thaksin 's regional leadership chances will be dimmed .
Other catastrophic risks include natural epidemics -LRB- the 1918-1919 Spanish influenza killed between 20 million and 40 million people -RRB- , nuclear or biological attacks by terrorists , certain types of lab accidents , and abrupt global warming .
The first includes the perpetrators of the attacks on the United States in 2001 , the Bali bombing in 2002 , the Madrid train bombing in 2003 , and the London bombings in the summer of 2005 .
But how justified are these attacks , particularly the attacks on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the United Nations body that has set the gold standard for analyzing global climate change ?
We need no longer address the first - that he was behind the attacks of September 2001 on the US .
In May 1984 , after I authored a book about the consequences of military attacks on nuclear facilities , an Israeli intelligence officer came to California to question me about the vulnerability of the reactor and a proposed nuclear power plant .
Over the years `` avoiding ... the ultimate consequences '' through limitations butted against the bitter legacy of the surprise attacks suffered by both the US and Russia in World War II .
During the past decade -- particularly since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States -- Westerners have generally considered international terrorism to be the most urgent threat to human security .
At the same time , developing countries have continued to grapple with the persistence of mass poverty , endemic disease , malnutrition , environmental degradation , and gross income inequity , all of which have caused a degree of human suffering that far exceeds what has been caused by terrorist attacks .
Indeed , a fundamental lesson of terrorist attacks and insurgencies , we now know , is that no nation , however self-sufficient , can afford to remain heedless of whether others sink or swim .
Indeed , given extremist violence in Sri Lanka -LRB- Tamil Tigers -RRB- , West Bengal -LRB- Naxalites -RRB- , Bangladesh -LRB- Islamic fundamentalists -RRB- , Southern Thailand -LRB- Islamic separatists -RRB- , Java -LRB- Jemaah Islamiyah -RRB- , and Basilan -LRB- Abu Sayyaf -RRB- , the possibility that Al Qaeda and its satellites are plotting attacks elsewhere , especially against soft targets , poses a real danger to the region .
The months since the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington have been characterized by intense transatlantic debate .
They will thus be net security contributors rather than mere consumers , making our Alliance even stronger . Deepening Partnerships : The attacks of `` 9\/11 '' were masterminded by a Saudi who lived in Central Asia , planned by people from the Eastern and Southern shores of the Mediterranean living in Western Europe , and carried out in North America .
It was Henry Kissinger who argued after the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of 2001 that tragedy could be turned into opportunity .
A heightened security agenda since the attacks on the United States in September 2001 has included attempts to legitimize the use of `` extraordinary rendition '' -LRB- the movement between countries of prisoners and suspects without due process of law -RRB- and torture .
It referred only to `` the grave violations of human rights in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , particularly due to the recent Israeli military attacks , '' and called for a mission to investigate `` all violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law by the occupying power , Israel , against the Palestinian people . ''
Both the Palestinians and the Israelis are legitimately angered at the lives that they are forced to lead : For the Palestinians , the anger about individual events -- the civilian casualties , injuries and destruction in Gaza following from military attacks , the blockade , the continued construction of the Wall outside of the 1967 borders -- feed into an underlying anger about the continuing Israeli occupation , its daily humiliations and their as-yet-unfulfilled right to self-determination .
For the Israelis , the public statements of Palestinian armed groups celebrating rocket and mortar attacks on civilians strengthen a deep-rooted concern that negotiation will yield little and that their nation remains under existential threat from which only it can protect its people .
There are also the political and economic turmoil in Pakistan and the risk of a rise in cyber-attacks -- for example , in retaliation for criminal proceedings against WikiLeaks .
Guerrilla attacks on coalition soldiers show that no neat line separates `` before '' and `` after . ''
Indeed , the coincidence of the NATO bombing in 1999 with the indictment of Milosevic helped convert both events into `` attacks on the Serbian people . ''
Today , most Israelis believe that this step , though justified on strategic grounds in the face of constant attacks by the Lebanese group Hizbollah , convinced Palestinians that violence worked .
In the same manner , a withdrawal from Gaza , many people worry , will bring increased anarchy there and a rise in overall terrorist attacks .
Assuming that terrorist attacks against Israel are going to continue under any circumstances , he seeks to improve the country 's strategic position to handle this war .
Will it be able to put together an effective governmental authority to rule the Gaza Strip , or will that area dissolve into bloody battles among Palestinian factions and a staging area for attacks into Israel that will bring reprisal raids ?
Indeed , the only difference between Hamas and al-Qaeda -- though the two groups do not generally work together -- is that the latter emphasizes attacks on Western targets , while the former has until now focused on Israel .
Israel will feel free to retaliate for cross-border attacks and continuing rocket fire at civilian targets within the country .
No one believes that Palestinian leader Abu Mazin can or will do anything to stop such attacks .
They plan and design headline-grabbing attacks using every means of communications to intimidate and break the collective will of free people .
In the wake of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , President George W. Bush helped fashion and lead the largest coalition in history -- 80-plus nations -- to fight the global war on terror .
Elsewhere he attacks religion directly : `` The kinds of views of the universe which religious people have traditionally embraced have been puny , pathetic , and measly in comparison to the way the universe actually is .
While President George W. Bush believes that he has protected Americans by `` taking the war to the enemy , '' more than 1,700 Americans have died in the Iraq war , which also has provoked terrorist attacks on US allies .
The September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in the US provided the green light , not the underlying motivation .
Today 's financial crisis has its immediate roots in 2001 , amid the end of the Internet boom and the shock of the September 11 terrorist attacks .
The global public is disconcerted by these attacks .
The fact is that the critics -- who are few in number but aggressive in their attacks -- are deploying tactics that they have honed for more than 25 years .
What is amazing is that , although these attacks on science have been wrong for 30 years , they still sow doubts about established facts .
The latest round of attacks involves two episodes .
In France , Nicolas Sarkozy 's government has tried to regain popularity with the working class by deporting Roma migrants , a target of widespread hatred and ethnic attacks .
Part of the slowdown relates to the terrorist attacks of September 11th , but it is becoming clear that America 's economy , and other economies linked to the US through trade and production networks , were sliding into recession before September .
After the disastrous month of September , when terrorist attacks and retaliation contributed to storm clouds over the global economy , November demonstrated the resilience of globalization .
The terrorist attacks in America and the war against the Taliban have incited wide speculation about the relationship between culture and economic development .
The decline in cross-border flows intensified after the September 11 attacks last year .
Palestinian suicide bombings and Israeli attacks against Palestinian leaders came with such speed and ferocity that determining who was striking first and who was counterattacking became impossible .
Arab extremists launched attacks against Israelis civilians , in part to show moderates on both sides that compromise would not stick .
Palestinian Prime Minister Abu Mazen has called on Palestinian extremists to disarm , or at least to accept a prolonged cease-fire , but they have responded with more terrorist attacks .
Would it stick to its long-term mission in the face of inevitable attacks ?
But such a regime will never have legitimacy , and will be subject to assassinations , political upheaval , and terrorist attacks .
These responses to terrorist attacks resonate well with US public opinion .
After the terrorist attacks on the US of September 2001 , it wanted to withdraw troops from Saudi Arabia , and it presumably chose Iraq as its new long-term base of operation .
The attacks against the US occupation are destroying the Iraqi economy as well as lives .
This implies that if Iraq increased its oil exports by one million barrels a day -- which it could quickly achieve with a cessation of attacks on its infrastructure -- it would have around $ 10 billion per year in additional revenues to begin reconstruction .
Focusing on terrorism to the exclusion of other issues , and emphasizing the military response to it , will not bring prosperity and peace , or even a significant reduction in the number of attacks .
The Bush administration wanted to fight Saddam Hussein well before the terrorist attacks on the US of September 11 , 2001 , but it could not have gained public support .
We know from a long trail of documents , memoirs , and interviews that the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 were a pretext .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and subsequent pressure from Washington , led to a U-turn by Pakistan away from pro-jihadi policies .
This ongoing discussion of the various candidates ' merits and drawbacks recalls how airplanes protect themselves from missile attacks by launching a false target .
In Afghanistan , for example , national systems for friendly-force tracking , which are vital to preventing accidental attacks on one 's own forces or allies , are not compatible .
He has regularly defended the Palestinians ' rights to a state , but he also condemned Hamas 's rocket attacks on southern Israel .
Russian authorities tend to play down these attacks as the acts of rowdies -- even when the perpetrators are caught and can be prosecuted .
After all , these attacks generally do n't occur in some dark alleyway .
While there has been no lack of speeches calling for tolerance and condemning racist and anti-Semitic attacks , the situation barely changes .
The attacks therefore are directed in equal measure against people from the Asian former Soviet republics , Africa , and the Far East , as well as Russian citizens from the Caucasus or who belong to one of Russia 's more than 90 national minorities .
But the `` war on terror '' did not warrant the decision to attack a sovereign state and topple its government on the flawed presumption that it housed weapons of mass destruction and was linked to the 2001 attacks .
But the roadmap stipulates that additional measures are to be taken by Palestinian authorities , including arresting individuals planning or carrying out violent attacks and the `` dismantlement of terrorist capabilities and infrastructure , '' including confiscating illegal weapons from armed groups .
After the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in the US , many Americans drove to distant locations rather than fly , even though statistics showed that flying remained far safer .
Ever since the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the US military has gained an outsize voice in the formulation of US foreign policy .
Overnight , Warangal was converted to a cotton-growing district based on non-renewable hybrids that require irrigation and are prone to pest attacks .
Ten years later , it is clear that the fanatics behind those attacks miscalculated in two central respects .
Across Europe and in America , new arrangements have been set up to pool information about possible terrorist attacks and take the speedy -LRB- and sometimes robust -RRB- action needed to prevent or disrupt them .
The 9\/11 terrorists ' second blunder was to believe that their terrorist attacks would inspire irresistible surge in anti-Western Islamist extremism .
Yet , since 9\/11 , most victims of Islamist-inspired terrorist extremism -- often in the vile form of suicide attacks -- have been Muslims , in Iraq , Pakistan , and elsewhere .
In an essay he wrote for In Defense of Animals , a book I edited that appeared in 2006 , he wrote , `` No realistic level of guerilla attacks of the kind carried out by the Animal Liberation Front could have hurt the battery farming industry as much as the new Austrian law does . ''
In Iraq , too , American attacks have taken the lives of many civilians .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives .
Other moralists will say that the difference between destroying embryos for research purposes and killing civilians in military attacks is that the former is deliberate killing , whereas the latter deaths are `` collateral damage '' -- unintended , if foreseeable , side-effects of a justifiable act of war .
The horrendous terrorist attacks on America , seemingly perpetrated by the extreme ideology of religious jihad , has brought the two liberal democracies closer than ever before .
The EU 's maneuvers may stabilize Europe in the short run and help it to withstand better the current speculative attacks on some of the euro countries ' government bonds , but they risk long-term destabilization .
This new critique of capitalism recently culminated in a series of attacks by the leader of the Social Democratic Party , Franz Müntefering .
These attacks brought Müntefering vast public support and triggered a major debate .
The real conflict ignited by the terrorist attacks is not between Islam and an American-led , Judeo-Christian `` crusade . ''
After the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , President Bush embarked on a unilateral foreign policy .
Fundamentalist Islamic groups , indeed , raised the most consistent challenge to Megawati 's `` secular '' government even before the attacks on America .
Member states also need intelligence derived from ongoing casework , not to inform policy , at least not directly , but to disrupt and dismantle networks and prevent attacks .
From Kabul to Pristina , from Ramallah to Kinshasa , the EU is monitoring borders , overseeing peace agreements , training police forces , building up criminal justice systems and protecting shipping from pirate attacks .
Who would have guessed 10 years ago that the EU would one day lead a taskforce of 13 frigates in the Indian Ocean that would cut the success rate of pirate attacks by half ?
Indeed , since September 2001 , the war on terror has claimed more innocent victims than those terrorist attacks .
The war on terror is an aberration . America must defend itself against terrorist attacks , but that can not be allowed to become the overarching objective of its existence .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , required a strong response .
Bush convinced people that he is good for American security by playing on the fears generated by the 9\/11 attacks .
That plot , which could have claimed more victims than the 9\/11 attacks , was foiled by the vigilance of the British intelligence authorities . Clearly , it wo n't be the last .
Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri are still at large , and we need to focus on finding them if we are to prevent attacks like the one foiled in England .
The Bush administration 's response to the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 -- declaring a War on Terror and treating criticism as unpatriotic -- succeeded in gathering public support , yet the results were the exact opposite to what the Bush administration intended , both for itself and the United States .
NEW YORK -- The September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks by Al Qaeda were meant to harm the United States , and they did , but in ways that Osama bin Laden probably never imagined .
President George W. Bush 's response to the attacks compromised America 's basic principles , undermined its economy , and weakened its security .
The attack on Afghanistan that followed the 9\/11 attacks was understandable , but the subsequent invasion of Iraq was entirely unconnected to Al Qaeda -- as much as Bush tried to establish a link .
Al Qaeda , while not conquered , no longer appears to be the threat that loomed so large in the wake of the 9\/11 attacks .
Four years after the terrorist attacks of September 2001 , and with billions of dollars allegedly spent on `` preparedness '' for another emergency , America has shown the world that it was not prepared -- even for an event that came with ample warning .
In August 2001 , just before the terrorist attacks on America , the US government vetoed an OECD effort to limit secret bank accounts .
When a Chinese government security official recently accused followers of the Dalai Lama of organizing suicide attacks -- merely the most extreme of a barrage of allegations against the `` Dalai clique '' -- it was as though the Cultural Revolution were still raging .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and recent statements by CIA Director George Tenet that North Korea possesses missiles capable of reaching the US West Coast undoubtedly shocked Americans out of their complacency over North Korea 's nuclear status .
The Terror Next Door NEW DELHI -- The fallout from the terror attacks in Mumbai last week has already shaken India .
As evidence mounts that the attacks were planned and directed from Pakistani territory , calls for decisive action have intensified .
The interrogation of the one surviving terrorist , and evidence from satellite telephone intercepts and other intelligence , has led to an emerging international consensus that the attacks were masterminded by the Wahhabi-inspired Lashkar-e-Taiba , a terrorist group once patronized , protected and trained by Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence -LRB- ISI -RRB- as a useful instrument in their country 's proxy war against India in Kashmir .
Though banned by General Pervez Musharraf under duress after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the Lashkar -LRB- which considers the United States , Israel and India `` existential enemies of Islam '' -RRB- simply regrouped under a different name and is even more powerful than before .
For , as Israel demonstrates anew its determination to end attacks on its civilians by militants based in Hamas-controlled territory , many in India , still smarting from the horrors of the Mumbai attacks in November , have been asking : why ca n't we do the same ?
But the Mumbai attacks confirmed what has become apparent in recent years : the forces of global Islamist terror have added Indians to their target list of reviled `` Jews and crusaders . ''
Hamas is in no position to repay Israel 's air and ground attacks in kind , whereas an Indian attack on Pakistani territory , even one targeting terrorist bases and training camps , would invite swift retaliation from the Pakistani army .
And , at the end of the day , one chilling fact would prevent India from thinking that it could use Israel 's playbook : the country that condones , if not foments , the terror attacks on India is a nuclear power .
So India has gone to the international community with evidence to prove that the Mumbai attacks were planned in Pakistan and conducted by Pakistani citizens who maintained contact with handlers in Pakistan throughout the operation .
Obviously , the terrorist attacks of late November complicate this story .
The BJP has promised a more hawkish security posture than Congress in the wake of the Mumbai terrorist attacks , but when it was in power it conducted itself remarkably similarly to its rival , initiating a peace process with Pakistan .
India 's achievement is all the more striking given that the Pakistani terrorist attacks on Mumbai -- India 's financial nerve center and commercial capital -- in late November 2008 came in the midst of the crisis .
And , as the Mumbai terror attacks of November 2008 demonstrated , India today faces the threat of cross-border terrorism to which the Mahatma 's only answer -- a fast in protest -- would have left its perpetrators unmoved .
These attacks overlooked the fact that the directive makes employment conditions of workers from other EU-member states subject in most respects to host-country rules .
These health effects are serious . Diabetes already is the major cause of kidney failure , blindness , and lower-limb amputation in many countries , and a major cause of heart attacks and strokes .
With the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and the response of the Bush administration , the `` war against terrorism '' became relevant to Colombia .
For two thousand years , they had to defend themselves against attacks by expansionist Tamil kingdoms from the Indian mainland .
Sadly , the Tamils now living in the Jaffna districts in the northern and eastern parts of the island are probably descended from Tamils who were also victims of the same external attacks .
Now that the US has at last begun to move , gradually and thoughtfully , away from the passions that characterized the country 's response to the 2001 terrorist attacks , it is worth asking if Bill Clinton was right to say that America 's virtues and assets always prevail against its vices and defects .
Insurgent attacks have killed 11 Chinese workers since 2004 .
In turn , NATO and Afghan forces could assign troops to protect these projects from further attacks , ideally with some kind of Chinese and Russian financial assistance to blunt objections that Western soldiers are dying to enrich foreign companies .
More importantly , the Taliban in government would not necessarily support Islamic insurgencies in other countries or engage in distant terrorist attacks in Western countries , whereas al-Qaeda almost certainly would .
But it is hard to imagine the Taliban using force to prevent their al-Qaeda allies from reestablishing a military presence in Afghanistan and exploiting that presence to organize additional terrorist attacks in other countries .
For example , they greeted the inauguration of the June 2010 Peace Jirga with rocket attacks and suicide bombers .
The Pakistani Taliban has employed a variant of this strategy in the past , ostentatiously negotiating truces with the military in order to allow their forces to rest and regroup before resuming their attacks shortly thereafter .
But the Obama administration can not sign an agreement stating that it will deliberately constrain America 's ability to protect itself and its allies from foreign missile attacks .
In the years following the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , for example , legitimate security concerns led to enormous student-visa delays and bureaucratic hassles for foreigners aspiring to study in the US .
India 's democracy and burgeoning economy make it a major factor in the Asian balance of power , and the recent terrorist attacks in Mumbai underscore a shared struggle against violent Islamic extremism .
But then came the Balkans crises of the 1990s , culminating in the realization that only American military power could put a stop to Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic 's ethnic cleansing of Kosovo . And then came the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , making the `` out of area or out of business '' choice seem a no-brainer .
In the Muslim world , there is a widespread conspiracy theory that the Israelis were behind those attacks , and that all Jews who worked in the buildings stayed home that day .
That has not changed since the 9\/11 terrorist attacks , despite rising hostility toward US Muslims among native-born Americans , based the assumption that they could not assimilate -LRB- a charge often directed in the past at Jews in various countries -RRB- .
The main risk of violence created by the nature of the electricity system itself is the danger of serious power outages due to physical or cyber-attacks on the increasingly fragile transmission and distribution grid .
Regarding oil , which dominates transportation , the high concentration of deposits in the Middle East , especially those that can be most cheaply exploited , makes oil-importing countries hostage both to terrorist attacks on the oil infrastructure and to monopoly-determined prices .
While People 's Daily , the Chinese Communist Party 's official newspaper , consistently attacks that position , the Party itself has been rehabilitating Confucius , the central figure in Chinese traditional thought , going so far as to erect a statue of him in Tiananmen Square .
In the five years since the attacks , two audiences for the so-called `` war on terror '' have emerged .
After the ouster of the Taliban in Afghanistan , the US turned its sights on the secular dictatorship of Saddam Hussein 's Iraq . Instead of encouraging reform of the Saudi\/Wahhabi regime -- the system that spawned 15 of the 19 hijackers in the 9\/11 attacks -- the average Muslim saw America as waging war on a regime that had nothing to do with that crime .
But Bush , following the terrorist attacks of 2001 , turned his back on conservatism . He sought to radically reinvent the Middle East , not only by overthrowing the Taliban regime in Afghanistan and Saddam Hussein 's regime in Iraq , but also through his strident calls for democratization .
The frightening state in the region is the United States , which , following the terrorist attacks of September 2001 , was anxious to bring about democratic regime change -- a failed policy that now appears to have left the US unable to leave .
Like other dictators in their political death throes -- former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Libya 's Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi , for example -- Saleh has warned of the dangers the world would face if he is forced to depart : the Muslim Brotherhood , al-Qaeda attacks , Iranian regional hegemony , and the breakup of Yemen . Après moi le déluge seems to be the sole justification he can offer for his continued rule .
His desperation mounting , Saleh has ordered deadly attacks on protesters , evidently believing that his considerable skill at political manipulation would see him through .
The Saudis continued such programs after the terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and even after they discovered that `` the Call '' is uncontrollable , owing to the technologies of globalization .
Like the hijackers of 9\/11 , who were also Saudi\/Wahhabi ideological exports -LRB- 15 of the 19 men who carried out those terror attacks were chosen by Bin Laden because they shared the same Saudi descent and education as he -RRB- , Saudi Arabia 's reserve army of potential terrorists remains , because the Wahhabi factory of fanatical ideas remains intact .
That stance appears to have been contagious , because the United States , too , has done everything possible to change the subject whenever the Saudi role in the 9\/11 attacks is raised .
The worldwide attention and criticism that the 9\/11 attacks brought to Wahhabism put the Saudi royals on the defensive about the religious creed that had long legitimized their regime .
Ten years after the 9\/11 attacks , Al Qaeda has been marginalized , but not by Saudi Arabia , which nurtured the terrorists , or by the US , which waged wars against Bin Laden and his acolytes .
Second , a generous -LRB- and , with time , growing -RRB- quota should be set for Palestinian laborers to work in Israel -- indeed , they must be allowed to work in the very agricultural centers around Gaza which were the most affected by the rocket attacks .
On the contrary , because the settlements are located in the heart of the Palestinian population , they are convenient targets for terrorist attacks and require special defensive measures , including the deployment of large military forces engaged in patrolling and surveillance .
But , despite deep popular sympathy , not a few Israelis -- on both the left and the right -- opposed the exchange of one soldier for a thousand or more Palestinian prisoners , some of whom perpetrated terrorist attacks that killed dozens of people .
But many of the released prisoners will be transferred to the Gaza Strip , a territory that is completely separate from Israel , where they might join Hamas 's militant forces but will not be able to execute terrorist attacks against Israel .
Physical attacks against them are rare .
Within days after the 9\/11 terrorist attacks in 2001 , the US had erected new and enormous security measures at airports throughout the country .
