But can he translate this achievement into an extended ceasefire , peaceful elections , and consolidated PA rule in Gaza and the northern West Bank ? Failure to do so will lead to yet another defeat for the legitimate Palestinian aim of attaining a viable state .
No matter how energy independence is pursued , it will never amount to anything other than an unattainable -- and potentially dangerous -- fantasy .
Tens of millions of people have been added to the hundreds of millions already below the poverty line , reversing progress toward attaining the world 's Millennium Development Goals .
China 's government is already moving ahead on multiple fronts to attain this goal as was clear from announcements at this week 's National People 's Congress .
Rather , it is the prerequisite without which superior goals -- rapprochement with the United States , legitimization of Syria 's special status in Lebanon , and avoidance of a potentially devastating war with Israel if the Golan Heights are not recovered by peaceful means -- can not be attained .
The specter of a Middle East nuclear arms race , with Iran 's Sunni rivals in the region -- Saudi Arabia , Egypt and others -- redoubling their efforts to attain nuclear status , can not be ruled out .
Only the Dominican Republic , Peru , and Panama attained 6-7 % growth .
On March 24 , 2010 , what all observers of European affairs have long known will be written in stone : the EU failed to attain the targets for economic growth , efficiency , and modernization set ten years ago in Lisbon .
The EU as a whole has attained none of the 17 quantitative targets set in the Lisbon Strategy .
The `` peer pressure '' that should have been exerted in the open coordination method has been a powerful tool to exert `` peer protection '' in justifying delays in attaining the targets .
The only justification for such a long list is that every government could claim to have attained at least one target -- a trophy to exhibit at home .
The government of a country hit by a positive shock could attain a target even without having done anything to achieve it .
Rather than wasting time and public money to set up or maintain the Lisbon bureaucracy , the EU should closely monitor the attainment of those national and EU-wide targets that involve significant spillovers across jurisdictions .
The 2012 Kyoto targets are attainable .
Other targets could instead be set at the EU level , rewarding those countries that contribute the most to attaining them .
Reductions of other greenhouse gases , such as nitric oxide , are attainable through clever combustor design .
The best that can be done is to seek to control polio , and to hope that politics , economics , and ethics allow us to get that far . Those involved in efforts aimed at complete eradication should rethink their goal , lest faith in the unattainable leads to disaster .
Of those who enter primary school in developing countries , more than one in four drops out before attaining literacy .
-LRB- It has made an ambitious commitment in its 11th Five-Year Plan to a 20 % reduction in energy intensity and attain a 10 % increase in renewable energy by 2010 . -RRB-
At long last , Gordon Brown is taking over from Tony Blair as Britain 's Prime Minister , thus attaining his life-long ambition , as if by right .
A fourth type of explanation is that people with higher intelligence in childhood tend to attain better educational qualifications , work in more professional jobs , have higher incomes , and live in more affluent areas .
This often means accepting that optimal and best-practice economic policies are not attainable -- or , indeed , even desirable .
Often , optimal economic policies and best practices are not attainable -- or even desirable .
I understand that politics is the art of the possible , and that good-government technocracy is limited to the attainable .
The failure to sacrifice the subsidiary objective of keeping the private sector private meant that the Fed and the Treasury lost their opportunity to attain the principal objective of avoiding depression .
The stress tests conducted by the US Treasury last year suggested that the banking sector had re-attained sufficient capital .
Even so , with its cheaper labor force and faster technological growth , China has attained higher export competitiveness than Latin America , several of which it has displaced in key sectors , such as thread and dry goods manufacturing , electronics , and furniture , since 2000 .
Finally , they need to attain a rapid rate of productivity growth , which can be achieved only by ensuring a high-quality , broadly accessible educational system .
But this objective was also unattainable under President Mohammad Khatami , Ahmadinejad 's reform-minded predecessor .
Winning a Prize has never been an automatic process , a reward that comes for having attained a magical level of achievement .
Russia can then forget about attaining the fast , sustainable growth that China has achieved .
The return of governments based on the will of the majority of their citizens seemed for decades an unattainable dream in these countries , much as it remains a dream for the citizens of Burma under the rule of its military junta .
In the coming years , Brazil 's government also should strive for fiscal balance -LRB- last year the deficit was still 3 % of GDP -RRB- , and then to attain a surplus , as Chile has done for years now .
One of Monnet 's first actions was to declare that modernization could not be attained while the French worked such short hours ; a 45-hour working week was the minimum that was necessary .
Focusing on steps such as these would go a long way toward attaining the often-discussed goal of halving global carbon emissions by mid-century .
By 2000 , Estonia 's IT development in government services and sectors like banking had reached a level attained by only a few other countries in Europe .
A crime subculture is spreading in Russia , and it is attaining the status of official culture .
The tasks that faced Yeltsin when he attained power in 1991 were monumental .
The conventional wisdom will tell you that the MDGs targets -- reducing poverty and hunger , improving the health of mothers and children , combating HIV\/AIDS , increasing access to education , protecting the environment , and forging a global partnership for development -- are simply unattainable .
In any case , Hamas can not be blamed for using America 's push for democracy to attain popular goals .
Thus , Ben Ali has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors .
Such exclusionary group dynamics can be overcome only by attaining a critical mass of women in high-ranking positions .
Radicals use the inability to attain political objectives peacefully to inspire fanatical action and to justify forms of violence normally considered unacceptable .
Moreover , appeasement is based on the dangerous assumption that the extremists ' objectives are limited -- that once they attain their stated goals by using violence , they will become responsible members of the world community .
That 8 % target will be met , because in China directed objectives are always attained , and often exceeded .
Several currencies have attained some measure of regional convertibility , which should encourage monetary harmonization and promote intraregional trade , as countries ' trade flows shift from partners that require payment in foreign currency .
This means that the pro-Kremlin bloc probably attained the two-thirds majority needed to change the constitution , which would allow it to grant Putin a third four-year term , although Putin himself ruled this out last June .
The psychiatrist Arnold M. Ludwig , for example , argues that just as male monkeys , chimps , or apes automatically begin to assume more responsibility for their particular community once they attain the dominant status of alpha male , human rulers do so as well .
A `` liberal realist '' policy should look to the long-term evolution of world order and realize the responsibility of the international system 's strongest country to produce global public goods -- things people and governments around the world want but can not otherwise attain -- as Britain did in the nineteenth century .
Democracy remains a worthy and widespread goal , but it is important to distinguish the goal from the means used to attain it .
Democracy remains a worthy and widespread goal , which should be distinguished from the means chosen to attain it .
The model for this approach is Denmark 's attainment of legal opt-outs in defined areas .
Without the ECJ 's doctrines of `` direct effect '' and `` primacy , '' and without national courts that are willing to enforce these doctrines in their own jurisdictions , the EU most likely would not have attained the level of integration that it has .
We are told that NATO and the West can not build a nation there and that the goals that have been set for establishing democracy and prosperity are unattainable .
So , in the political sphere , reason has trumped both faith in an unattainable goal and self-delusion about the consequences of its pursuit .
Even before attaining EU membership , all candidate countries ' governments had to start adopting measures aimed at meeting the Maastricht criteria within several years , because the new members had committed themselves in their accession treaties to adopting the euro .
Despite all this pressure , the ruling coalitions in the Poland , the Czech Republic , and Hungary held together , as the historical mission of attaining EU membership worked like a lid on a pressure cooker .
We have set the goal of growing at an average of 6 % annually , in order to attain , by 2018 , the per capita GDP now enjoyed by European countries such as Portugal and the Czech Republic .
Secondly , these goals are attainable because the world has changed .
They are grand , noble , and ambitious goals , but fully attainable for today 's Chile , the Bicentennial Chile , a Chile now viewing the twenty-first century with more optimism and enthusiasm than ever before .
Certain of Schroeder 's predecessors as German chancellor sought to attain the same objective by rather different means .
More flexibility would help attain more balanced and sustainable growth .
These are their `` peers , '' and they readily provide laudatory letters of recommendation establishing that the applicant has attained `` national and international recognition . ''
It is difficult to see the US re-attaining full employment anytime soon .
As Reinhart and I demonstrated , it typically takes an economy more than four years just to reach the same per capita income level that it had attained at its pre-crisis peak .
Between these extremes , Venezuela 's people will watch events develop , unwilling to compromise their democracy or lose the economic privileges they have attained .
We know that it is not possible to attain global peace unless we establish sustainable peace in the Middle East , which requires resolving the Palestinian question .
The second attainable goal is to impose such a high price on Hezbollah as to be an effective deterrence in practice .
Rising educational attainment is helping to promote more technologically sophisticated exports as well .
Part of Bhutan 's GNH revolves , of course , around meeting basic needs -- improved health care , reduced maternal and child mortality , greater educational attainment , and better infrastructure , especially electricity , water , and sanitation .
South Korea is probably the leading success story , with superb educational attainment and strong employment of young people having taken it from developing-country to high-income status within one generation .
These include a tendency towards greater equality between men and women and their roles in society ; a culture that rewards educational attainment with high social status ; the secularization of many aspects of modern life , including the preeminence of modern science ; and cultural practices that favor social mobility in the choice of occupations .
But even if they could disarm the extremists , Palestinians are divided about how far they are willing to go to attain security for Israel .
The IMF 's world saving rate has maintained a fairly consistent downward trend since the early 1970 's , and , while it has picked up since 2002 , it is still well below the peak levels attained in the previous three decades .
Given that investment banks can only attain high rates of return in a world with volatile asset prices and short-term performance goals , companies pressure their managers to follow suit .
The discipline 's founders expected that , at some point in the future , mankind would attain a `` stationary state '' of zero growth .
If Europe and its companies are to remain competitive and attain the strategic objective of `` Europe 2020 '' -- a Europe that uses its resources efficiently -- the Mediterranean rail transport infrastructure is vital .
Our goal instead is to help others find their own voice , attain their own freedom and make their own way . ''
I agree with this goal , and have devoted the last fifteen years of my life and several billion dollars of my fortune to attaining it .
The EU was brought into existence by a process of piecemeal social engineering -- the method Popper considered appropriate to an open society -- directed by a far-sighted , purposeful elite who recognized that perfection is unattainable .
That fact casts doubt on Karl Popper 's concept of open society , which is based on the recognition that , while perfect knowledge is unattainable , we can gain a better understanding of reality by engaging in critical thinking .
While international cooperation on regulatory reform is difficult to achieve on a piecemeal basis , it may be attainable in a grand bargain that rearranges the entire financial order .
Markets , regulatory frameworks , and public-sector investments are means to attain shared goals .
Such sanctions should begin to be imposed when governments fail to meet minimum requirements for attaining medium-term objectives .
Most SSA countries attained national independence some time after the end of the Second World War , as the British , French , Belgian , and Portuguese empires unraveled -LRB- Germany had already lost its colonies after 1918 -RRB- .
In the US , real middle-class incomes have not yet recovered to the levels attained before the last recession in 1991 .
A failure in both would be disastrous -- even if the major emerging-market countries have attained self-sustaining growth .
In a nutshell , Keynes struggled against the notion that if only countries would cut their deficits , `` confidence '' would be restored , investment would return , and the economy would again attain full employment .
Full economic integration implies the equalization of unskilled wages everywhere in the world , and , though we are nowhere near attaining this `` goal , '' the downward pressure on those at the bottom is evident .
In 1989 , before the Tiananmen Square incident , the renminbi 's exchange rate was 45 % higher than it is now -- a level that could be re-attained relatively soon .
Like blacks in the US , Dalits account for about 15 % of the population ; they are found disproportionately in low-status , low-income jobs ; their levels of educational attainment are lower than the upper castes ; and they still face daily incidents of discrimination for no reason other than their identity at birth .
Only when a Dalit rules India can the country truly be said to have attained its own `` Obama moment . ''
And he set and attained personal standards of conviction and courage that few will ever match .
As a result , the explosive potential of caste division also has been channeled through the ballot box , with the lowest of the low attaining high office .
Cooperation and coordination of this kind and at this level were unattainable during earlier financial crises .
Policymakers ' conventional wisdom reflected , therefore , a belief that only interventions aimed at identifying and correcting the very specific imperfections blocking attainment of the nirvana of market equilibrium were legitimate .
Maybe better-educated workers do their jobs more efficiently , in which case we will surely find a clear relationship between educational attainment and economic growth .
