But can he translate this achievement into an extended ceasefire , peaceful elections , and consolidated PA rule in Gaza and the northern West Bank ? Failure to do so will lead to yet another defeat for the legitimate Palestinian aim of attaining a viable state .
Tens of millions of people have been added to the hundreds of millions already below the poverty line , reversing progress toward attaining the world 's Millennium Development Goals .
The `` peer pressure '' that should have been exerted in the open coordination method has been a powerful tool to exert `` peer protection '' in justifying delays in attaining the targets .
Other targets could instead be set at the EU level , rewarding those countries that contribute the most to attaining them .
Of those who enter primary school in developing countries , more than one in four drops out before attaining literacy .
At long last , Gordon Brown is taking over from Tony Blair as Britain 's Prime Minister , thus attaining his life-long ambition , as if by right .
Russia can then forget about attaining the fast , sustainable growth that China has achieved .
Focusing on steps such as these would go a long way toward attaining the often-discussed goal of halving global carbon emissions by mid-century .
A crime subculture is spreading in Russia , and it is attaining the status of official culture .
Such exclusionary group dynamics can be overcome only by attaining a critical mass of women in high-ranking positions .
Even before attaining EU membership , all candidate countries ' governments had to start adopting measures aimed at meeting the Maastricht criteria within several years , because the new members had committed themselves in their accession treaties to adopting the euro .
Despite all this pressure , the ruling coalitions in the Poland , the Czech Republic , and Hungary held together , as the historical mission of attaining EU membership worked like a lid on a pressure cooker .
It is difficult to see the US re-attaining full employment anytime soon .
I agree with this goal , and have devoted the last fifteen years of my life and several billion dollars of my fortune to attaining it .
Such sanctions should begin to be imposed when governments fail to meet minimum requirements for attaining medium-term objectives .
Full economic integration implies the equalization of unskilled wages everywhere in the world , and , though we are nowhere near attaining this `` goal , '' the downward pressure on those at the bottom is evident .
As a result , the explosive potential of caste division also has been channeled through the ballot box , with the lowest of the low attaining high office .
