Terrorists may also benefit by attacking a preoccupied army and political forces aligned with Musharraf .
Its supporters in Iraq might cripple Iraqi oil exports from Basra , which would damage US plans in Iraq while boosting Iran 's oil revenues , or limit the availability of fuel to the US Army by attacking roads and bridges , especially the Kuwait City-Baghdad highway .
The main liberal parties -- the Union of Rightist Forces and Yabloko -- are attacking him ferociously , while the faceless parties that supposedly support him are silent and confused .
On July 24 , Prime Minister Vladimir Putin initiated the first act by fiercely attacking , without evidence , the timid owner of the giant coal and steel company Mechel for price-gouging and tax evasion .
It has not shrunk from bombarding Abbas 's presidential compound , attacking Fatah 's command centers , and targeting Fatah military leaders like Rashid Abu Shbak , the commander of Fatah 's internal security and many others , all of them lieutenants of the supreme Fatah military authority in the Gaza strip , Mohamed Dahlan .
Ever since Laurent Fabius took a hit in the polls when he mocked her candidacy by asking , `` Who will mind the children ? '' , her opponents have feared appearing misogynous when attacking her , and when they do criticize her , she immediately assumes the pose of innocent victim , unfairly bashed by schoolboy bullies .
This also means that at some point a big decision may have to be made on attacking Iran 's nuclear facilities .
The records contained firsthand accounts of the anger felt by Americans at the ISI 's unwillingness to confront the insurgents , in particular those who were attacking US and NATO troops near the Pakistani border .
Middle Eastern dictators were showered with money and arms if they refrained from attacking Israel and kept the Islamists down .
Meanwhile , Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu , who is rather sensitive about foreigners meddling in domestic Israeli politics , has been openly and consistently courting congressional Republicans by attacking Obama .
Wilders , and others like him , are not just attacking Islamic extremists .
Nevertheless , China has refrained from attacking him , making clear that it wants him to return eventually .
Significantly , as the CIA closed in on bin Laden , the chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , Admiral Mike Mullen , for the first time publicly linked the Pakistani military with some of the militants attacking US forces in Afghanistan .
Instead , we should be attacking known environmental carcinogens -- not just tobacco , but also radiation , sunlight , benzene , solvents , and some drugs and hormones .
Similarly , UNITAID is attacking child mortality through UNICEF 's extensive program to eradicate mother-to-child HIV transmission .
Two distinct realms of self-defense exist within the law of war . One is the justification for going to war in the first place ; the second is the use of force in combat in the course of war , such as killing civilians who are attacking soldiers .
The monks are the preservers of dharma ; by attacking them , the generals attack Buddhism itself .
By attacking Iraq , the US could win the armed confrontation with Hussein , but probably lose the broader - and more vital - political struggle for the future of the country .
Without major reform of all security and military forces - reforms that provide incentives for individual officers to show initiative and take responsibility - Russia 's war on terror will remain one-sided : the terrorists will be doing all the attacking .
What makes US strategy reckless is that the Bush administration is attacking China at the very moment that America 's dependence on Chinese purchases of US government bonds is growing .
The judgment by America 's intelligence community that Iran has suspended its nuclear weapon development program -- and , more importantly , that its large-scale uranium enrichment capacity is likely years away -- postpones the day when a US president may have to decide between living with or attacking a nuclear Iran .
Instead , it could be expected to retaliate by attacking US forces in Afghanistan and Iraq , unleashing terrorist attacks throughout the region and the world , and interrupting the flow of tanker traffic through the Strait of Hormuz .
What is certain is that both options -- living with a nuclear Iran or attacking it -- involve serious risks and costs .
Obama may have to choose between attacking Iran 's nuclear installations and living with an Iran that has the capacity to build a nuclear weapon in a matter of weeks .
To avoid the perception of NATO or the US attacking another Muslim country , the backing of the Arab world is also needed .
Instead of dealing with these concrete threats to Japan , Hatoyama continues to act like an opposition politician by attacking the LDP and undermining one of the proudest achievements of LDP rule , the deep and trusting alliance with the US .
A major policy mistake and the same public officials now criticizing Sarkozy for attacking the ECB will be joining him .
Any ceasefire agreement requires both parties to refrain from attacking the other .
But attacking Israel unites Muslims , and gains Arab gratitude .
The Egyptians had an excellent war plan and fought well , and Syrian tanks advanced boldly , attacking in wave after wave for three days and nights .
Although their distribution is not very wide , they are shining in the darkness like daggers , letting their comrades know who is attacking the old , strong castles . ''
Yet these violent acts can be viewed as a political conflict in the sense that young people are directly challenging the state by attacking its representatives .
Though discovery of these efforts has come too late for many tobacco smokers , documents unearthed in lawsuits have revealed concerted efforts to avoid the imposition of government regulation by attacking public health science and scientists .
Rather than attacking Communist rule directly , we would create small islands of freedom , inter-connected social circles and associations , which , when the moment came , could all be connected in order to change the system .
Easy applause can no longer be had by attacking big business or the IMF .
Before attacking the allegedly foreign BP , American politicians might also pause for a moment to reflect on the intimate links between politics and the oil industry in the United States .
It is disastrous because it courts defeat by attacking superior forces : the 1967 Six Day War , Saddam Hussein 's challenge to the United States and his attack on Iran , Yasir Arafat 's fighting an endless battle in which he was always defeated , and so on .
His network was dispersed throughout the world and had been attacking American interests for years .
The US then backed Saddam Hussein in his attack on Iran , until the US ended up attacking Saddam himself .
Palestinian suicide bombings and Israeli attacks against Palestinian leaders came with such speed and ferocity that determining who was striking first and who was counterattacking became impossible .
Fear leads one group to coalesce in order to protect itself , perhaps by attacking a competing group .
Instead , defenders of the contemporary equivalent of `` rollback '' advocate attacking Iran because it is developing nuclear weapons .
Especially when it comes to diseases in developing countries , it would make sense for some of the prize money to come from foreign assistance budgets , as few contributions could do more to improve the quality of life , and even productivity , than attacking the debilitating diseases that are so prevalent in many developing countries .
With the sole exception of Zimbabwe , no leading politician in any post-imperial country has made a notable speech in recent years attacking colonialism .
President George W. Bush has demonstrated one way not to do it : his invasion and occupation of Iraq show that directly attacking Muslim states only fuels fanaticism .
Just as in war , cruelly raping women is symbolic : it creates cohesion within armed groups , reaffirms `` masculinity , '' and is a form of attacking `` the enemy 's morale . ''
It also could be amended , or the states `` attacking '' the asteroid could withdraw from the agreement by giving one year 's notice .
Unfortunately , it is estimated that `` attacking '' an asteroid would cost billions of dollars , especially since multiple space launches would likely be needed to ensure that the required number of probes could complete the mission .
The idea was that Russia would protect NATO from attacking missiles traveling over its territory , with the expectation that the alliance would then forego developing defenses capable of engaging missiles over Russia .
Ever since , Republican governments in the US have slashed funding for ballet , poetry in schools , and sculpture , while demagogues like former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani have gained political traction by attacking controversial visual arts .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al-Sadr 's Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005 .
Of course , should the US see failure ahead , it could seek to broaden the war beyond Iraq 's borders by attacking Iran , a policy reminiscent of `` Operation Sideshow , '' when US failure in Vietnam in the late 1960 's enticed President Nixon into attacking Cambodia and Laos .
