The September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on America brought Musharraf into the international limelight as he agreed to ditch the Taliban and support the United States-led war on terror .
Rather than taking responsibility for the deteriorating security situation -LRB- as evidenced by regular suicide bomb attacks -RRB- and the increasing Talibanization of the tribal areas , Musharraf has tried to blame the judiciary and media .
Terrorists may also benefit by attacking a preoccupied army and political forces aligned with Musharraf .
One can understand why religious extremists like Al-Qaeda and Taliban would target her , and the government claims that it is impossible to defend against a suicide attack .
Already , in Gilani 's hometown of Multan , rioters attacked government offices and banks to protest electricity disruptions .
Meanwhile , President George W. Bush has said that `` if another September 11-style attack is being planned , it probably is being plotted in Pakistan and not Afghanistan . ''
Allying himself with the Bush administration has increased his unpopularity , especially following missile attacks by the United States in Pakistan 's tribal areas .
An increase in deadly attacks on army convoys in the Pakistan-Afghanistan tribal areas has also pushed the army away from Musharraf .
The attackers did not hide their faces or blow themselves up with suicide jackets .
Unless this cause is fully understood , and its roots revealed across the region , this attack may prove to be the beginning of the unmaking of South Asia .
According to Indian investigators , this group is implicated in the Mumbai attacks .
Though the group was banned by former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf after the terrorist attacks on the United States of September 11 , 2001 , some of its operators went underground and others joined Jamaat-ud-Dawa -LRB- JuD , Party of Proselytizing -RRB- -- an organization that runs religious educational centers and charities .
Indeed , even as the Pakistani Army launched operation Rah-e-Nijat -LRB- Path to Salvation -RRB- in October , a dozen devastating terrorist attacks in Pakistan 's major cities demonstrated the reach of the South Waziristan militants .
The October 11 attack on Army Headquarters in Rawalpindi was the most daring of all -- and sent shudders across the military command , because the terrorists knew the layout of the military and security buildings .
Rumsfeld 's charge -- vehemently denied by Syria -- now tops a long list of unresolved issues in Syria 's relations with the US : Syria 's open-ended military intervention in Lebanon and continued support of Hezbollah there ; its supposed involvement in the 1982 suicide attack in Beirut that killed 241 US Marines ; its continued support of various `` outlawed '' Palestinian groups ; and its allegedly growing stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons .
Since the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington on September 11 , 2001 , security cooperation between the two countries seems to have intensified .
The Syrian intelligence apparatus has provided much valuable information on the activities of Muhammad Atta and others suspected of involvement in those attacks , as well as information about other al-Qaeda activities .
There are even indications of some Syrian intelligence-sharing with the Americans regarding Iraqi military readiness in the weeks preceding the attacks .
Or , in the words of Abba Eban , it may be yet another opportunity to miss an opportunity . How the Palestinians respond depends largely on how the Palestinian body politic deals with the growing power of Palestinian Islamic movements , which undoubtedly expect a significant share of power in post-withdrawal Gaza . Will armed groups resume their fight against Israel , or will the Palestinian Authority act to defuse or combat the attacks ?
If Hamas can establish order inside Gaza , prevent violence against Israel , and stop missile attacks against Israeli towns and villages , it might avoid Israeli military intervention .
But the dominant view in Israel is that Hamas is a direct threat , unwilling to stop attacks on Israel .
The Warriors of God is one of a handful of radical , al-Qaeda-inspired groups to have appeared in the Gaza Strip in recent months , first coming to public attention in June after claiming responsibility for a failed horseback attack on Israel from Gaza .
At the same time , violence against `` law-breakers '' is on the rise . Internet cafes have been bombed , institutions with Christian affiliations burned down , foreign schools attacked , and wedding parties assaulted .
Salafis have threatened to retaliate against Hamas , particularly the security brigades that led the counter-attack on the mosque .
Not surprisingly , the European right is beginning to use immigration as a tool to attack the welfare state .
In his recent vitriolic attacks on the IMF Stiglitz implied that he cares for the poor while the IMF does not .
We must not be silent about the daily attacks in France against Jews and synagogues .
Although anti-Semitism never changes its goal - to attack Jews - it does change its face , its strategy , its rationalizations , even its vocabulary .
Compared to previous anti-Jewish outbreaks , today 's anti-Semitism is less an attack on individual Jews than an attack on the `` collective Jew , '' the state of Israel .
Such attacks , however , have started a chain reaction of assaults across Europe and Latin America on individual Jews and Jewish institutions .
In July 1995 , Serb forces attacked . The UN did not honor its pledge .
The United States naturally does not export such arms to China . Instead , the US is trying to deter China 's rulers from launching a military attack on the democrats in Taiwan .
Unless America accommodates North Korea 's demands for concluding a nonaggression treaty and ending `` hostile '' policies , Kim 's regime is likely to keep its nuclear weapons program as its most effective deterrent against any preemptive US attack -- something that the Bush administration , indeed , refuses to rule out .
The attacks were an operation that must have required months of planning : serious weapons were deployed , a small army was mobilized , targets were studied , transport was organized , and weak points identified .
A plan of attack that involved hundreds of people was put in motion , and yet the massive infrastructure of India 's government discovered nothing .
Indeed , the attacks represent more than a failure of police work . They represent a collapse of governance ; these are the wages of the sins of administrative incompetence and political malfeasance .
Indeed , India stands only behind Iraq in the number of people killed each year in terrorist attacks .
Yet the pogrom at the Sakharov museum provoked a chain reaction of similar attacks on contemporary art by Orthodox fundamentalists whom the church has been unable to control .
Violent attacks have caused a huge exodus , jeopardizing the existence of Christians , Yazidis , and Mandeans , who have lived in Iraq for hundreds of years .
The bombing of a pipeline or other oil facility somewhere in Iraq remains almost a daily occurrence , and the transfer of power has not reduced these attacks so far .
The biggest threats to the world 's energy security are not terrorist attacks or embargoes by oil-producing countries -- short-term events that can be dealt with quickly and effectively through various measures , including reliance on strategic petroleum reserves , increases in production , and diversion of oil shipments .
However , domestic pressure , a sense of nationalism , and the need to improve its bargaining position with Western countries might force the Iranian government to respond to harsh UN sanctions or an air attack on its nuclear facilities .
Iran 's government has more effective options to respond to attacks from the US and its allies .
Its supporters in Iraq might cripple Iraqi oil exports from Basra , which would damage US plans in Iraq while boosting Iran 's oil revenues , or limit the availability of fuel to the US Army by attacking roads and bridges , especially the Kuwait City-Baghdad highway .
The single currency was conceived as an answer to the upheavals of the postwar period -- double-digit inflation , high unemployment , and speculative attacks on the pound , the lira , and the French franc .
First , the euro has eliminated the possibility of exchange-rate turbulence and speculative currency attacks that more vulnerable economies could have expected in the current turmoil .
LONDON -- `` I am a glory that will not be abandoned by Libya , the Arabs , the United States , and Latin America ... revolution , revolution , let the attack begin , '' said the self-described King of African Kings , Dean of Arab Leaders , and Imam of all Muslims , Colonel Muammar al-Qaddafi .
Moreover , when Ahmed Qaddaf al-Dam and Said Rashwan , two leading figures in the regime , visited Egypt and attempted to recruit tribes with Libyan branches to attack the Qaddafi-free East from Egypt 's western desert , they came away with nothing .
The case of Shoko Asahara , the founder of Aum Shinrikyo -LRB- the Japanese group that organized the Sarin gas attack on Tokyo 's subway in 1995 -RRB- , comes to mind here .
The main liberal parties -- the Union of Rightist Forces and Yabloko -- are attacking him ferociously , while the faceless parties that supposedly support him are silent and confused .
On July 24 , Prime Minister Vladimir Putin initiated the first act by fiercely attacking , without evidence , the timid owner of the giant coal and steel company Mechel for price-gouging and tax evasion .
Then , on August 8 , Putin launched the second act of this Russian tragedy , his long-planned attack on Georgia .
Shockingly , Russia argued that it had the right to attack a country that harbored people to whom it had just issued passports , scaring all countries with Russian minorities .
Within a week of its attack on Georgia , Russia recorded a capital outflow of $ 16 billion , which has since increased to $ 30 billion .
So , when Chinese and Russians officials attack democracy as such , old questions about democracy 's efficacy and stability are raised anew .
The international community 's goal must be to persuade neighboring countries to halt their brazen , unwarranted attacks on parts of Syrian society .
In particular , the US , which has significant influence in Saudi Arabia , must act to stop attacks by that country 's extremists on Syria 's religious minorities - attacks motivated merely by a desire to provoke sectarian conflict .
The perceived weakness of the US after the embassy bombings in East Africa and the attack on the destroyer the USS Cole no doubt contributed to the audacity of the attacks of September 11
Why should the one region - and people - who run an orderly government , are not involved in murder , attacks on mosques , and suicide bombing of schoolchildren , be penalized ?
On the contrary , the text legitimizes continuing attacks against Israeli civilians in the West Bank , making it unacceptable to Israel -- and to the international community .
The second failure occurred during the Arab Revolt against British rule in Palestine in 1936-1939 , which was accompanied by massive terror attacks against Jewish civilians .
In the north of the country , a Syrian-based militia , under Fawzi al-Kaukji , attacked Jewish villages .
Indeed , Lech Wa??sa and W?adys?aw Bartoszewski , the Polish Mandela , were ruthlessly attacked .
Apart from noise problems , research animals are often housed in small cages with no source of enrichment , such as wheels , shelves , or tubes . Such devices enable animals to exert some control over their environment , such as escaping an attack from a cage-mate by moving to another level in the cage or hiding .
Instead , they have insisted that nuclear weapons are essential for their security and continued to modernize their nuclear arsenals . This naturally robs them of the moral authority to persuade others not to acquire nuclear weapons , which continue to be perceived as a source of power and influence , and an insurance policy against attack .
Indeed , Bahraini security forces have been ruthless in their attacks against demonstrators , killing six .
Instead , Mubarak 's relationship with the Saudis usually determined his foreign policy . When Iraq invaded Kuwait in 1990 and threatened to attack Saudi Arabia , Mubarak quickly dispatched troops to defend the kingdom . He was keen to support the Saudis and their Persian Gulf allies , who provided him with a steady flow of aid and an outlet for surplus Egyptian labor .
The Internet is where some young Muslims succumb to the alluring narrative of Islam constructed by those behind the terror attacks of our age .
In one case , there were even attacks on Chinese migrants , leading to 18 deaths .
He was almost certainly referring to life during the Maoist years rather than the present , but his remarks enabled China to issue more media attacks and raise the political temperature further .
But two recent events in Tibet , involving the trials of two leading Tibetans who had not attacked or criticized the state at all , do not follow this logic .
Many of our countries are targets of terrorism , which , eight years on from the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , we must recognize is down , but by no means out .
Paracetamol also remains the preferred drug to relieve pain or fever in children or adults with asthma , because aspirin or other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs may provoke attacks of asthma in susceptible people with this condition .
Conspicuously , it is no longer the British , but France 's government under President Nicolas Sarkozy , that is carrying the torch of a possible attack on Iran 's nuclear installations .
By contrast , the March 11 , 2004 , terrorist attack on Spain , which left 200 dead , triggered an `` anti-crusade '' that seeks to disarm extremism by building bridges of understanding and reconciliation with Islam .
The Iranians now see themselves as immune from an American attack on their nuclear installations , for America 's troubles in Iraq and the growing opposition to the war in the US are a signal to them that America 's strategy of pre-emptive wars has failed .
And Iran , in its drive to protect its nuclear program from an Israeli-American attack , might be very active in supporting this ominous scenario .
The consequences of an Israeli attack on Iran `` would be extremely stressful for us , '' warned Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Michael Mullen .
Not only did Russian intelligence fail to catch the coming Georgian attack on South Ossetia , but Russia 's electronic warfare system and ill-equipped ground troops looked like outdated Soviet-era relics .
Russia continues to place hurdles before American proposals for sanctions on Iran , has signed with it lavish energy contracts , and is about to sell it advanced aerial systems aimed at thwarting a possible Israeli or American attack .
The Iranians remember how the international community remained indifferent when Saddam Hussein attacked with chemical weapons in the 1980 's .
Its new doctrine of `` brutal response '' when attacked from lands from which it has withdrawn -- as happened in Lebanon and Gaza -- might be reprehensible , and it may even doom the country to international opprobrium .
Not even George W. Bush seemed to be committed to any particular doctrine in foreign affairs before the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , drove him to unleash his ill-conceived `` global war on terror . ''
After all , the current strategy has not really worked either as a deterrent against conventional attacks -LRB- which persisted throughout the years that Israel supposedly developed its nuclear arsenal -RRB- or as a warning to rivals -LRB- such as Iran -RRB- against developing a nuclear weapon .
The Alliance would not be happy to apply Article 5 of the NATO charter , which would oblige its members to fight for Israel if it were attacked by any of its many potential enemies in an endemically dangerous region .
Two landmarks define these changes : the end of the Cold War , which rendered NATO 's defensive strategy against the Soviet Union obsolete , and the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the US , which changed the profile of the enemy and the nature of the battlefield .
The Istanbul Cooperation Initiative of 2004 , triggered by the trauma of the 9\/11 attacks , holds far greater potential , for it transforms NATO 's relations with friendly states in the Middle East from dialogue to partnership -- a level comparable to the Partnership for Peace program used to promote Central and Eastern European countries to full membership .
The prospect of a Middle East conflagration has prompted an airlift of senior American officials to Israel to warn of the devastating consequences that an Israeli attack on Iran might have .
Israel will most likely listen to America 's advice and consider a preemptive attack on Iran only after all diplomatic means have been exhausted , and after whatever sanctions are agreed upon fail to cut short Iran 's march toward possessing the bomb .
This would seem to be particularly true when it comes to an attack on Iran 's nuclear installations .
What Israel planned as a preemptive attack on Iran might then be presented as an act of self-defense .
Iran 's response to the mounting international pressure might be , he said , to launch an attack on Israel through its proxies , Hezbollah and Hamas .
Such attacks might trigger a wider regional conflagration .
President Shimon Peres , who , unlike Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu , is skeptical of the utility of an attack on Iran 's nuclear installations , spoke of the `` threat of extermination '' facing Israel .
Netanyahu 's Holocaust analogy would have been a mere intellectual curiosity if he were not the person who would be responsible for taking the decision about whether to attack Iran 's nuclear installations and thus drive the Middle East into an apocalyptic confrontation .
MADRID -- The attack by a Western-led alliance on Muammar Gaddafi 's forces in Libya is driven largely by principled motives .
It has not shrunk from bombarding Abbas 's presidential compound , attacking Fatah 's command centers , and targeting Fatah military leaders like Rashid Abu Shbak , the commander of Fatah 's internal security and many others , all of them lieutenants of the supreme Fatah military authority in the Gaza strip , Mohamed Dahlan .
The rocket attacks against Israeli territory are a transparent attempt to divert attention and rally the masses around Hamas as the true champions of the Palestinian cause .
The Iranians also sought the meeting to forge an alliance against a possible US attack on their country 's nuclear installations .
A military attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities is too dangerous , and its results uncertain .
After their attackers left , the two lawyers made repeated calls to the police to report the incident , but police did nothing beyond take the call .
Removing constraints on lawyers and ensuring that they are not attacked with impunity would be a good place to start .
A majority of Kennedy 's advisors -- civil and military -- wanted to attack Cuba .
They wanted to attack Cuba while the missiles were , as they believed , at sea and on their way to Cuba .
McNamara believes an invasion would `` certainly '' have triggered a Soviet nuclear attack against the US .
In the first weeks after the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon governments all over Europe were certain of public support .
Americans are both shocked and angered by the attack on their cherished invulnerability and are determined to pursue the perpetrators with every means at their disposal .
From the start , he declared that the attacks on New York were directly aimed at his country .
They knew that confusion on the part of the defender offers the best chance for successful attack .
In the `` war on terror , '' it is now the attacker who is confused .
Many of his close advisers , however , seem intent to nudge him into war , and bellicose rhetoric has so pervaded official US statements that failure to attack Iraq could be construed as a failure of presidential leadership .
True , their security from military attack is currently no longer at stake .
While even a major air attack would fall short of destroying all of Iran 's nuclear installations and , moreover , leave the technical know-how intact , it might at least slow down the program for a while and serve as a warning to other potential proliferators .
After a military attack by the United States , both promises would be history .
All the details of the attack were provided in advance by the US , now Poland 's NATO ally .
A successful attack or accident at the Indian Point power plant near New York City , apparently part of Al Qaeda 's original plan for September 11 , 2001 , would have resulted in 43,700 immediate fatalities and 518,000 cancer deaths , with cleanup costs reaching $ 2 trillion .
Ever since Laurent Fabius took a hit in the polls when he mocked her candidacy by asking , `` Who will mind the children ? '' , her opponents have feared appearing misogynous when attacking her , and when they do criticize her , she immediately assumes the pose of innocent victim , unfairly bashed by schoolboy bullies .
Mike McConnell , America 's Director of National Intelligence , recently admitted to a US Senate panel that al-Qaeda is gaining strength and steadily improving its ability to recruit , train , and even attack the US .
But his vision of a North American Free Trade Association -LRB- NAFTA -RRB- encompassing elements of social and political fusion with his North American counterparts was sidetracked by the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and by his political rivals ' recent successes at the polls .
The murder of filmmaker Theo van Gogh and the ensuing arson attacks against mosques , churches , and Islamic schools have caused more soul-searching in Dutch homes in the last week than in the past two decades .
Shia have an interest in supporting the central government because they believe that their demographic weight -LRB- 60 % of Iraq 's population -RRB- means that representative democracy will guarantee them the right to rule and protect them from Sunni demands and attacks .
Attacks on pipelines have recently intensified ahead of a planned summit meeting between the government and various militia leaders , as small groups of militants stage attacks on oil infrastructure in the Delta to establish their relevance and win a potentially lucrative seat at the negotiating table .
For foreign investors , the greatest near-term concern may be a broad range of attacks from parliament and some of Yar ` Adua 's economic advisors on Charles Soludo , the central bank governor , who is widely credited for Nigeria 's improved economic performance in the past several years .
In October 2004 , violence in the region forced Obasanjo 's government to negotiate with militia leader Asari Dokubu , after his men attacked a series of Royal Dutch Shell oil facilities and threatened to `` burn down the area . ''
Dokubu 's allies have responded with new attacks .
A splinter group , the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , has claimed credit for several recent attacks and kidnappings of foreign workers , and says it will not retreat until Delta states gain control of the revenue produced by locally extracted oil .
A few weeks ago , a previously unknown organization called `` The Martyr 's Brigade '' claimed credit for attacks on Delta pipelines , raising concerns among multinationals that mercenary resistance in the region is becoming ideological .
Whatever the motivations of the various groups , a surge of militia attacks and kidnappings over the past several weeks has now shut down roughly 20 % of Nigeria 's oil exports and killed dozens of people .
Angry Muslim and Christian mobs burned churches and mosques , killing dozens of people in a series of attacks and reprisals that have deepened the sectional divide between the Muslim north and the Christian south .
But attacks in Iraq 's `` Sunni triangle '' -LRB- and Baghdad in particular -RRB- occur at a rate rivaling those in Chechnya and the Niger Delta .
Since Sunni militants destroyed the Shiite Askariya mosque in February , hundreds of Iraqis have been killed in a series of tit-for-tat sectarian attacks .
His government has rejected international calls to halt uranium enrichment , ignored UN-imposed deadlines , armed Iraqi militias , supplied Hezbollah with weapons for attacks on Israel , denied the Holocaust , and staged military exercises near the Strait of Hormuz , through which 40 % of the world 's sea-traded oil passes .
First , it sidelines Maliki , which means that he will be less damaged politically than if he were directly identified with US attacks on Iraqi Shi'a .
Nothing could be worse for Maliki than explicit authorization for attacks on Shi'a militias , and the near-term survival of his government is crucial if any progress is to be made on the political challenges facing all of Iraq 's factions .
The threat of terrorist attacks inside the country will continue to rise .
Sharif would fulminate against her every misstep , threats of attack from religious radicals would continue , and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage .
Why Turkey 's Army Will Stay Home Just when the smoke from Turkey 's domestic political conflicts of the past year had begun to clear , another deadly attack by Kurdish separatists on Turkish soldiers has the government threatening military attacks inside northern Iraq .
Third , Turkey is well aware that an all-out attack inside Iraq is exactly what Turkey 's Kurdish separatists want .
An attack would certainly make Iraq 's Kurdish provinces less appealing for foreign investors .
But Turkey has no reason to attack the assets of foreign oil companies .
If the PKK is able to launch a major attack on troops or civilians inside Turkey , the public outcry might leave Erdogan with little choice but to up the ante .
Ironically , the judge 's visit comes as Belgium 's anti-atrocity law is under legal and political attack .
This also means that at some point a big decision may have to be made on attacking Iran 's nuclear facilities .
· To maintain deterrence and defend Israel and its citizens from cross-border attacks ;
· Security cooperation with the PA to prevent terrorist attacks on Israel , in exchange for economic aid and assistance to prevent a Hamas takeover ;
· To strike back at Hamas -- and potentially Hezbollah -- based on any attacks against Israel , with the precise response to depend on timing , opportunity , and these groups ' behavior ;
Although no currency is as of yet qualified to replace the dollar as the world 's reserve and transaction currency , this `` exorbitant privilege , '' as Charles de Gaulle put it , has come under stealthy attack .
Consider the Internet , a network of connected nodes invented in the 1960 's , at the height of the Cold War , to preserve the United States from total chaos after a nuclear attack on its nerve centers .
While the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 -- the deadliest of all time -- had nothing `` virtual '' about them , their perpetrator , al-Qaeda , projects a cloud of threat and power by using cyberspace to promote its bloody `` successes , '' spread hatred , and recruit jihadists .
The government uses the threat of terrorist attacks to justify domestic repression of political opponents and the absence of democratic reforms .
After the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the US wanted Pakistan to help end Taliban rule in Afghanistan .
In November 2008 , after a group of terrorists attacked Mumbai , India 's financial center , India accused Pakistan of involvement in the attack and suspended all dealings with its neighbor .
The Indians agreed to resume the suspended dialogue with Pakistan , despite the failure fully to resolve the Mumbai attacks legally , as well as Pakistan 's inability or unwillingness to move against the two domestically-based terrorist groups that India had accused of having masterminded those and several other attacks on its territory .
The records contained firsthand accounts of the anger felt by Americans at the ISI 's unwillingness to confront the insurgents , in particular those who were attacking US and NATO troops near the Pakistani border .
Indeed , terrorist attacks directed or inspired by Bin Laden have killed thousands of people in a number of large Pakistani cities .
Some of these attacks targeted military installations , including the military 's headquarters in Rawalpindi , not far from Abbottabad .
Later , on a visit to Afghanistan , Mullen expressed frustration with the ISI , and it is now clear that he already knew when he met the Pakistanis that an attack on Bin Laden 's compound was imminent .
Pakistan let the US use its air bases to launch drone attacks on Taliban fighters in Afghanistan and northwestern Pakistan ; allowed its territory to be used as a supply route for NATO forces in landlocked Afghanistan ; and , less enthusiastically than the US wished , launched military operations against Taliban sanctuaries on the Pakistani side of the porous border with Afghanistan .
Moreover , fierce attacks on Muslims started to come from people who , raised in deeply religious families , had turned into radical leftists in the 1960 's and 1970 's .
Most presidents hope to attach some special meaning to their time in office . The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , gave neo-con intellectuals the chance to lend their brand of revolutionary idealism to the Bush\/Cheney enterprise .
The combustible mix of autocratic ambition and misguided idealism took hold soon after the terrorist attacks in September 2001 .
But , instead of wishing to attack them , the Japanese , being a practical people , decided that they would be better off cultivating those clever , powerful Jews as friends .
Banning them only allows them to pose as martyrs to free speech . And that not only makes it harder to attack their views , but also gives free speech a bad name .
One prominent commentator , Max Boot , took `` some small degree of satisfaction from the outcome of Iran 's elections , '' because Obama would now find it harder to stand in the way of an Israeli attack on Iran 's nuclear installations .
Contrary to what the Nobel Prize-winning author José Saramago once said , the Israeli army 's attacks in Gaza are not comparable in any way to Auschwitz .
Serious fighting only broke out after supporters of Mubarak began to attack the crowds .
Middle Eastern dictators were showered with money and arms if they refrained from attacking Israel and kept the Islamists down .
President George W. Bush and his cheerleaders , invoking the Munich Agreement at every opportunity , regarded the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , as a call to arms .
NEW YORK -- Many people still believe that the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , were not just acts of political terrorism , but part of a cultural war , a clash of civilizations .
Meanwhile , Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu , who is rather sensitive about foreigners meddling in domestic Israeli politics , has been openly and consistently courting congressional Republicans by attacking Obama .
Wilders , and others like him , are not just attacking Islamic extremists .
The Ordeal of Pius XII ROME -- Once again , the reputation of Pope Pius XII is under scrutiny and attack .
In the 1920 's and 1930 's , Germany 's traditional Christian values and culture had collapsed under the attack of two atheist ideologies : communism and Nazism .
And a condemnation of Nazism could have been misinterpreted as an attack not against Nazism , but against Germany in its life-and-death struggle with Stalin 's Communist regime .
While the United Nations Security Council debates how to reprimand North Korea for the attack on the Cheonan , few people in South Korea believe that any punishment will deter Kim or shorten the life of his regime .
They offered to exchange the soldier for the release of 95 women and 313 children who are among almost 10,000 Arabs in Israeli prisons , but this time Israel rejected a swap and attacked Gaza in an attempt to free the soldier and stop rocket fire into Israel .
It is inarguable that Israel has a right to defend itself against attacks on its citizens , but it is inhumane and counterproductive to punish civilian populations in the illogical hope that somehow they will blame Hamas and Hezbollah for provoking the devastating response .
Israel belatedly announced , but did not carry out , a two-day cessation in bombing Lebanon , responding to the global condemnation of an air attack on the Lebanese village of Qana , where 57 civilians were killed and where 106 died from the same cause 10 years ago .
The urgent need in Lebanon is that Israeli attacks stop , that Lebanon 's regular military forces control the southern region of the country , that Hezbollah cease as a separate fighting force , and future attacks against Israel be prevented .
I condemned these attacks as abominable and an act of terrorism , since most of the thirteen victims during the past seven years have been non-combatants .
Underlying this argument is the idea that the attack was an explicitly religious act carried out by an enemy faith , whose believers -- even those who denounced the atrocity -- are tainted and deserve to have their constitutional rights restricted .
For the moment one stops seeing the terrorist attacks of 2001 as a purely religious statement , one is forced to confront the elephant in the room : the attacks were , in essence , a political statement .
One only has to recall the vitriol visited upon Rev. Jeremiah Wright during the last presidential campaign for his now infamous sermon in which he said that , with the attacks , the chickens of US foreign policy had come home to roost .
It is possible to disagree with Wright and his ilk , but it is hardly disputable that public debate in the US has systematically failed to engage in a serious discussion about the disturbing political issues that lurk beneath -- although never justify -- those attacks .
Perhaps that is why most opponents of Park 51 have sought refuge in the religious narrative of the terrorist attacks .
The West violated that agreement in 1999 in Kosovo : NATO powers first attacked Kosovo and Belgrade , in breach of the UN Charter -LRB- although they were morally justified to do so , because there was a need to stop the serious atrocities underway -RRB- ; the West then promoted and blessed Kosovo 's secession .
Moreover , rumors are rife that he is now being attacked for his behavior by members of his own party .
The third attack on Italian unity launched at the beginning of August by the President of the Lega Nord group in the Senate , Federico Bricolo , who proposed adding a proviso to Article 12 of the Italian Constitution whereby the flags and anthems of the different regions would be officially recognized on an equal footing with the national anthem and flag .
Unfortunately , the attack on the IFE 's autonomy is not an isolated event in Latin America .
Colombian President Alvaro Uribe 's strategy of `` democratic security '' appears to have paid off , supported by the United States-financed Plan Colombia , as well as by much plain good luck , such as finding thousands of incriminating computer files three months ago in an attack on a FARC camp in Ecuador .
Kerry has never shown much interest in the region , while Bush has largely ignored it since the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
The consequences of a new terrorist outrage originating from any nation south of the US-Mexican border would be devastating for that country , let alone for the victims of such an attack .
In 2008 , Mexico 's government decided to attack the drug cartels ' operational nerve centers .
In the year since the terrorist attacks of last September 11th , many of us have repeatedly looked in the mirror to ask : What has changed ?
Even more unsettling , we recognize that America or another country may well be attacked by surprise once again , and are left wondering if such an event will match or exceed the horror of last year .
This first anniversary of the attack will be the first and sharpest of many annual reminders that once again history has turned the unimaginable into the real .
The international dimension of the attacks also includes an encounter with the after-effects of violence , and the longer-term problems of understanding what happened and how it changed us .
The calendar has now fully cycled , setting the attack itself apart from our memories of what happened .
Second , Obama has attacked the outsourcing of service jobs to places like India and the offshoring of manufacturing jobs to Asia as a whole .
The withdrawal of NATO forces before the job is done will leave India on the front lines to face the brunt of greater terror from the Afghanistan-Pakistan belt . In fact , NATO 's retreat is expected to embolden jihadists in the region -- and beyond it -- to stage transnational attacks .
By contrast , India 's location next to the Af-Pak has left it far more vulnerable , and the country has since suffered a series of major attacks -- from the assault on its parliament in December 2001 to the terrorist siege of Mumbai in 2008 .
Significantly , in contrast to its increasingly vituperative attacks on the Dalai Lama , China has not denounced -LRB- or derecognized -RRB- its Karmapa , although his flight to India signaled its failure to retain the loyalty of a supposed puppet .
Nevertheless , China has refrained from attacking him , making clear that it wants him to return eventually .
In recent years , with its senior operations men captured or killed and bin Laden holed up in Pakistan , the badly splintered Al Qaeda had already lost the ability to mount a major international attack or openly challenge US interests .
It will be mainly such elements that will have the capacity to launch major transnational terrorist attacks , like the 2008 Mumbai strikes .
Significantly , as the CIA closed in on bin Laden , the chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , Admiral Mike Mullen , for the first time publicly linked the Pakistani military with some of the militants attacking US forces in Afghanistan .
This only deepened US involvement in the wrong war and emboldened Pakistan to fatten the Afghan Taliban , even as sustained US attacks continued to severely weaken Al Qaeda .
Let 's be clear : America 's Afghan war is not winnable , even though Obama has redefined American goals from defeating the Taliban to preventing Al Qaeda from using Afghanistan as a base to launch attacks on the United States .
Without a large ground force in Afghanistan or even major ground operations , the US can hold Al Qaeda 's remnants at bay in their havens in the mountainous tribal regions of Pakistan through covert operations , Predator drones , and cruise-missile attacks .
At a time when cyber attacks are increasing worldwide , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was right to declare that an attack on one nation 's computer networks `` can be an attack on all . ''
Google is now crying foul over '' a highly sophisticated and targeted attack on our corporate infrastructure originating from China . ''
Canadian researchers have discovered a vast Chinese surveillance system called `` GhostNet , '' which can compromise computers in organizations abroad through booby-trapped e-mail messages that automatically scan and transfer documents to a digital storage facility in China . This is what happened when computers of the Tibetan government-in-exile in Dharamsala , India , were attacked last year .
The targets also can face Trojan-horse attacks by e-mail intended to breach their computers and allow the infiltrators to corrupt or transfer files remotely .
To be sure , if a cyber attack is camouflaged , it is not easy to identify the country from which it originated .
Through the use of so-called `` false-flag espionage '' and other methods , attacks can be routed through the computers of a third country .
Then there are many cases in which the attacks have originated directly from China .
Systematic cyber attacks constitute a new frontier of asymmetrical warfare at a time when the world already confronts other unconventional threats , including transnational terrorism .
Veterans of the Mindanao camps took part in almost every JI-linked bombing since 2000 , including the attack that killed hundreds in Bali in 2002 .
The terrorist attacks on the United States of September 11 , 2001 , galvanized American interest in the southern Philippines .
The Self-Defense Forces -LRB- SDF -RRB- that emerged during the 1950 's were designed -LRB- in theory -RRB- only to defend Japan from attack .
But Koizumi is behaving in accordance with a deep-rooted tradition in Japan , one that long precedes the attack on the US naval base at Pearl Harbor in December 1941 .
The Japanese aircraft carrier Akagi , which led the attack on Pearl Harbor , flew the battle flag flown by the Mikasa , Admiral Togo 's ship when he attacked the Russian fleet at Port Arthur .
The women gravitating back to the Republicans , according to conventional wisdom , are `` security moms '' -- suburban wives and mothers who started worrying about their families ' safety after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
Today , the threat of terrorist attack causes people to re-examine human rights and legal standards .
NATO troops should be given the green light to help the Afghan army fight opium -- destroy the heroin labs , disband the opium bazaars , attack the opium convoys , and bring the big traders to justice .
Security forces attacked peaceful protesters , jailed opposition leaders , sent thousands of their supporters to gruesome detention camps , and accused independent journalists of treason -- a crime punishable by death .
Three issues stand out . First , the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of 2001 reminded us -LRB- in case we had forgotten -RRB- that there is a union of values called `` the West . ''
The US is central to the values of the West ; if it is attacked , we are all attacked .
She had attacked her predecessor during the election campaign for being fork-tongued about Iraq , saying one thing to US President George W. Bush and another to the Finnish people .
There was also , at least in the US , the desire to avenge the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington , as well as geopolitical interests .
The two cabinet ministers who resigned over the affair , Robin Cook and Clare Short , want their own revenge and thus continue to attack Blair for his `` lies . ''
Indeed , he has gone on the counter-attack , notably against the BBC , which had not exactly supported the war with enthusiasm .
If they are personally affected , like Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , they do not actually attack the power of the judiciary , but question judges ' independence .
Things in Iraq may not be as bad as the daily news of bomb attacks make events there sound ; but it is clear that there will be no lasting progress towards a liberal order in that country without basic security .
London 's Mayor and police chief have jointly warned that terrorist attacks in the city are `` inevitable . ''
It is debatable whether governments should ever frighten their citizens by painting the horror scenario of `` inevitable '' attack .
But history never bowed out ; at most , it only took a decade-long intermission , with its next act heralded by the terrorist attacks in the United States in September 2001 .
Similarly , attacks against the West in mosques , however vicious , should not be banned , in contrast to open encouragement to join suicide death squads .
Cases have to be made and attacked or defended .
The collapse of the `` new economy '' is an example , but in a curious way also the probable attack on Iraq will also be arrived at in such a way .
When Tony Blair says that the most important liberty is security from terrorist attacks , he has forgotten the first principles of his party and his country .
To defend our liberty we need domestic democracy at least as much as a readiness to attack whatever `` forces of evil '' may exist elsewhere in the world .
During the Cold War , when the West feared attack by the Soviet bloc , the US and Europe were united through NATO in standing up to that threat .
Article 5 of the NATO Treaty was invoked as if the Twin Towers attack was an attack on the whole alliance .
His proposal will thus be seen for what it is , a counter-attack on a founding policy of the European project .
Instead , we should be attacking known environmental carcinogens -- not just tobacco , but also radiation , sunlight , benzene , solvents , and some drugs and hormones .
One plotter in the attack of September 11 , 2001 , appeared before ordinary courts in Germany .
In many EU member states , criminal law has been strengthened and is being used to prevent attacks .
KABUL -- Suicide bombings , assassinations of top Afghan leaders , brutal attacks on Charikar and other places close to Kabul , Afghanistan 's capital , and a rapid increase in civilian deaths from drone attacks are jeopardizing the withdrawal of American and NATO forces from the country .
Would n't waiving Pakistan 's quota under the Multi-Fiber Agreement have been a very good and important step for the US government to take in reciprocation of the Pakistani government 's help as US-led forces attacked Al Qaeda bases in Afghanistan ?
They expected tax cuts to be followed by a fangs-bared attack on social-welfare spending once deficits reemerged .
In comparison , the Oracle at Delphi 's advice to the King of Lydia -- `` If you attack Persia , you will destroy a great kingdom '' -- is clarity itself .
The rest of the decade was punctuated by the Mexican peso crisis of 1994 , the East Asian crisis of 1997-98 , and troubles in Brazil , Argentina , Turkey , and elsewhere , and the new millennium began with the collapse of the dot-com bubble in 2000 and the economic fallout from the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
Stan Collender of National Journal sees the fingerprints of the White House on these attacks : Greenspan is harshly critical of George W. Bush 's administration , after all , and to attack the credibility of Republican ex-policymakers who are critical of Bush is standard counterpunching for it .
Political and cultural leaders from around the globe condemned the attacks .
In northwest Pakistan 's Swat valley armed Islamist militants recently attacked one of the oldest and most important sculptures of Buddhist art .
This , moreover , was the second attack in less than a month .
Murtaza Razvi of Pakistan 's Dawn newspaper has pointed out that the image that was attacked was not in a remote area . In fact , it was next to the central road that runs through the valley .
Despite repeated requests by Pakistani archeologists to the local authorities to protect the seated Buddha and other sites , especially after the first attack , no action was taken .
As if that were not enough , there are now reports of a third attack .
Even sadder is that while Pakistani newspapers widely condemned these attacks and criticized local officials ' indifference , there has been almost no coverage in the international press .
A majority of public opinion polls taken in the last four years show that the views of Americans about Islam continue to be a casualty of the attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Washington Post\/ABC News polls from 2006 , for example , found that nearly half of Americans regard Islam `` unfavorably , '' while one in four admits to prejudicial feelings against Muslims .
Concern with the region did not begin with the attacks in the US in September 2001 or with the Madrid bombings .
But , after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , they became confused with another debate , one far more important for a US electorate that feels threatened : how can alliances and multilateral institutions protect Americans ?
Bombings in London and Turkey have brought to the fore the old ideas that authoritarian regimes are better equipped than democracies to combat terrorism , and that such attacks are the price we pay for liberty .
Terrorist attacks on Russia did not cease or decline .
Indeed , recall the terrorism in Beslan in September 2004 , in which a single attack on a school killed over 330 people .
Its report on the inability of the intelligence services , notably the CIA and the FBI , to prevent the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks also contained a series of recommendations for restructuring these services to render them more effective .
Cooperation over the last few years between the UN Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo -LRB- UNMIK -RRB- , the NATO-led multinational Kosova Force -LRB- KFOR -RRB- , and local governments - boosted by the arrival of a democratic government in Serbia - has cut down the number of terrorist attacks in Southern Serbia and Macedonia .
There is a sort of crusade underway -- an especially perfidious campaign consisting of systematic attacks by Islamists , focused on civilians , that is directed against our free , open Western societies , and that is intent upon their utter destruction .
Extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis -LRB- XDR-TB -RRB- is a difficult to treat strain of TB which , attacks where health systems are historically weak , especially in areas of high HIV prevalence .
Act II began with a renewed speculative attack and a deep collapse of the currency .
It should work , that is , unless the terrorist attacks have so shaken consumer confidence that people go into a form of spending hibernation in fear of the future .
Gallup poll taken before the attacks , and addressed to investors , optimism hit a near 5-year low ; few believe a recovery is already underway .
Similarly , UNITAID is attacking child mortality through UNICEF 's extensive program to eradicate mother-to-child HIV transmission .
The Internet 's Immune System NEW YORK -- Viruses , phishing , spyware , spam , denial-of-service attacks , botnets ... You have probably heard these words , and perhaps even suffered from what they signify , with or without knowing it .
ISPs would throttle traffic from ISPs that did not join the security collective , and pretty soon their customers would complain , forcing them either to join or find themselves relegated to the underworld , from which it would be hard to launch attacks because no one would accept their traffic .
In parliamentary debates , fierce ideological battles may be the order of the day , but ad hominem attacks are off limits .
How did it happen that every contemporary problem , particularly in Russia , seems to have been reduced to terrorist attacks and counter-terrorist operations ?
At the beginning of the twentieth century , socialist revolutionaries led by Evno Asef embarked on a series of terrorist attacks against state officials .
True , nobody has been killed by a nuclear weapon since the attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki , 65 years ago this month .
And we know that , across the spectrum of sophistication , the risk of destabilizing cyber attack beating cyber defense is getting ever higher .
Recent polling to mark the 10th anniversary of the 9\/11 attacks has shown alarming persistence of the animosity generated by the interventions in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The first reason is concern that Israel will perceive the existence of one or two Iranian bombs as an existential threat , demanding a pre-emptive military attack -- with or without US support , but in either case with resources that Iran knows it can not match .
Iranians think such an attack unlikely if they do not cross the red line of actual weaponization .
The follow-up Resolution 1973 , adopted on March 17 , deplored the failure to comply with Resolution 1970 , reasserted a determination to ensure the protection of civilians , and called for an immediate ceasefire and a complete end to violent attacks against and abuses of civilians .
Coercive military action was allowed to take two forms : `` all necessary measures '' to enforce a no-fly zone , and `` all necessary measures ... to protect civilians and civilian populated areas under threat of attack . '' Boots on the ground -- `` a foreign occupation force '' -- were expressly excluded .
And , as for the wider mandate to protect civilians , the resolution allows airborne attacks to knock out tanks or troop columns advancing on Benghazi or other rebel-held towns , and -- should they exist -- concentrations of forces within those areas that pose a direct and immediate threat to Qaddafi 's opponents .
To demand that every case that seems to look alike be treated alike might set the bar impossibly high , and certainly runs the risk of becoming hostage to critics -- like those who attack the intervention in Libya -- who assert that if you ca n't act everywhere , you should n't act anywhere .
Moreover , China 's geopolitical importance to the US has grown immensely since the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington D.C. of September 11 , 2001 .
We have consistently condemned attacks that target innocent Israelis .
A first-use of nuclear weapons by the US should be unthinkable , and responding to a non-nuclear attack with nuclear weapons violates a central tenet of just war and US military tradition .
Charles de Gaulle was born 120 years ago in Lille . He died 40 years ago at his home in Colombey-les-deux-Églises , expiring of a heart attack as he played solitaire one evening .
When police attacked with tear gas , pieds noirs opened fire .
But eight in ten Americans think that terrorist attacks are unlikely , and many voters believe that involvement in Afghanistan and Iraq will increase rather than limit America 's vulnerability to terrorism .
On April 7 , 2009 , Moldova made headlines when peaceful protests against unfair elections were hijacked by a small number of provocateurs who attacked the parliament building and presidential palace .
Finally , a military attack on Iran would also mark the beginning of a regional , and possibly global , military and terrorist escalation -- a nightmare for all concerned .
Will Bush order an air and Special Forces attack on Iran ?
Should Iran be attacked this year , the consequences will be borne first and foremost by the region , but also by Europe as the Middle East 's immediate western neighbor -- and they will be felt for a long time to come .
Sudan 's government has been recruiting and paying the local `` Janjaweed '' militiamen , who have attacked hundreds of defenseless villages and towns , often in close co-ordination with the Sudanese air force .
· The Israeli wish list for US arms deliveries , discussed with the American president , focused mainly on the improvement of the attack capabilities and precision of the Israeli air force .
Although it is acknowledged in Jerusalem that an attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities would involve grave and hard-to-assess risks , the choice between acceptance of an Iranian bomb and an attempt at its military destruction , with all the attendant consequences , is clear .
The next war , terrorist attack , or failed peace initiative may lurk just around the corner .
For many years , France has called for a European economic government for the euro zone , which Germany has so far rejected , for good reasons : France 's initiative was nothing but a hidden attack against EU members ' annual fiscal-deficit ceiling of 3 % of GDP and worse , against the ECB 's independence .
Nevertheless , the European Union can neither allow Greece to slide into national bankruptcy nor hand it over to the International Monetary Fund , since other euro-zone members -- namely , Portugal , Spain , and Italy -- would probably be next in line to be attacked by the financial markets .
On the one hand , the euro protected the eurozone , particularly Germany 's export economy , from speculative attacks and the chaos of currency volatility .
Germany and other European countries went to Afghanistan in solidarity with a NATO partner -- our most important security guarantor , the United States -- after it had been attacked from there on September 11 , 2001 .
America 's departure from this great tradition did not begin with the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
The existing world order -- created by the US itself -- was first devalued in American eyes , then weakened , and finally consciously attacked .
Instead , Europe developed the euro , which solved the problem of speculative attacks and monetary credibility by replacing individual currencies with a new one .
Two distinct realms of self-defense exist within the law of war . One is the justification for going to war in the first place ; the second is the use of force in combat in the course of war , such as killing civilians who are attacking soldiers .
Intentional targeting of civilians is prohibited , as is an attack on military targets in the knowledge that there will be `` clearly excessive '' harm relative to the value of the military target .
The specific problem in Lebanon , particularly Israel 's bombing of southern Beirut , is deciding when the targets are protected civilians or part of a militant terrorist organization and thus subject to legitimate attack .
We have too little information about many of these attacks to know one way or the other .
Israeli newspapers regularly carry stories about why Israel may need to attack Iran to prevent it from acquiring an arsenal of nuclear weapons .
The justification of self-defense comes readily to the lips of both paranoids and those who reasonably wish to defend themselves against imminent attack .
The UN has tried to delimit the scope of self-defense , but it goes too far by permitting states to resort to force only if `` an armed attack occurs . ''
This makes little sense , because states must retain the right to defend themselves against impending attacks as well .
Some say that the real point is the risk of attack and the destruction that might occur if weapons of mass destruction are deployed .
The first principle is reciprocity , which implies that if Israel had the right to attack the Osirak reactor , then Iraq had the right to bomb the Israeli nuclear facility at Dimona .
If America now has the right to attack Baghdad , then Iraq -- which has made no public statements of aggressive intent toward the US -- has the reciprocal right to attack Washington .
Admittedly , prior actions and intentions matter in making a judgment about whether to fear an attack .
But this formula does not clearly cover even the terrorist attacks of September 2001 .
If the motive of the airline hijackers was simply to kill infidels , their attack would fall outside the Congressional definition .
Some think so , but Al Qaeda blew up the USS Cole and most people regarded the killing of the sailors onboard a terrorist attack .
The same logic applies in the guidelines for President George W. Bush 's military tribunals , which treat those who attack military personnel and civilians alike .
But suppose we try to define the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , as terrorism by using the following formula : a violent , organized , and public attack by private parties on other civilians , without guilt , regardless of the justice of the cause .
Does that mean that the settlers are sitting ducks who can be attacked with impunity and have no right to defend themselves ?
Other than drive his boss around and attend meetings , he did nothing more to promote the terrorist attacks of September 2001 .
The agreement provides a process for compensating the victims of attacks ranging from the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , to the US air strikes on Tripoli and Benghazi in 1986 .
And yet , particularly since the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , that is precisely what has happened , owing to four key mistakes made by the Bush administration .
First , the doctrine of `` preemption , '' which was devised in response to the 2001 attacks , was inappropriately broadened to include Iraq and other so-called `` rogue states '' that threatened to develop weapons of mass destruction .
After all , the very success of that attack meant that such limited intervention could never be repeated , because would-be proliferators learned to bury , hide , or duplicate their nascent weapons programs .
They have attacked monasteries and arrested monks and nuns by force .
The monks are the preservers of dharma ; by attacking them , the generals attack Buddhism itself .
By attacking Iraq , the US could win the armed confrontation with Hussein , but probably lose the broader - and more vital - political struggle for the future of the country .
But the Saudi establishment 's serious response to the May 2003 attack on a civilian compound in Riyadh at least gives a glimmer of hope that the al-Saud may see reform as their only hope of survival .
This raises the big question of whether the best escape from poverty comes from general economic growth or from a direct attack on poverty .
A direct attack on poverty can yield a double dividend : in reducing human misery , it could spark growth , thereby creating more political space for direct poverty reduction .
Moreover , they are prone to being kidnapped by criminal gangs , trained to steal or pickpocket , or , worse , placed at the mercy of terrorists for use in attacks .
An implantable cardioverter defibrillator can jolt the heart back to normal if an irregular , life-threatening rhythm develops in patients who have had a heart attack .
Similarly , in Sudan 's Darfur region , there has been no genuine peace process to disrupt , as attacks on civilians continue to be reported , even after the United Nations Security Council referred the matter to the ICC in 2005 .
In response to the recent wave of terrorist attacks , Vladimir Putin has demanded that even more power be vested in him .
Most Russians reached this conclusion long before the Beslan attack .
Yet even that is uncertain : before Beslan , the response to terrorist attacks in Ingushetia and Chechnya consisted of efforts to form additional traditional military divisions .
Without major reform of all security and military forces - reforms that provide incentives for individual officers to show initiative and take responsibility - Russia 's war on terror will remain one-sided : the terrorists will be doing all the attacking .
Today , with the terrorist attacks along the roads and the insecurity , and tomorrow , with the establishment of a Palestinian state , these settlers will probably want to return to live within Israel 's borders .
In 2000 , Taylor used those same thugs to attack Guinea , in an assault that left hundreds dead and destroyed the city of Guekedou .
In 2003 , while Taylor was under rebel attack , he organized and supported an incursion into Côte d'Ivoire .
More unfortunate still was his implication that this was the cause of a series of gang rapes in Sydney in 2000 , in which the attackers ' legal defense was that they thought the women were sexually available because they wore Western clothes .
What makes US strategy reckless is that the Bush administration is attacking China at the very moment that America 's dependence on Chinese purchases of US government bonds is growing .
Some observers fear that the attacks in New York and Washington may act as a catalyst for American consumers , who have kept spending despite a recent parade of grim economic statistics , to finally tighten their belts .
Prior to the terrorist attacks , American economic indicators were increasingly gloomy : economic growth was barely positive in the last two quarters of 2000 .
The fear now is that the terrorist attack will deter consumers from spending , and thus accelerate the ongoing slowdown .
Still , the consensus forecast before the attack was for a rebound in growth from 0.2 % GDP in the second quarter of 2001 to 1.5 % due to successive Fed interest rate cuts and nearly $ 40 billion in tax cuts .
But OPEC signalled immediately after the attack that it would not take advantage of the situation , and would increase production to stabilize the market .
So for now , it seems unlikely that the terrorist attack on the US of 11 September will cause world recession .
But if the influence of these so-called siloviki was unbridled , similar attacks would have been launched against other major companies by now .
Indeed , the Japan Defense Agency recently outlined three scenarios for a Chinese attack against Japan , and announced that it is planning to redeploy its troops from the north -LRB- where they were originally stationed to defend Japan against the former Soviet Union -RRB- to the south , facing China .
BRUSSELS -- The euro area confronts a fundamental crisis that attacks on financial speculators will do nothing to resolve .
Not surprisingly , after the attacks Western leaders reaffirmed the urgency of bringing Turkey into the European fold .
In the days following the attacks in Istanbul , Turks across the board condemned this brutal violence : there was no -LRB- or only negligible -RRB- blame-the-victim sentiment toward Turkish Jews -LRB- or toward Israel -RRB- or toward the British and Americans , whose war in Iraq is extremely unpopular in Turkey .
But the terrorist attacks in Istanbul are unlikely to generate a nervous reaction in restricting democratic rights .
If al-Qaeda was behind the attacks , it grossly miscalculated .
When the Muslim world was thrown into confusion and disarray after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the democratic wing of the Islamist movement was working on a platform of legislative reforms it would propose for EU accession .
Similarly , cardiologists once prescribed drugs to reduce sudden death in patients after heart attacks .
If a state fails to live up to its side of the bargain by sponsoring terrorism , either transferring or using weapons of mass destruction , or conducting genocide , then it forfeits the normal benefits of sovereignty and opens itself up to attack , removal , or occupation .
Terrorism and Counter-Terrorism Reconsidered The arrests in London of 21 terrorists who appear to have planned to blow up a number of airplanes over the Atlantic reminds us , if any reminder is needed , of the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of September 11 , 2001 .
Terrorist attacks have occurred subsequently in Indonesia , Madrid , London , Egypt , and most recently Mumbai .
And as the recent arrests in London suggest , it is also possible that the desire of some terrorists to accomplish something more dramatic than the 9\/11 attacks may have complicated their ability to implement their plans and increased the prospect that they will be detected .
Existing terrorists need to be stopped before they act ; failing that , societies need to protect themselves and have ready the means of reducing the consequences of successful attacks .
Turkey , for example , is poised to attack the Kurdish enclave in Iraq 's north .
The judgment by America 's intelligence community that Iran has suspended its nuclear weapon development program -- and , more importantly , that its large-scale uranium enrichment capacity is likely years away -- postpones the day when a US president may have to decide between living with or attacking a nuclear Iran .
A second policy option would be for the US , Israel , or both to attack Iran 's known nuclear installations .
Such a preemptive attack would certainly destroy some or even most of Iran 's existing nuclear facilities and materials .
But some capability would likely survive , and the nuclear program could be rebuilt over several years in a manner that would make a second attack much more difficult .
Instead , it could be expected to retaliate by attacking US forces in Afghanistan and Iraq , unleashing terrorist attacks throughout the region and the world , and interrupting the flow of tanker traffic through the Strait of Hormuz .
What is certain is that both options -- living with a nuclear Iran or attacking it -- involve serious risks and costs .
Obama may have to choose between attacking Iran 's nuclear installations and living with an Iran that has the capacity to build a nuclear weapon in a matter of weeks .
I maintain that the effort against Afghanistan was justified -LRB- to remove the Taliban government that helped bring about the 9\/11 attacks -RRB- , and that ousting Saddam Hussein was not .
No one can predict or assume what a limited attack on Iran 's nuclear installations would accomplish , cost , or lead to .
The Cold War ended a generation ago ; the terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 , are nearly a decade in the past .
Depending on how this power is used -LRB- or abused -RRB- , it can be beneficial -LRB- exercising needed oversight and increasing the transparency of policy and policy-making -RRB- or destructive -LRB- if , for example , hearings degenerate into politically motivated attacks on administration officials and policies -RRB- .
There are steps that can and should be taken to attack or neutralize certain types of viruses or bacteria ; to reduce vulnerability to infection ; and to reduce the consequences of infection if , despite all of our efforts , we become ill .
As we have recently witnessed , terrorists can be attacked and stopped before they can cause harm ; individuals and countries can be defended ; and societies can take steps to bolster their resilience when they are successfully attacked , as on occasion they inevitably will be .
It did not herald a new era of international relations in which terrorists with a global agenda prevailed , or in which such spectacular terrorist attacks became commonplace .
The second phase of the post-Cold War era began with the 9\/11 terror attacks .
Its population lives in fear of bombings and suicide attacks -- the next one could be at the local mosque , an internet café , or a roadside restaurant .
The innumerable blasts and attacks all across the country , the killing of Benazir Bhutto , and the routine television images of splatters of blood covered with flies have wrecked their nerves .
The first attack on the World Trade Center itself occurred in 1993 .
The same Commission , on which I served , urged the new President , George W. Bush , on January 31 , 2001 , to prepare the nation for these attacks by consolidating dispersed federal government agencies into a new national homeland security agency .
Three thousand people died in the first terrorist attack in America in the new century .
Many experts believe that , two years later , the US has still not begun to take the urgent steps necessary to defend itself against further attacks .
America 's legal community , and some in the wider society , are beginning to awake to the complex issues confronting the US as it seeks to protect itself from outside attacks for the first time since 1812 .
On the contrary , the most likely result of such an attack would be civil war and terrorism dwarfing the Iraqi experience .
Are n't these severe attacks on language also assaults on a root of our identities ?
Groups of `` fighters for the revolution '' -- in reality , the Cuban secret police -- brutally attack their political opponents and accuse them of absurd crimes in an effort to intimidate them or to force them to emigrate .
The current air strikes on Gaza , and continuing rocket attacks on Askelon , Sderot and other towns in southern Israel , only prove how dire the situation is becoming .
Such impunity creates an atmosphere in which continued attacks are practically invited .
These lessons do not rule out all violence , focusing instead on Al-Qaeda 's justifications for its attacks and the forms that the violence takes .
Al-Qaeda has also damaged itself with the Saudi public , which has been repeatedly victimized by terrorist attacks .
Suicide bombings of public buildings and attacks on oil and other government installations have alienated many Saudis .
With at least 80 % of the population dependent on government salaries or grants , the attacks have proved very unpopular .
As a result , Al-Qaeda has had a respite to try to rebuild itself and to organize attacks in Saudi Arabia and elsewhere .
But the Kingdom remains paralyzed , still wavering on whether to allow President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who is convalescing in Riyadh from injuries sustained in a bomb attack , to return to Sana to resume his rule .
In the skies of Serbia and Kosovo , NATO warplanes attacked target after target , not to support the liberation of territory or in furtherance of a strategic bombing campaign , but rather to change Milosevic 's mind .
This gap is beginning to close as NATO begins to deploy assets , such as attack helicopters , aimed more directly and boldly at the real goal of removing Qaddafi from power .
Important members of the administration apparently believe that Saddam Hussein was behind the 1993 attempt to knock down the World Trade Center , and that he carefully covered his tracks , making it appear that the attack was directed by Arab militants secluded in the wilds of Afghanistan .
The impressive counter-intelligence skills of the September 11th terrorists , as well as the coordination of their attack with the September 9th assassination of Massoud , the leader of the anti-Taliban forces in the North of Afghanistan , suggests , at least to those who doubt that Osama bin Laden could have pulled off such an operation without state sponsorship , an important role of the KGB-trained Iraqi intelligence .
They claim that constitutionalism and due process , if meticulously followed , reduce the government 's `` flexibility '' in devising ways to prevent terrorist attacks .
Having invaded an oil-rich Arab country that played no role in the terrorist attack of September 11 , 2001 , the United States has imprudently allowed itself to be sucked into its attackers ' primitive logic of collective punishment and group revenge .
The administration arguably devoted most of its counterterrorism efforts not to law enforcement operations , but into `` war '' in Muslim lands because it failed to keep a cool head in the immediate aftermath of the attacks on New York and Washington .
The surest way to rouse violent resistance is to communicate to people that there is nothing they can personally do to avoid being attacked .
President Bush 's comparison of the capture of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed -LRB- reputed to have planned the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon -RRB- to the liberation of Paris in 1944 was certainly hyperbolic , but the arrest was a political blessing for the US President all the same .
Called to protest America 's impending attack on Iraq , marchers set effigies of George Bush and Tony Blair on fire as smiling portraits of Osama bin Laden , draped with fresh flowers , looked on .
Before the terrorist attacks on America and the ouster of the Taliban in next-door Afghanistan , Pakistan 's religious parties had few seats in either the federal or provincial assemblies .
Meanwhile , across the border in Afghanistan , US forces are experiencing frequent ambushes and rocket attacks upon their bases .
Iraq stands as a reminder of America 's furious desire to avenge the terrorist attacks of September , 2001 and hurt punish even those unconnected with the perpetrators .
Only rarely do scenes of massive displacement of the civilian population make it onto our television screens , because , unlike bombs and suicide attacks , displacement does not generate the blood , fire , or screams that constitutes compelling footage .
If the Parliament in Baghdad , one of the best protected buildings in the country , can be attacked from within , then no Zone in Iraq is Green ; they are all Red .
Civilians are killed daily in Mogadishu , there are roadside bombs and mortar attacks , and politicians and journalists are targeted .
While democracy is not part of his agenda , his messages , as well as his followers ' periodic armed attacks inside the country , have no doubt contributed to the erosion of the regime 's legitimacy .
But it was the terrorist attacks on the US in September 2001 that brought a sea change in the thinking , if not yet the practice , of at least part of the Saudi regime .
The fact that most of the perpetrators of the attacks were identified as Saudis highlighted the country 's backward realities and provoked mounting international pressures for change .
It is important to remember , though , that democracy was on the international agenda before the United States was attacked in September 2001 .
On August 19 , 2009 , the sixth anniversary of the bombing that killed the United Nations representative in Baghdad , a series of spectacular attacks were carried out .
Back in 1997 , many Asians thought that the speculative attacks then being mounted on Asian currencies were unjustified , with Malaysia 's Prime Minister Mohamad Mahathir leading the charge against speculators .
The very announcement of the Fund 's creation was meant to deter speculative attack .
In a continent where anti-Americanism remains both very popular and an effective way to consolidate national cohesion and political power , Chávez 's attacks found a ready audience .
Debates and protests about globalization have been muted since last September 's terrorist attacks . But that silence does not mean that they are over .
The most obvious reason for increased worries about security in America is the challenge of meeting the threat of terrorism after the attacks of September 2001 .
Putin 's vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US .
Governments are now vulnerable , and politicians are under attack almost everywhere .
Britain is convulsed by a scandal about parliamentary expenses that has no equivalent since the attacks on `` old corruption '' in the early nineteenth century .
Today the attacks are not limited to the political and financial establishment .
Now the fiscal consensus of the 1990s is under sustained attack worldwide .
But it is America that is leading the attack on fiscal discipline .
In the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , President George W. Bush advised Americans that they should not allow the trauma of the attacks to interfere with their ordinary shopping , and implied that buying had become a patriotic duty and virtue .
Treasury Secretary John Connolly attacked Japan 's `` controlled economy . ''
At moments like these , financial crises look like a heart attack -- wreaking immediate and devastating damage to the whole of the economic body .
We do not want to see another heart attack -- or another financial crisis .
But the stage of post-financial trauma is very different from the heart-attack moment : it is more akin to general heart weakness , in which the activities of the patient are slowed down and reduced .
As with heart attacks , the acute stage is usually followed by stabilization , in which banks are recapitalized and the fear of immediate failure wanes .
Emerging-market policymakers in big countries such as Brazil , China , and Turkey routinely attack the US and its monetary policy as a source of inflation , social tension , and political instability .
But it also took away the one-way-bet character of speculative attacks on vulnerable currencies , and thus removed the fundamental driver of instability .
Treating acute heart attacks with inexpensive drugs is , however , cost-effective .
The six or seven Iraqi fields currently ablaze are a pittance compared to the six hundred that burned in Kuwait . The smoke over Baghdad came mostly from oil deliberately burned in ditches and trenches to obscure potential targets from air attack .
Iran 's Less-is-More Nuclear Policy NEW YORK -- The recent United States National Intelligence Estimate -LRB- NIE -RRB- , which reports that Iran once had a `` nuclear weapons program '' but suspended it in 2003 , means that there will probably be no American attack on Iran during the Bush administration .
Indeed , the one act most likely to guarantee that Iran obtains nuclear weapons would be to attack it . -LRB- Nine years after Israel 's bombing raid on Iraq 's nuclear reactor at Osirak in 1981 , Saddam Hussein was nevertheless within a year of having an atomic bomb . -RRB-
A disastrous possible policy -- military attack on Iran -- has been headed off by a misguided , misinterpreted intelligence report .
There is unmistakable continuity between Joseph McCarthy 's attacks on President Harry Truman 's administration for `` losing '' China , and for supposed `` appeasement '' and even `` treason '' and Dick Cheney 's and Karl Rove 's refrains assailing Obama for opposing the Iraq war , not to mention Sarah Palin 's charge during the election campaign that Obama had been `` palling around with terrorists . ''
But nothing illustrates the radicalism of the new right better than the recent attack by the Fox News commentator Glenn Beck on the financier and philanthropist George Soros . Soros is of Hungarian and Jewish origin , and Beck 's attack , called `` The Puppet-Master ? '' , recycles , almost in carbon copy , the tropes of the most virulent anti-Semitic ideologies of the totalitarian movements of the first half of the twentieth century .
Stranger still is his attack on , of all people , US President Woodrow Wilson .
The foreign secretaries of India and Pakistan met in New Delhi recently , after a gap of more than 15 months , the terrorist attacks of November 11 , 2008 having frozen bilateral relations between the two countries in suspicion and mutual recrimination .
The New Delhi meeting marked a temporary thaw , yet even as Pakistan 's foreign secretary returned home to Islamabad , suspected Taliban bombers had attacked an Indian medical mission in the heart of Kabul , Afghanistan , killing 11 people .
NEW DELHI -- The lull in headline-grabbing terror attacks appears to be over .
But do the recent suicide attack on the Bagram air base outside of Kabul , a key United States military installation in Afghanistan , and the failed car bombing in New York City 's Times Square mean that the `` war on terror '' -LRB- a phrase that the Obama administration has deliberately sought to avoid -RRB- has reignited ?
Following the Times Square bombing attempt , Clinton issued an even harsher judgment : `` if a terror attack like the New York bombing were to be successful and found to have originated from that country , there would be very severe consequences . ''
The failed Times Square attack demonstrates the TTP 's growing transnational ambitions -LRB- but also that the group 's reach exceeds its grasp , at least for now -RRB- .
Despite a supposed offensive by Pakistan 's government against the TTP in some of the tribal regions , a recent documentary reported that the group is now recruiting young children to carry out suicide attacks .
Indeed , there were nearly 60 suicide attacks in Pakistan in 2009 , compared to only two in 2002 .
According to Brian Fishman , a terrorism expert at the US Military Academy at West Point , the growth in suicide attacks poses a severe challenge to Pakistan , for a `` whole milieu of militant groups , and individuals have come together ideologically ... to embark on mission -LRB- s -RRB- that Al Qaeda set -LRB- s -RRB- for them . ''
Its Prevention of Terrorism Act -LRB- POTA -RRB- , enacted after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on America by the then ruling Bharatiya Janata Party -LRB- BJP -RRB- - led government , contains many of the features enshrined in the Patriot Act : an overly vague definition of what constitutes terrorism or unlawful acts , immunity from prosecution for law-enforcement or government agents , and expansion of wire-tapping .
At the same time , in the face of an alarming increase in the number of terrorist attacks , Manmohan Singh 's government has also indulged in a heavy-handed response to suspected Islamist terrorists , who are hauled off on flimsy evidence and killed before they can be convicted of any crime .
In the two-year period that ended on December 31 , 2002 , more than 1,600 people were prosecuted for endangering state security , most after the terror attacks on the US .
The Rise of Mid-Level Powers The security environment since the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States has clearly demonstrated the limits of the United Nations , or even the US as the world 's sole military superpower , to maintain international security .
But the terrorist attacks on the US in September 2001 pressed Japan to recognize that it must begin to exercise greater autonomy and independent judgment in formulating and implementing its national security policies .
With almost daily terrorist attacks , ordinary citizens victimized by shell and gunfire or misconceived bombing , the abuses of Iraqi prisoners , and the hostility of Iraq 's Shiites - on whom the US had pinned high hopes for the peace process - American policy is in jeopardy of failure .
Today 's complex security environment , with terrorist attacks by non-state actors occurring alongside traditional state-to-state wars , demands a nimble , integrated strategy .
The air force is to continue its monitoring activities in neighboring airspace and maintain response readiness against air attack , while modifying invasion response tactics somewhat as the likelihood of an attack from the air diminishes .
By 2010 , China is expected to have 70 of the most modern surface vessels , several modern strategic nuclear submarines , and several tens of modernized attack submarines , exceeding the modern forces of both Taiwan 's navy and even Japan 's Maritime Self-Defense Force , at least in quantitative terms .
With the exception of Singapore , it seems that Russian fighter-attack aircraft are the region 's weapon of choice at the moment .
My hope is that , when historians look back at Georgia 's attack on South Ossetia of last summer , the Ossetians , Russians , and Georgians killed in that war will be seen as having not died in vain .
After Yugoslavia , there was an unprovoked attack on Iraq .
It behaved in ways that would have been unthinkable before -- for example , its attacks on Yugoslavia , Afghanistan , and Iraq .
If Russia and the other countries that opposed America 's Iraq policy in the Security Council really wanted to convince the US not to attack Iraq and to defend international law , it was a naive policy doomed to failure .
This has not been properly understood in the West , which has been fighting the symptoms of terrorism , but has failed to attack its underlying causes .
Instead , when Iraqi attack helicopters and elite troops began butchering their own people , coalition forces were ordered to stand down .
To avoid the perception of NATO or the US attacking another Muslim country , the backing of the Arab world is also needed .
And he can not be free to make those attacks more lethal by using his airpower .
While Ahmedinejad continues his verbal attacks on the US , he does not control the policy-making apparatus that will decide about Iran 's nuclear program and its relations with the international community .
But this decision is contingent on the approval of the Guardian Council , where a group of the president 's supporters have launched a counter-attack .
He has given official propagandists the green light to attack Ahmadinejad and his cronies explicitly , portraying them as people who do not believe in the principle of the guardianship of the Shia jurist , the key concept bequeathed by the Islamic Republic 's founder , Grand Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini .
Iranian intelligence has assassinated more than 400 Iranian dissidents outside of Iran , including the last prime minister under the Shah , Shapour Bakhtiar , and four Kurds in Berlin 's Mikonos restaurant in 1992 -LRB- a German judge later officially named Iran 's Supreme Leader as one of the senior officials involved in the terrorist attack -RRB- .
Indeed , leaders in all the supposed `` rogue states '' know that their societies would cease to exist if they attacked America with nuclear or biological weapons .
In June , speaking at the St. Petersburg Economic Forum , Medvedev mesmerized his audience by simultaneously sounding avant-garde and hackneyed : he attacked corruption , vowed that Russia is not `` building state capitalism , '' and promised legal and federal reforms .
Yet some states view such weapons as a status symbol , and some view them as offering the ultimate deterrent against nuclear attack , which largely accounts for the estimated 26,000 that still exist .
As we progressively eliminate the world 's deadliest weapons and their components , we will make it harder to execute WMD terrorist attacks .
Instead of dealing with these concrete threats to Japan , Hatoyama continues to act like an opposition politician by attacking the LDP and undermining one of the proudest achievements of LDP rule , the deep and trusting alliance with the US .
Others view the attack as simply another in a long line of provocations , and thus not to be taken all that seriously .
So what is Kim up to with this latest attack on South Korea ?
The terrorist attacks of 2001 , followed by the Afghanistan and Iraq wars , the Great Contraction of 2008 , the Arab Spring , and Europe 's sovereign debt crisis , all diverted the United States from helping to create a lasting structure of peace to accommodate today 's resurgent Asia .
Indeed , when Israel attacked a nuclear facility in Syria in September 2007 , it was revealed that North Koreans were involved in developing the site in cooperation with the Syria National Technical Research Center .
And China not only proclaimed Clinton 's intervention over the South China Sea islands an `` attack , '' but also held unscheduled naval maneuvers in the Yellow Sea in advance of the US-South Korean exercise .
The Asian Cockpit LONDON -- With the July terrorist attack on the Indian embassy in Kabul -- which left 41 dead and the finger of suspicion pointing at the Pakistani intelligence services -- the world was again reminded why the Indian sub-continent has eclipsed the Middle East as the world 's flash-point .
The optimism that followed the recent Pakistani elections has turned to concern as the government 's negotiations with militants appear to have made a terrorist safe-haven safer and attacks against NATO forces in Afghanistan more frequent .
Another crack appeared with the 1983 Hezbollah attack on the US Marine barracks in Beirut , which triggered an abrupt US withdrawal from Lebanon .
Pressures are mounting on the ECB to raise interest rates -- and Berlusconi and Co. 's attacks are as much as an attempt to forestall future rate hikes as to get the ECB to loosen its monetary policy .
Indeed , a leading Dutch financial newspaper attacked the pre-announcement as a sign of Trichet 's weakness rather than strength , implying that he had lost control of the Governing Council .
Sarkozy and the Euro 's Perfect Storm The more French president Nicolas Sarkozy attacks the European Central Bank and the strong euro , the more he is criticized in the European media , by European finance ministers , European Union officials and the ECB itself .
A major policy mistake and the same public officials now criticizing Sarkozy for attacking the ECB will be joining him .
How can President Sarkozy , who has repeatedly attacked financial speculators , question the judgment of the very man who , by knowing how to keep his mouth shut in a crisis , thwarted them ?
Sarkozy might even tone down his attacks on the ECB , whose single-minded , inflation-fighting policies have made it one of his favorite targets .
Critics who want a more activist , growth-oriented monetary policy have tried -- albeit unsuccessfully -- to soften up the 68-year-old Dutchman with personal attacks and degrading insults .
This contrast , and a strong attack on the liberal Civic Platform , made it impossible to create a moderate right-wing coalition .
And , just as the inhuman terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 severely damaged Islam 's credibility in many people 's eyes , the invasion of Iraq , which was based on lies , has damaged both Christianity and the Western community of values .
The closer Iran gets to developing a nuclear weapon , the greater the likelihood that Israel , with or without US help , might attack Iran 's nuclear facilities .
In response to an attack , Iran might well seek to obstruct shipping in the Persian Gulf , potentially triggering oil shortages and soaring prices .
Iran could also intensify efforts to fund and arm insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan , imperiling both countries . And it could launch attacks on US , European , and Israeli targets on a global basis .
Israeli leaders must be made to understand that preemptive attacks and assassinations only increase the chance of more anti-Israeli attacks , not less .
A deadly civil war would surely ensue if the Palestinian Authority seeks to crush Palestinian militants at a time of relentless Israeli attacks and no tangible progress in the peace talks .
Any ceasefire agreement requires both parties to refrain from attacking the other .
But a ceasefire agreement to stand , it must be followed immediately with a concerted effort to produce a political solution to the issues that caused the warring parties to attack each other .
But Israel 's belief that one more assassination will cause the Palestinians to crumble , and the Palestinian belief that one more suicide attack will cause the Israelis to raise the white flag have led both sides to a dead end .
Such an agreement must end all types of military and armed attacks as well as assassinations , and it needs to be monitored by a neutral third party -- namely , the quartet -LRB- the US , the UN , the EU , and Russia -RRB- that drew up the road map , which already contains a provision for foreign monitors .
Better known by its Arabic acronym , HAMAS , Yasin 's group competed with the secular PLO groups by staging amateurish attacks on Jewish settlers and kidnapping Israeli soldiers .
During the second Palestinian Intifada , which erupted in 2000 , Hamas used its weapons and explosives to attack Israelis and create their own small protectorate .
But the more that Hamas and others attacked Israelis , the more the Israelis tightened the siege on Gaza .
Gaza and the Failure of Deterrence Every day in the Gaza Strip , strategic deterrence -- the inhibition of attack by a fear of punishment backed up by superior military power -- is being put to the test .
Yet the Palestinian resistance has responded with more rocket attacks .
Joe Stork , Human Rights Watch 's Middle East director , rejected Israel 's justification of the fuel cuts as a way to force Palestinian armed groups to stop their rocket and suicide attacks .
Notwithstanding the UN Secretary General 's statement , Israel claimed self-defense , as the air strikes followed a rocket attack from Gaza that killed an Israeli civilian in the border town of Sderot .
The international community must act quickly to force the Israelis to abandon its deterrence strategy and instead work on reaching an understanding that can result in a cessation of attacks by both sides .
Cross-border attacks , hijackings , Arab and international diplomacy , secret talks , non-violent resistance , suicide bombings , rockets , regional Arab initiatives , international peace envoys : nothing has succeeded in ending the occupation .
In 2002 , he was arrested and sentenced to a long prison term on charges that he led the Second Intifada , which had begun two years earlier , and ordered some of its military attacks .
He needs to make it clear to every armed Palestinian that there will be no tolerance for any unofficial group carrying arms or conducting military attacks from Palestinian territory .
While I believe that the occupation , rather than the reaction to it , is the main cause of our conflict , the unilateral tahdia -LRB- `` declared calm '' -RRB- decision by Palestinian militant groups has reduced anti-Israeli attacks mightily , which shows that Palestinians also realize the limits of their military actions .
Both sides should commit to an end to assassinations , shelling , bombings , and any other form of attacks on the other side 's military targets and citizens .
The Palestinian intifada , the terrorist attacks against New York and Washington in September 2001 , and the invasion of Afghanistan and Iraq propelled Al Jazeera to global influence .
Low-cost heart attack drugs for developing countries
In return , Stalin 's USSR was given a free hand to attack Finland and to occupy Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania , as well as a part of Romania .
As a result , political parties and social organizations alike attacked reform efforts .
Two weeks previously , another attack was launched against the same synagogue .
Although the FARC 's capabilities have been seriously degraded over the last six years , and its geographical dispersion has shifted away from the main population centers , a series of high-profile attacks against business and civilian targets in the main cities would suffice to shatter the impression of security in the country .
Rather , these poll numbers are a `` vote '' for the status quo ; they convey a broadly shared sense that political change is not desired , notwithstanding terrorist attacks , technological catastrophes , lawless police , or rigged elections .
If my experience is any guide , the members of the Hartwell group should expect to be attacked as heretics for questioning the Kyoto orthodoxy .
Fighter bombers and attack helicopters would be employed to intercept any counter-attacks against the flanks of the advancing columns , and to break up blocking forces .
Whatever else happens , the war will bring an all-out attack against the executioners and torturers of Iraq 's peoples .
Instead of waiting passively for sanctions , Iran 's leaders decided to start a Middle East crisis by organizing attacks against Israel .
But attacking Israel unites Muslims , and gains Arab gratitude .
Hamas acted by increasing rocket attacks on nearby Israeli territory , and by launching a raid into Israel itself , killing two soldiers and capturing another .
That is the condition Nasrallah violated by ordering an attack on an Israeli patrol nowhere near the Sheba farms and launching rockets into Israeli territory .
It ordered the withdrawal from Gaza in order to stop the cycle of violence there , on the presumption that Israeli territory proper would not be attacked .
But the possibility of attack was of course anticipated , and military planners determined that the only possible response was to counterattack as heavily and for as long as might be needed , until Palestinian attacks would stop , whether from exhaustion or agreement .
Recently , and very revealingly , two Iranian leaders threatened Israel with bombardment by Hezbollah 's rockets if Israel attacked Iran 's nuclear installations .
The Egyptians had an excellent war plan and fought well , and Syrian tanks advanced boldly , attacking in wave after wave for three days and nights .
The war ended with Israeli forces 70 miles from Cairo , and less than 20 miles from Damascus , their success obscured by the shock of the surprise attack , emotional over-reactions , and the difficulty of seeing clearly through the fog of war .
Hezbollah , however , distributed its rockets to village militias that were good at hiding them from air attacks , sheltering them from artillery , and from probing Israeli unmanned air vehicles , but that were incapable of launching them effectively in simultaneous launches against the same targets .
Although their distribution is not very wide , they are shining in the darkness like daggers , letting their comrades know who is attacking the old , strong castles . ''
Americans explain their country 's democratic backsliding by pointing to the 9\/11 terrorist attacks .
But Indonesia was attacked , too , with the bombing in Bali coming little more than a year later , on October 12 , 2002 .
Yet India continues to face many challenges : nearly 300 million people living in poverty , the spreading Naxalite insurgency , the danger of terrorist attacks ala Mumbai , and sprawling urban slums .
Its preamble , which opens with the phrase `` We , the Egyptian people , '' can be read as a scathing attack on Egypt 's current political order , and calls for an end to fear and despotism .
Since the attacks of September 2001 , the United States has managed to avoid further attacks on its land .
The attack on the towers of Babel was unexpected but not unpredictable in so far as it represented the hatred of Allah 's fanatical followers for the symbols of modernity .
Surprisingly , for such an extensive , cynically efficient cluster of humanity , the city displayed surprising civility and solidarity during and after the attacks .
Other examples come to mind : the accusations of collaboration with the secret police raised against Lech Walesa , Romania 's public controversies surrounding Mircea Eliade 's fascist past , and the attacks on the alleged `` Jewish monopoly of suffering '' which equate the Holocaust with the Soviet Gulag .
As the 9-11 terrorist attacks on the US brutally reminded us , a lethal threat need not come from equivalent military hardware .
Such tactics are aimed at confronting an enemy that is armed with the most advanced weapons systems , but is vulnerable to sabotage and asymmetrical attack , even latter-day guerilla warfare .
Throughout the PLA 's history , a chief tactic has always been to launch asymmetrical attacks on an enemy 's command and communication centers , thus obviating direct confrontations where parity in technological development would determine a clearer definition of victory and defeat .
Yet these violent acts can be viewed as a political conflict in the sense that young people are directly challenging the state by attacking its representatives .
Four times as many Kenyans as Israelis died in November 2002 in the terrorist attack on the Paradise , an Israeli hotel in my hometown of Mombasa .
In order to kill twelve Americans in an attack on the US Embassy in August 1998 , Middle Eastern terrorists killed some two hundred Kenyans in Nairobi .
Sudan bore the brunt of US retaliation , when President Bill Clinton ordered the bombing of an apparently harmless pharmaceutical factory near Khartoum as retaliation for an Osama bin Laden sponsored terrorist attack .
The terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of September , 2001 and their aftermath may exacerbate tensions not only between pro-Western and anti-Western schools of thought in Africa , but also between Christians and Muslims .
Since the attack on the Paradise hotel , Mombasa has not reverted to its ancient identity of Mvita , the Isle of War , because only a single elephant , the US , with its protégé , Israel , exists .
This threat , together with terrorist attacks in Kenya , Tanzania , Tunisia , and Morocco , has prompted the Bush administration to install military bases in the region .
They had joined the militants who had attacked a dozen security checkpoints across three southern provinces on April 28 , 2004 .
Armed mainly with machetes and kitchen knives , 106 attackers perished that day , 32 of them inside Pattani 's historic Krue-Ze mosque , where they had taken refuge .
Von Braun predicted that military forces would use orbiting platforms to observe troop movements and prevent surprise attacks .
Now , the agreement underpinning Europe 's single currency , the euro , has come under Franco-German attack .
Far-right groups infamously dubbed the attack by which at least 30,000 people were killed `` Dresden 's Holocaust of bombs . ''
The last Quadrennial Defense Review was published a few weeks after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
The belief that terrorism can not be eradicated assumes that the ability to tolerate terrorist attacks -- to `` ride out the storm '' -- is greater than the willingness of terrorists to persist , or even escalate the attacks .
This past January , China , alongside Russia , vetoed a Security Council resolution that condemned Burma 's human rights record and called on the government to stop attacks on ethnic minorities , release political prisoners , and begin a transition towards national reconciliation and democracy .
Ceausescu took aim , then fell backward when the bear , inadequately sedated , reared on its hind legs as if to attack .
Though discovery of these efforts has come too late for many tobacco smokers , documents unearthed in lawsuits have revealed concerted efforts to avoid the imposition of government regulation by attacking public health science and scientists .
Worrying signs are everywhere : the authority of the courts is undermined , the independence of the Constitutional Tribunal is attacked , the civil service corrupted , and prosecutors are politicized .
Many cancers are likely caused by chronic viral infections , another reason that it is surely more sensible to attack infectious diseases by improving access to clean water , basic sanitation , antibiotics , and vaccines than it is to build radiotherapy facilities .
Intelligence and military analysts debate how much of the violence is due to the presence of foreigners , though it is widely conceded that most of the attacks can be attributed to what American officials call `` former regime elements , '' with the Iraqi Sunni community the main pillar of the resistance .
Saddam himself fatally overplayed his cards , convinced as he was that America would not dare to attack him .
The difficult personal chemistry he has with German Chancellor Angela Merkel is reinforced by his constant attacks on the European Central Bank and its president , Jean-Claude Trichet .
In American eyes , the Kosovo war in 1999 demonstrated NATO 's glaring and myriad shortcomings , while the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , moved America still further away from the Alliance , particularly after President George W. Bush disparagingly rejected NATO 's offer of help .
The attacks on Sarkozy are very personal , and focus as much on his `` essence '' as on his performance .
A majority of Israelis would probably back a preventive attack on Iran and satisfy themselves with the preservation of the status quo in relations with the Palestinians .
The terrorist attacks on Western targets that he ordered include not only the Pan Am tragedy in Lockerbie , Scotland , but also a French UTA plane blown up over Africa .
As the world was watching the football games in Germany , North Korea was testing long-range missiles and Palestinians in the governing Hamas launched attacks on Israel that prompted a bloody invasion of Gaza .
Whenever manipulation efforts fail , cyber-attacks offer yet another powerful tool to crack down on dissent without triggering public accusations of formal censorship .
A series of cyber-attacks followed , and was so devastating that the entire service -- with its millions of other blogs -- crashed , forcing LiveJournal administrators to delete his account temporarily .
2 . Extremely low levels of trans fat intake are associated with significantly increased risk of heart disease . In our analysis of prospective studies totaling 140,000 men and women , we determined that intake of 2 % of total calories from trans fats -LRB- or 40 calories\/day , for a typical 2000 calorie\/day diet -RRB- was associated with 23 % higher risk of heart attacks or death from heart disease .
This indicates that for every 100,000 individuals suffering a heart attack or death from heart disease each year , 19,000 of these would be prevented if the average trans fat intake were reduced by approximately 40 calories\/day .
Elimination of industrial trans fats from foods , either by voluntary or legislative measures , would likely prevent tens of thousands of heart attacks each year in the U.S. and other countries .
Saddam 's attack on Iran allayed the fears of Arab regimes that Ayatollah Khomeini 's Iran would export its Islamic revolution .
Forces built to defend the European heartland from a Soviet attack are unsuitable for the kinds of operations that define today 's post-Cold War environment .
Of course , civil liberties were bound to suffer in the wake of the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
During World War II , Japan 's attack on the US was followed by the internment of more than 120,000 Japanese-Americans because of their race , including many who were born in the US .
Moreover , the United States has been squandering much of its capacity to promote human rights internationally . In responding to the terrorist attacks on its own soil on September 11 , 2001 , the US has resorted to such measures as prolonged indefinite detention without charges , trials before military commissions lacking due process safeguards , and cruel , inhuman , and degrading treatment of detainees , including torture .
It is assumed in such circumstances that the violence will be carried out by those who sympathize with the views of the person inciting hatred . An example would be a mob attack on a member of a racial or religious group in direct response to a speech urging an assault on members of that group .
In difficult circumstances , and with no cooperation from the Israeli government , Goldstone documented in substantial detail a large number of Israeli attacks that killed many hundreds of civilians , injured thousands , and destroyed a significant part of Gaza 's civilian infrastructure .
Goldstone also documented attacks against Israeli civilians by Hamas , and did not restrict himself to a discussion of the notorious rockets indiscriminately fired from Gaza .
One reason is the tremendous increase in anti-Americanism since the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . This is largely due to a widespread perception of American arrogance .
At the same time , rising anti-Americanism preceded the US response to the terrorist attacks .
Even before the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington , America 's image as a rights proponent had been tarnished , particularly in Europe , by its continued practice of capital punishment and , to a lesser degree , by its high incarceration rate -- approximately seven times the average in the European Union 's fifteen member countries .
Cameron 's attack on multiculturalism minced no words .
But Sweden 's freedom of expression was also one of the motives behind a grisly suicide attack in Stockholm in December of last year .
According to a last testament left behind by the attacker , a Swedish citizen named Taimour Abdulwahab , Christmas shoppers in downtown Stockholm had to die in retaliation for `` the Swedes ' support '' for Lars Vilks , an artist who stirred outrage in the country with drawings of the Prophet Muhammad as a dog .
During a lecture at Uppsala University last summer , a mob attacked Vilks , a professor of art history , while crying Allahu akbar .
But the government-controlled media subsequently launched fierce attacks against them , targeting Primakov especially , since he was considered a serious rival to Putin and a legitimate presidential contender .
So the government-controlled media took aim at another antagonist , the Communist Party , which apparently never expect an attack on this scale .
Having won the most votes in two consecutive Duma elections , the Party now made a serious strategic blunder , exposing itself to attack by putting a number of major businessmen -- or oligarchs -- on its candidate list .
Similarly , the Euro-Atlantic states can mobilize behind efforts to strengthen the International Atomic Energy Agency 's safeguards system , which ensures the non-diversion of peaceful nuclear programs , in order to foster cooperation on countering the threat of nuclear terrorism , and to develop new mechanisms to protect jointly critical infrastructure from cyber attack .
After the shock of the September 2001 terrorist attacks , his son , George W. Bush , developed a far more ambitious vision .
It is a longstanding method of conflict frequently defined as deliberate attack on the innocent with the objective of spreading fear .
The attacks on New York and Washington of 2001 were dramatic escalations of an age-old phenomenon .
Cellular phones were used as timers in the attacks in Madrid last March .
Because of the unprecedented scale of Al Qaeda 's attacks , the focus is properly on Islamic extremists .
In the 1970 's , the Palestinian attack on Israeli athletes at the Munich Olympics and attacks by groups like the Red Brigades galvanized world attention at the cost of dozens of lives .
The attacks on America of September 2001 cost several thousand lives .
Today , some states harbor terrorists in order to attack their enemies or because they are too weak to control powerful groups .
If a campaign to suppress terrorism is based on broad coalitions that focus on de-legitimizing attacks on innocent non-combatants , it has some prospect of success .
The metaphor of war was understandable in the aftermath of the 2001 attacks , but creates as many problems as it solves .
After the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the Bush administration launched an ambitious new policy to encourage a democratic transformation of the Middle East .
On terrorism , they break the long UN impasse over finding a definition , condemning all attacks against civilians , and propose a number of measures that member states should take .
Regarding preventive use of force , traditional interpretations of Article 51 of the UN Charter -LRB- which provides a right of self-defense -RRB- allow a threatened state to take pre-emptive action in the face of imminent attack , but not to use force preventively against longer term threats .
A state threatened by terrorist attacks originating in another state might feel less patient than a majority of the Council about what is the `` last resort . ''
Weaker countries sometimes attack when they feel backed into a corner , such as Japan did at Pearl Harbor or China did when it entered the Korean War in 1950 .
In the 1970s , the Palestinian attack on Israeli athletes at the Munich Olympics or killings by the Red Brigades cost dozens of lives .
What would happen to our willingness to live and work in cities , to real estate prices , to museums and theaters if instead of destroying two office buildings , a future attack destroys the lower half of Manhattan or the Left Bank in Paris ?
This new approach might have seemed threatened by Al Qaeda 's attacks on America , which led to a strengthening of US relations with Pakistan 's General Parvez Musharaff .
After all , British citizens in one of the world 's oldest democracies carried out the recent terrorist attacks in London .
Similarly , an American citizen carried out the worst terrorist attack in the United States before September 11 , 2001 .
After the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , Bush found his voice and the American people rallied around his presidency .
In September 2005 , another crisis , Hurricane Katrina , probably killed at least as many Americans as the terrorist attacks in 2001 , but it had the opposite effect on Bush 's poll numbers , which dropped to an all-time low .
For one thing , the September 11 attacks were by a human enemy , and despite inadequate domestic preparations for such an event , Americans ' anger was directed outward .
On the anniversary of the September 11 attacks , a unit of the New York City Police Department was helping out in New Orleans , and the city returned a fire engine that New Orleans had earlier donated as a symbol of solidarity .
The world needs a multi-faceted strategy that de-legitimizes attacks on civilians as a method of conflict ; discourages states from providing resources or safe harbor to those who use such methods ; hardens our targets at home ; denies terrorists easy access to weapons of mass destruction ; and reduces incentives to use terrorism .
Moreover , while an air strike might set back Iran 's program by a few years , it would solidify nationalist support for the government and the nuclear program , particularly because one attack would not be enough .
On September 11 , 2001 , a non-state network killed more Americans in a surprise attack than the government of Japan did at Pearl Harbor in 1941 .
Just as the fall of the Berlin Wall on November 9 , 1989 , signified the Cold War 's end , al-Qaeda 's attack on the United States opened a new epoch .
A non-governmental group killed more Americans that day than the government of Japan did with its surprise attack on another transformative date , December 7 , 1941 .
While far from perfect , the first round in the fight went to the US . Al-Qaeda lost the sanctuaries from which it planned its attacks ; many of its leaders were killed or captured ; and its central communications were severely disrupted .
The US invasion of Iraq , a country that was not connected to the 9\/11 attacks , squandered that good will , and the attractiveness of the US in Muslim countries like Indonesia plummeted from 75 % approval in 2000 to half that level today .
This became particularly important after the Al Qaeda attacks on September 11 , 2001 , shifted the focus of American foreign policy toward transnational terrorism .
Charles Krauthammer celebrated this view as `` the new unilateralism , '' and it heavily influenced the Bush administration even before the attacks on September 11 , 2001 .
In response to al-Qaeda 's terrorist attacks on the US , Vice President Dick Cheney argued that strong military action would deter further attacks .
Given the unattractiveness of choosing between a pre-emptive attack on Iran or allowing Iranian nuclear weapons to destabilize the Gulf region , Obama has pledged to conduct a broad diplomatic dialogue with Iran without the preconditions that hampered Bush .
Computer hackers attacked Georgian government Web sites in the weeks preceding the outbreak of armed conflict .
Governments have mainly been concerned about hacker attacks on their own bureaucracy 's information technology infrastructure , but there are social vulnerabilities well beyond government computers .
In an open letter to the US president in September 2007 , American professionals in cyber defense warned that `` the critical infrastructure of the United States , including electrical power , finance , telecommunications , health care , transportation , water , defense , and the Internet , is highly vulnerable to cyber attack .
In the murky world of the Internet , attackers are difficult to identify .
In today 's interconnected world , an unidentified cyber attack on non-governmental infrastructure might be severely damaging .
The control systems that electric power companies use are thought vulnerable to attack , which could shut down cities and regions for days or weeks .
Cyber attacks may also interfere with financial markets and cause immense economic loss by closing down commercial Web sites .
In 1998 , when America complained about seven Moscow Internet addresses involved in the theft of Pentagon and NASA secrets , the Russian government replied that phone numbers from which the attacks originated were inoperative .
But it was difficult to prove the source of the attack , and the Pentagon had to shut down some of its computer systems .
In 2007 , when Estonia 's government moved a World War II statue commemorating Soviet war dead , hackers retaliated with a costly denial-of-service attack that closed down Estonia 's access to the internet .
There was no way to prove whether the Russian government , a spontaneous nationalist response , or both aided this transnational attack .
Kerr described what he called `` supply chain attacks '' in which hackers not only steal proprietary information , but go further and insert erroneous data and programs in communications hardware and software -- Trojan horses that can be used to bring down systems .
Governments can hope to deter cyber attacks just as they deter nuclear or other armed attacks . But deterrence requires a credible threat of response against an attacker .
And that becomes much more difficult in a world where governments find it hard to tell where cyber attacks come from , whether from a hostile state or a group of criminals masking as a foreign government .
While an international legal code that defines cyber attacks more clearly , together with cooperation on preventive measures , can help , such arms-control solutions are not likely to be sufficient .
The terrorist attacks on New York , Washington , and now Madrid are terrible symptoms of the deep changes already occurring .
In the climate of extreme fear that followed the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the Bush administration engaged in tortured legal interpretations of international and domestic law that tarnished American democracy and diminished its soft power .
When some of the Bush administration 's more reasonable members are asked today how they could have taken the positions they did in 2002 , they cite the anthrax attacks that followed 9\/11 , the intelligence reports of an impending attack with nuclear materials , and the widespread fear of a second attack against the American people .
Preventing new terrorist attacks while understanding and avoiding the mistakes of the past will be essential if we are to preserve and support liberal democracy both at home and abroad .
During the Cold War , the US was able to defend Berlin because our promise to do so was made credible by the NATO alliance and the presence of American troops , whose lives would be on the line in the event of a Soviet attack .
And now technology has brought a new dimension to warfare : the prospect of cyber attacks , by which an enemy -- state or non-state -- can create enormous physical destruction -LRB- or threaten to do so -RRB- without an army that physically crosses another state 's border .
The presence of civilians , many of whom had to be evacuated , made North Korea 's attack even more provocative than its sinking in March of the South Korean warship Cheonan , which killed 46 sailors .
In the climate of extreme fear that followed the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the Bush administration 's tortured legal interpretations of international and domestic law tarnished American democracy and diminished its soft power .
When some of the more reasonable members of the Bush administration are asked today how they could have taken the positions that they did in 2002 , they cite the anthrax attacks that followed 9\/11 , the intelligence reports of an impending attack with nuclear materials , and widespread public fear of a second attack .
Preventing new terrorist attacks while understanding and avoiding the mistakes of the past will be essential if we are to preserve and support liberal democracy both at home and abroad .
CAMBRIDGE -- Al Qaeda 's attack on the United States ten years ago was a profound shock to both American and international public opinion .
No more large-scale attacks have occurred inside the US , and everyday life has recovered well .
Al Qaeda killed more Americans on 9\/11 than the attack by the government of Japan did at Pearl Harbor in 1941 .
During the Cold War , the US had been even more vulnerable , in technological terms , to a nuclear attack from Russia , but `` mutual assured destruction '' prevented the worst by keeping vulnerability more or less symmetrical .
Moreover , many Muslims misread the term as an attack on Islam , which was not America 's intent , but fit Bin Laden 's efforts to tarnish perceptions of the US in key Muslim countries .
Hamas and other armed groups , I know , have launched rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip that have killed civilians in Israeli towns and villages .
Even so , the violence , driven by impoverished northern youth , first targeted the region 's own idle and self-serving rich before degenerating into tit-for-tat attacks between northern Muslims and their Christian counterparts .
Indeed , The Economist drew attention recently to the region 's volatility , with militancy on the rise among the young and attacks on civilians and security forces increasingly common .
It was Nigeria 's first suicide bombing , and the audacity and ferocity of the attack have thrown government officials and citizens alike into panic mode .
Yusuf has since become a martyr , and daily attacks on hotels , bars , churches , and schools are usually followed with admonitions to Nigerians to shun the Western way of life .
They also want the government to rebuild houses , mosques , and Islamic schools destroyed during the 2009 attack .
The increasing sophistication of the attacks on public buildings has led to speculation that the sect is linked to international terrorist networks , probably Al Qaeda in the Maghreb or Al Shabab in Somalia .
In January 2006 , the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta -LRB- MEND -RRB- , a violent organization led by angry Delta youth , began to attack oil installations and the soldiers guarding them .
The far-reaching and unintended consequences for the world of the terrorist attacks of September 11th are , of course , a key cause here .
Other repercussions from those attacks remain as yet invisible .
Rather than attacking Communist rule directly , we would create small islands of freedom , inter-connected social circles and associations , which , when the moment came , could all be connected in order to change the system .
Without doubt , those willing to strike -- either alone or in a coalition -- have a range of options , ranging from naval and air blockades to targeted raids , sabotage inside the country , and massive attack from without .
The repercussions of bombing Iran should be clear : closure of the Straits of Hormuz , skyrocketing oil prices , possible retaliation against Israel -LRB- regardless of the origin of the attack -RRB- , and even greater turmoil in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Most Israelis -- even those hoping to see , in their lifetime , an independent and prosperous Palestine -- agree that the attack on Hamas was necessary .
Israel 's Debacle at Sea HAIFA -- Israel was dead wrong in launching an attack by naval commandos against a flotilla carrying pro-Palestinian activists who were making an attempt to break the Israeli-Egyptian siege of Gaza .
This deviant logic has expanded Israel 's justifiable acts of self-defense -LRB- such as targeting rocket launchers in Gaza and Lebanon -RRB- into all-out attacks .
But you empathize with his position : you will be pilloried in the same way if you do n't nail down your theory with the best arguments possible and marginalize your opponents so that they have neither theological nor scientific reasons to attack you .
Although 53 % of US Muslims think that life is more difficult since the terrorist attacks of 2001 , most think that this is the fault of the government , not their neighbors .
Oriana Fallaci published a long rant along this line shortly after the attacks .
Sticking to half-measures exacerbates markets ' impatience and provokes increasingly determined speculative attacks , not only on the weaker peripheral countries , but also on core AAA-rated countries -- like France and , eventually , Germany itself -- whose banking sectors hold large volumes of peripheral countries ' debt .
As a result , fiscal consolidation becomes increasingly difficult to achieve , inviting renewed speculative attacks .
Easy applause can no longer be had by attacking big business or the IMF .
Third , as usual , Israel has accused of anti-Semitism those who have dared to criticize its disproportionate response to Hamas 's indefensible rocket attacks and its collective punishment of Palestinians .
By that standard , does my unqualified criticism of Hamas 's rocket attacks make me an Islamophobe ?
Coincidentally , the deadly attack on Gaza came at the same time that a clutch of America 's most distinguished would-be Middle East peacemakers published books about how the task should properly be tackled .
And I suppose that it is conceivable that it could still happen with the help of welcome new mediators like Qatar and Turkey , whose prime minister called Israel 's attack `` a serious crime against humanity . ''
Second , he and his administration were so busy trying to build consensus that they watered down some of the vital ingredients of the stimulus package , and failed to defend it robustly from Republican attack .
One draws an analogy with Pearl Harbor , Japan 's attack on the US in 1941 .
China 's clash with Google and US protests at cyber attacks on American targets remind the outside world , as well as America 's media and political elites , of the difference in values between the two countries .
The grand old Taj deserves all the business it is getting , after being the target of a terrorist attack in 2008 .
Before attacking the allegedly foreign BP , American politicians might also pause for a moment to reflect on the intimate links between politics and the oil industry in the United States .
We noticed the long-running horror story again when the Israeli Defense Forces attacked a Turkish flotilla , carrying relief supplies , in May , with nine civilian fatalities .
It is this God that atheists like Dawkins and Hitchens attack .
Second , it is McCain whom the Democrats should attack .
But advanced nations , too , can fall victim to surprise attack -- as happened last year when the first outbreak of West Nile virus in North America killed seven New Yorkers .
Warmer winters in normally chilly areas may reduce cold-related heart attacks and respiratory ailments .
He did not attack Great Britain , Spain , or Italy for their pro-American stance as he did for the East Europeans , which made his remarks sound all the more jarring to the ears of people in the candidate countries .
Ruling coalitions were at the same time in disadvantageous positions vis-à-vis opposition parties , which attacked the incumbents for failing to negotiate good membership terms , without themselves having to pass the test of negotiating better conditions .
Affirmative action programs , of course , have always been vulnerable to attack by those who ca n't benefit from them .
Thaksin initially dismissed the violent attacks as the work of bandits . Only late last year did he admit that southern Muslim separatism was the cause .
If the attacks widen beyond the three southernmost provinces of Yala , Pattani , and Narathiwat , Thaksin 's regional leadership chances will be dimmed .
Other catastrophic risks include natural epidemics -LRB- the 1918-1919 Spanish influenza killed between 20 million and 40 million people -RRB- , nuclear or biological attacks by terrorists , certain types of lab accidents , and abrupt global warming .
Few weapons in the terrorist 's arsenal are as devastating as suicide bombing -- or as poorly understood , for serious analysis has apparently given way to the desire to avoid conferring on the attackers any legitimacy whatsoever .
The first includes the perpetrators of the attacks on the United States in 2001 , the Bali bombing in 2002 , the Madrid train bombing in 2003 , and the London bombings in the summer of 2005 .
But how justified are these attacks , particularly the attacks on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the United Nations body that has set the gold standard for analyzing global climate change ?
This raises the spectre of street fighting through Baghdad , desperate use of biological or chemical weapons , an attack to draw in Israel , numerous military and civilian deaths and the further destruction of a ravaged society .
We need no longer address the first - that he was behind the attacks of September 2001 on the US .
The meaning was clear to all : Weimar Russia , like Weimar Germany , signified a weak republic attacked from within by nationalists yearning to restore authoritarian ways .
And , in mid-November , London 's Sunday Times reported that Israel put defenses around its Dimona nuclear reactor on `` red alert '' 30 times , as worries grew that Syria would avenge Israel 's September attack on a suspected nuclear site in Syria .
But raids never generated significant radiological consequences , because plants were under construction , contained inconsequential amounts of nuclear material , had radioactive elements removed prior to the attack , or because the attacker missed the mark .
In May 1984 , after I authored a book about the consequences of military attacks on nuclear facilities , an Israeli intelligence officer came to California to question me about the vulnerability of the reactor and a proposed nuclear power plant .
Hezbollah 's bombardment of northern Israel in 2006 , further demonstrated the country 's vulnerability to missile attack .
So , if Israel can not guarantee the plant 's defense against attack , it should close it .
Lack of confidence in Treaty enforcement inspired three instances of military vigilantism : Israel 's strike on Osirak in 1981 , its attack on Syria 's suspect site in 2007 , and Washington 's 2003 invasion of Iraq .
Over the years `` avoiding ... the ultimate consequences '' through limitations butted against the bitter legacy of the surprise attacks suffered by both the US and Russia in World War II .
Unlike the attack on Syria 's nuclear plant , Israel 's conventional forces do not have the capacity to destroy Iran 's suspect installations .
Given its efforts to fend off an attack , Iran represents a far more difficult target for Israel than Iraq and Syria did .
But nuclear attack carries its own heavy burden .
During the past decade -- particularly since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States -- Westerners have generally considered international terrorism to be the most urgent threat to human security .
At the same time , developing countries have continued to grapple with the persistence of mass poverty , endemic disease , malnutrition , environmental degradation , and gross income inequity , all of which have caused a degree of human suffering that far exceeds what has been caused by terrorist attacks .
Indeed , a fundamental lesson of terrorist attacks and insurgencies , we now know , is that no nation , however self-sufficient , can afford to remain heedless of whether others sink or swim .
Indeed , given extremist violence in Sri Lanka -LRB- Tamil Tigers -RRB- , West Bengal -LRB- Naxalites -RRB- , Bangladesh -LRB- Islamic fundamentalists -RRB- , Southern Thailand -LRB- Islamic separatists -RRB- , Java -LRB- Jemaah Islamiyah -RRB- , and Basilan -LRB- Abu Sayyaf -RRB- , the possibility that Al Qaeda and its satellites are plotting attacks elsewhere , especially against soft targets , poses a real danger to the region .
But there is a major obstacle to easing tensions : the proposed $ 6.5 billion sale by the United States to Taiwan of 30 Apache attack helicopters and 330 Patriot missiles .
Both EU and NATO membership make war among European member states unthinkable , and an attack on even the smallest NATO member would bring a response from all NATO members .
The months since the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington have been characterized by intense transatlantic debate .
They will thus be net security contributors rather than mere consumers , making our Alliance even stronger . Deepening Partnerships : The attacks of `` 9\/11 '' were masterminded by a Saudi who lived in Central Asia , planned by people from the Eastern and Southern shores of the Mediterranean living in Western Europe , and carried out in North America .
It was Henry Kissinger who argued after the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of 2001 that tragedy could be turned into opportunity .
A heightened security agenda since the attacks on the United States in September 2001 has included attempts to legitimize the use of `` extraordinary rendition '' -LRB- the movement between countries of prisoners and suspects without due process of law -RRB- and torture .
It referred only to `` the grave violations of human rights in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , particularly due to the recent Israeli military attacks , '' and called for a mission to investigate `` all violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law by the occupying power , Israel , against the Palestinian people . ''
Both the Palestinians and the Israelis are legitimately angered at the lives that they are forced to lead : For the Palestinians , the anger about individual events -- the civilian casualties , injuries and destruction in Gaza following from military attacks , the blockade , the continued construction of the Wall outside of the 1967 borders -- feed into an underlying anger about the continuing Israeli occupation , its daily humiliations and their as-yet-unfulfilled right to self-determination .
For the Israelis , the public statements of Palestinian armed groups celebrating rocket and mortar attacks on civilians strengthen a deep-rooted concern that negotiation will yield little and that their nation remains under existential threat from which only it can protect its people .
While these worries hardly amount to the full frontal attack mounted by the likes of Joseph Stiglitz , the Nobel-prize winning economist , they still constitute a remarkable turnaround in the intellectual climate .
Nevertheless , the directors ' lobbying organizations -- such as the Business Roundtable and the Chamber of Commerce -LRB- and their lawyers -RRB- -- attacked the SEC 's initiative .
It was the speculators whose blood flowed in the streets when they attacked Hong Kong 's dollar peg in 1998 .
The overwhelming consensus in the policy community is that if only the government had bailed out Lehman , the whole thing would have been a hiccup and not a heart attack . Famous investors and leading policymakers alike have opined that in our ultra-interconnected global economy , a big financial institution like Lehman can never be allowed to fail .
In July , amidst the turmoil surrounding the judicial flip-flopping on his candidacy , busloads of his followers -- including paramilitaries armed with machetes and guns -- entered the capital and attacked groups of people critical of the general .
One journalist , Hector Ramirez , died of a heart attack while fleeing from the mob ; others narrowly escaped lynching .
Until credibility is re-established , the risk of a speculative attack on public debt -- reflected in the current rise in credit default swap spreads -- would linger , given the ongoing budget deficit and the need to roll over maturing debt .
There are also the political and economic turmoil in Pakistan and the risk of a rise in cyber-attacks -- for example , in retaliation for criminal proceedings against WikiLeaks .
Guerrilla attacks on coalition soldiers show that no neat line separates `` before '' and `` after . ''
Indeed , the coincidence of the NATO bombing in 1999 with the indictment of Milosevic helped convert both events into `` attacks on the Serbian people . ''
Whereas the airstrikes in Libya were mandated to protect civilians from imminent attack , in Kony 's case the sole stated operational objective is his removal from the battlefield , so that he can be brought to justice at the International Criminal Court in The Hague .
Given America 's reluctance to join the ICC -LRB- or to bring its own torturers to justice in US courts -RRB- , such a role would be vulnerable to both international and domestic political attack .
Today , most Israelis believe that this step , though justified on strategic grounds in the face of constant attacks by the Lebanese group Hizbollah , convinced Palestinians that violence worked .
In the same manner , a withdrawal from Gaza , many people worry , will bring increased anarchy there and a rise in overall terrorist attacks .
Assuming that terrorist attacks against Israel are going to continue under any circumstances , he seeks to improve the country 's strategic position to handle this war .
Will it be able to put together an effective governmental authority to rule the Gaza Strip , or will that area dissolve into bloody battles among Palestinian factions and a staging area for attacks into Israel that will bring reprisal raids ?
It is disastrous because it courts defeat by attacking superior forces : the 1967 Six Day War , Saddam Hussein 's challenge to the United States and his attack on Iran , Yasir Arafat 's fighting an endless battle in which he was always defeated , and so on .
But even if international institutions or Lebanon do nothing , Israel will attack any Hizballah forces trying to get close enough to cross the border or fire rockets at Israeli civilians .
Indeed , the only difference between Hamas and al-Qaeda -- though the two groups do not generally work together -- is that the latter emphasizes attacks on Western targets , while the former has until now focused on Israel .
Israel will feel free to retaliate for cross-border attacks and continuing rocket fire at civilian targets within the country .
No one believes that Palestinian leader Abu Mazin can or will do anything to stop such attacks .
From a security standpoint , the occupied territories constituted critical terrain for defending Israel against an attack on its borders by Arab states ' armies .
Last week marked the third anniversary of the commencement of Operation Enduring Freedom , the day America resolved to take the battle to the extremists themselves - and we attacked al-Qaeda and the Taliban in Afghanistan .
His network was dispersed throughout the world and had been attacking American interests for years .
They attack any sort of hope or progress to try to undermine morale .
They plan and design headline-grabbing attacks using every means of communications to intimidate and break the collective will of free people .
They know that communications transcend borders , and that a single news story , handled skillfully , can be as damaging to our cause -- and as helpful to theirs -- as any military attack .
In the wake of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , President George W. Bush helped fashion and lead the largest coalition in history -- 80-plus nations -- to fight the global war on terror .
Elsewhere he attacks religion directly : `` The kinds of views of the universe which religious people have traditionally embraced have been puny , pathetic , and measly in comparison to the way the universe actually is .
While President George W. Bush believes that he has protected Americans by `` taking the war to the enemy , '' more than 1,700 Americans have died in the Iraq war , which also has provoked terrorist attacks on US allies .
The September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in the US provided the green light , not the underlying motivation .
The American military can protect the US from conventional military attack , and it can keep the high seas open , ensuring the flow of oil and other vital commodities .
Citizens versus Extreme Poverty Twenty years ago , a grass-roots movement led by Rotary International , a voluntary organization with around 1.2 million members in more than 200 countries , decided to attack .
Sometimes this involves a terrorist attack by radical Palestinians against Israeli civilians , in the hope of provoking an exaggerated violent response from Israel that breaks the process of trust building among moderates on both sides .
The extremists have been able to block peace because any attack from one side has systematically provoked a violent counterattack from the other .
Violent Palestinians , for their part , propagandize that Israel will lose its nerve in the face of another terrorist attack .
The US then backed Saddam Hussein in his attack on Iran , until the US ended up attacking Saddam himself .
Today 's financial crisis has its immediate roots in 2001 , amid the end of the Internet boom and the shock of the September 11 terrorist attacks .
The Phony Attack on Climate Science NEW YORK -- In the weeks before and after the Copenhagen climate change conference last December , the science of climate change came under harsh attack by critics who contend that climate scientists have deliberately suppressed evidence -- and that the science itself is severely flawed .
The global public is disconcerted by these attacks .
The fact is that the critics -- who are few in number but aggressive in their attacks -- are deploying tactics that they have honed for more than 25 years .
What is amazing is that , although these attacks on science have been wrong for 30 years , they still sow doubts about established facts .
The latest round of attacks involves two episodes .
They claimed that scientists were fabricating evidence in order to obtain government research grants -- a ludicrous accusation , I thought at the time , given that the scientists under attack have devoted their lives to finding the truth , and have certainly not become rich relative to their peers in finance and business .
But then I recalled that this line of attack -- charging a scientific conspiracy to drum up `` business '' for science -- was almost identical to that used by The Wall Street Journal and others in the past , when they fought controls on tobacco , acid rain , ozone depletion , second-hand smoke , and other dangerous pollutants .
Racism and anti-immigrant sentiments are an important part of the attack on the poor , or at least the reason why so many are willing to heed the propaganda against helping the poor .
In France , Nicolas Sarkozy 's government has tried to regain popularity with the working class by deporting Roma migrants , a target of widespread hatred and ethnic attacks .
Despite the understandably heightened rhetoric , America was hit by a massive terrorist attack , not the first war of the 21st century .
The biggest mistake would be to launch a war in response to a terrorist attack -- the kind of response that sent the world into World War I following the terrorist assassination of Archduke Ferdinand in Sarajevo .
Part of the slowdown relates to the terrorist attacks of September 11th , but it is becoming clear that America 's economy , and other economies linked to the US through trade and production networks , were sliding into recession before September .
After the disastrous month of September , when terrorist attacks and retaliation contributed to storm clouds over the global economy , November demonstrated the resilience of globalization .
The terrorist attacks in America and the war against the Taliban have incited wide speculation about the relationship between culture and economic development .
The decline in cross-border flows intensified after the September 11 attacks last year .
Rumsfeld 's juvenile attack on `` old Europe '' no doubt helped bring millions into the streets .
Palestinian suicide bombings and Israeli attacks against Palestinian leaders came with such speed and ferocity that determining who was striking first and who was counterattacking became impossible .
Arab extremists launched attacks against Israelis civilians , in part to show moderates on both sides that compromise would not stick .
Palestinian Prime Minister Abu Mazen has called on Palestinian extremists to disarm , or at least to accept a prolonged cease-fire , but they have responded with more terrorist attacks .
Israel 's government , meanwhile , has gone out of its way to attack Palestinian hard-line groups , causing more death , damage , and bitter feelings .
Would it stick to its long-term mission in the face of inevitable attacks ?
But such a regime will never have legitimacy , and will be subject to assassinations , political upheaval , and terrorist attacks .
These responses to terrorist attacks resonate well with US public opinion .
After the terrorist attacks on the US of September 2001 , it wanted to withdraw troops from Saudi Arabia , and it presumably chose Iraq as its new long-term base of operation .
The US is seen by many Iraqis as a colonial occupier , and is therefore the target of attack not only by loyalists of Saddam Hussein , but by Iraqi nationalists of various sorts , as well as by Arab fighters from neighboring countries .
The attacks against the US occupation are destroying the Iraqi economy as well as lives .
The attackers have successfully stopped the flow of a large part of Iraq 's oil exports .
This implies that if Iraq increased its oil exports by one million barrels a day -- which it could quickly achieve with a cessation of attacks on its infrastructure -- it would have around $ 10 billion per year in additional revenues to begin reconstruction .
Focusing on terrorism to the exclusion of other issues , and emphasizing the military response to it , will not bring prosperity and peace , or even a significant reduction in the number of attacks .
Fear leads one group to coalesce in order to protect itself , perhaps by attacking a competing group .
All of this matters now because last year America launched a war in which a terrorist attack was also an excuse , not the real cause .
The Bush administration wanted to fight Saddam Hussein well before the terrorist attacks on the US of September 11 , 2001 , but it could not have gained public support .
Just as Fromkin shows with regard to Germany in 1914 , the Bush administration manipulated US public opinion to support the Iraq War as a war on terror , even though Iraq had nothing to do with any terrorist attack against the US .
We know from a long trail of documents , memoirs , and interviews that the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 were a pretext .
But the majority of Americans , having supported the tax cuts in Bush 's first term because it gave them a little extra cash , do not support the attack on basic government services that has followed .
Hezbollah and its main backer , Iran , were motivated by two concerns : fear of the next Israeli attack , which Hezbollah believes is inevitable , and concern over Syrian-Israeli peace talks that , if successful , could leave Hezbollah without its main bridge to Iran . Hezbollah has been rearming and redeploying since the 2006 war ; the actions of May further consolidate its position in and around Beirut .
Morever , by resuscitating the weak institutions of the Lebanese state , Hezbollah gains important political protection from external attack .
It will be hard for Israel to launch a large-scale attack on Hezbollah if it is participating in a semi-stable Lebanese state headed by an internationally recognized president , with a pro-Western prime minister and a democratically elected parliament , teeming with tourists , and buffered by 10,000 UNIFIL troops in the south .
Although the March 14 coalition already controlled Parliament , its majority had been repeatedly attacked as the result of a severely skewed election law .
A victory for the March 8 alliance also would have strengthened Israel 's argument that Hezbollah dominates Lebanon , leaving the country more exposed to attack .
With a March 14 victory , Hezbollah is more secure vis-à-vis Israeli attack or international isolation , can worry less about managing Lebanon 's economy and finances , and can maintain its alliance with Aoun without delivering him the Moon .
Dhaka University 's residential halls were particularly targeted . Up to 700 students were killed in a single attack on Jagannath Hall .
Militants have also attacked non-governmental organizations , particularly those located in the undeveloped tribal Northern Areas that lie beyond the writ of Pakistani law .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and subsequent pressure from Washington , led to a U-turn by Pakistan away from pro-jihadi policies .
This ongoing discussion of the various candidates ' merits and drawbacks recalls how airplanes protect themselves from missile attacks by launching a false target .
While China no longer promises the North military support -LRB- except in the event of external attack -RRB- , `` consultations '' are pledged .
It is anxious to see a US-North Korea dialogue begin , one capable of alleviating the North 's anxieties about an American attack and America 's concerns about a renewed nuclear program .
In Afghanistan , for example , national systems for friendly-force tracking , which are vital to preventing accidental attacks on one 's own forces or allies , are not compatible .
Indeed , surges of organized anger when China is attacked or insulted are hardly new .
The reaction of China 's leaders to the America 's accidental attack on China 's embassy in Belgrade in 1998 , and to the collision of an American spy plane with a Chinese plane over the Pacific , was to permit , if not foment , large anti-foreign demonstrations .
It was abundantly evident in the run-up to the Games how important it was to Chinese everywhere to show themselves to advantage . One got a sense of this when China 's reputation and the Games ' status came under attack during the Tibetan demonstrations and protests against the Olympic torch as it made its tortured progress around the world .
He has regularly defended the Palestinians ' rights to a state , but he also condemned Hamas 's rocket attacks on southern Israel .
Two men from the Caucasus are on their way to the metro , and are attacked by a group of adolescents with knives .
Russian authorities tend to play down these attacks as the acts of rowdies -- even when the perpetrators are caught and can be prosecuted .
After all , these attacks generally do n't occur in some dark alleyway .
A Chechen friend of mine and her 14-year-old son were attacked in the street by three drunken skinheads .
While there has been no lack of speeches calling for tolerance and condemning racist and anti-Semitic attacks , the situation barely changes .
The attacks therefore are directed in equal measure against people from the Asian former Soviet republics , Africa , and the Far East , as well as Russian citizens from the Caucasus or who belong to one of Russia 's more than 90 national minorities .
So long as the USSR did not stage a military attack , containment 's reliance on economic sticks and carrots , competition within the world communist movement , intelligence and diplomacy , and promoting the vitality of the capitalist democracies would guarantee security .
Instead , defenders of the contemporary equivalent of `` rollback '' advocate attacking Iran because it is developing nuclear weapons .
This makes about as much sense as it would to attack China in the 1950 's .
A Greek petrochemical carrier was seized , and another attacked , as was an Iranian oil tanker .
Under their protection , not a single ship has come under attack , ensuring the uninterrupted flow of assistance .
The US certainly has a right to curb terrorists like those who staged the attack on September 11 , 2001 .
But the `` war on terror '' did not warrant the decision to attack a sovereign state and topple its government on the flawed presumption that it housed weapons of mass destruction and was linked to the 2001 attacks .
Moscow 's sleepy political summer has been stirred by a Kremlin attack , initiated by President Vladimir Putin 's closest aides , on Russia 's leading oligarch and the country 's richest man -- Michael Khodorkovsky , the principal shareholder of the oil company Yukos .
Equally unclear is why Khodorkovsky , the oligarch who has gone the farthest in making his business modern and transparent , the target of attack ?
But this does not explain why they attacked Khodorkovsky rather than some other businessman with a shady past .
One clue as to why they attacked Russia 's richest man is the fact that Khodorkovsky is the first oligarch to help the country 's liberal parties as opposed to the ruling party of power , to support independent mass media , and to provide money to lawyers and legal assistants .
The attack on Khodorkovsky clearly demonstrates that prosecutors and courts can readily be manipulated by the politically powerful .
Frightened by the attack on Khodorkovsky , Russian businessmen worry that success will bring harrassment from the Kremlin .
So the summer attack on the Russian oligarchs may turn out to be a litmus test that reveals not only Putin 's ability to control the oligarchs , but also the retrograde interests of his closest aides .
But the roadmap stipulates that additional measures are to be taken by Palestinian authorities , including arresting individuals planning or carrying out violent attacks and the `` dismantlement of terrorist capabilities and infrastructure , '' including confiscating illegal weapons from armed groups .
After the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in the US , many Americans drove to distant locations rather than fly , even though statistics showed that flying remained far safer .
Ever since the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the US military has gained an outsize voice in the formulation of US foreign policy .
Overnight , Warangal was converted to a cotton-growing district based on non-renewable hybrids that require irrigation and are prone to pest attacks .
Our NATO allies launched proportionate military operations aimed at denying Col. Muammar Qaddafi 's regime the means to attack civilian targets .
Ten years later , it is clear that the fanatics behind those attacks miscalculated in two central respects .
Across Europe and in America , new arrangements have been set up to pool information about possible terrorist attacks and take the speedy -LRB- and sometimes robust -RRB- action needed to prevent or disrupt them .
The 9\/11 terrorists ' second blunder was to believe that their terrorist attacks would inspire irresistible surge in anti-Western Islamist extremism .
Yet , since 9\/11 , most victims of Islamist-inspired terrorist extremism -- often in the vile form of suicide attacks -- have been Muslims , in Iraq , Pakistan , and elsewhere .
In the modern era of automated payments , the upheaval might come from a terrorist attack that undermines the computerized transfer facilities of the world 's banking system .
In an essay he wrote for In Defense of Animals , a book I edited that appeared in 2006 , he wrote , `` No realistic level of guerilla attacks of the kind carried out by the Animal Liberation Front could have hurt the battery farming industry as much as the new Austrian law does . ''
In her debate with Biden , Palin actually attacked Obama for saying that , in her words , `` All we 're doing in Afghanistan is air-raiding villages and killing civilians . ''
But the incident raises broader questions : was the attack deliberate ?
It also published a list of Web sites that the Australian government proposed blocking , the extreme-right British National Party 's membership roll , an analysis of a major Icelandic bank 's default risk , and video footage of a US helicopter attack in Baghdad that killed 12 people , including a Reuters journalist and photographer .
MELBOURNE -- The world has watched in horror as Libya 's Colonel Muammar el-Qaddafi uses his military to attack protesters opposed to his rule , killing hundreds or possibly thousands of unarmed civilians .
Yet the Security Council resolution contains no mention of the possibility of military intervention -- not even the imposition of a no-fly zone over Libya to prevent Qaddafi from using planes to attack protesters .
The target of the attack , Al Qaeda 's number two man , Ayman al-Zawahiri , was not among the dead , although lesser figures in the terrorist organization reportedly were .
Bush did not apologize for the attack , nor did he reprimand those who ordered it .
Senator Trent Lott , a conservative Republican -- and a prominent opponent of abortion -- said of the attack : `` Absolutely , we should do it . ''
In Iraq , too , American attacks have taken the lives of many civilians .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives .
Other moralists will say that the difference between destroying embryos for research purposes and killing civilians in military attacks is that the former is deliberate killing , whereas the latter deaths are `` collateral damage '' -- unintended , if foreseeable , side-effects of a justifiable act of war .
We can grant that it was not the primary intention of those who planned and authorized the attack on Damadola to kill innocent people .
Perhaps this particular attack can be justified on those grounds .
The horrendous terrorist attacks on America , seemingly perpetrated by the extreme ideology of religious jihad , has brought the two liberal democracies closer than ever before .
Taseer 's assassination , unlike that of Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi by her bodyguards in 1984 , was not a retaliatory revenge attack .
In the third quarter of 2008 , the Ifo index for Asia was at its lowest level since the attack on the World Trade Center in 2001 , with particularly poor economic assessments coming from Japan .
The EU 's maneuvers may stabilize Europe in the short run and help it to withstand better the current speculative attacks on some of the euro countries ' government bonds , but they risk long-term destabilization .
This new critique of capitalism recently culminated in a series of attacks by the leader of the Social Democratic Party , Franz Müntefering .
These attacks brought Müntefering vast public support and triggered a major debate .
The real conflict ignited by the terrorist attacks is not between Islam and an American-led , Judeo-Christian `` crusade . ''
The more corrupt the system of capitalism , the more vulnerable it is to attack .
Meanwhile , Bashir , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack his enemies .
Krugman 's heavy pounding of Chicago School economics goaded Cochrane , a professor of finance , into some bad-tempered counter-punching on the university 's Web site , much of which consisted of a personal attack on Krugman 's scientific integrity .
When he gets around to economics , Cochrane aims his blows at two points : Krugman 's attack on the `` efficient market theory '' and his advocacy of `` fiscal stimulus '' for depressed economies .
But the attack on it will never succeed unless policy Keynesians like Krugman are willing to work out the implications of irreducible uncertainty for economic theory .
In short , when the power of money is under attack , a party that represents money will have a harder time .
But that is the weakest line of attack .
If the attack persists , speculators can force a government to default on its debt , unless it can find a way to finance its borrowing more cheaply .
So what is the role of elected politicians in the face of a speculative attack ?
But scientists themselves are partly responsible , because they have hardened uncertainties into probabilities , treated disputable propositions as matters of fact , and attacked dissent as heresy .
Unhappy with the capitalist consumer society that was metastasizing all around them , West European and American students attacked the system from far-left positions .
Mendacity in the Communist press , which distorted the protests ' meaning and personally attacked student leaders , inflamed matters more .
After the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , President Bush embarked on a unilateral foreign policy .
Fundamentalist Islamic groups , indeed , raised the most consistent challenge to Megawati 's `` secular '' government even before the attacks on America .
The first objective of intelligence is to find terrorists , prevent them from acting , and track them after they do attack .
Member states also need intelligence derived from ongoing casework , not to inform policy , at least not directly , but to disrupt and dismantle networks and prevent attacks .
From Kabul to Pristina , from Ramallah to Kinshasa , the EU is monitoring borders , overseeing peace agreements , training police forces , building up criminal justice systems and protecting shipping from pirate attacks .
Who would have guessed 10 years ago that the EU would one day lead a taskforce of 13 frigates in the Indian Ocean that would cut the success rate of pirate attacks by half ?
Last summer , I took an informal poll at a meeting of Wall Street investors to find out whether they would condone the use of torture to prevent a terrorist attack .
Indeed , since September 2001 , the war on terror has claimed more innocent victims than those terrorist attacks .
The war on terror is an aberration . America must defend itself against terrorist attacks , but that can not be allowed to become the overarching objective of its existence .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , required a strong response .
Bush convinced people that he is good for American security by playing on the fears generated by the 9\/11 attacks .
That plot , which could have claimed more victims than the 9\/11 attacks , was foiled by the vigilance of the British intelligence authorities . Clearly , it wo n't be the last .
Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri are still at large , and we need to focus on finding them if we are to prevent attacks like the one foiled in England .
The Bush administration 's response to the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 -- declaring a War on Terror and treating criticism as unpatriotic -- succeeded in gathering public support , yet the results were the exact opposite to what the Bush administration intended , both for itself and the United States .
While `` just wars '' seem to be back , international law has also come to condemn waging aggressive -LRB- `` unjust '' -RRB- war as a punishable crime , with the consequence that every warring party now declares its wars to be a defense against foreign attack , much as Hitler did in 1939 .
-LRB- Indeed , all war ministries have become `` defense ministries , '' leaving one to wonder against whom a country must be defended if there are no longer any attackers . -RRB-
As a result , `` China is being attacked by imported inflation . ''
By contrast , the army 's decision to allow Mubarak loyalists -- some riding camels or horses -- to charge into Cairo 's Tahrir Square and attack thousands of anti-government demonstrators was a classic `` military as government '' move .
But the auditing firms and their corporate clients - not surprisingly , given the cabal that developed - roundly attacked his proposal for separating consulting from auditing .
But regulators and supervisors are fallible , which is why we need to attack the problems from all sides .
For the EU 's smaller countries , the lesson is clear : if they do not reduce their budget deficits , there is a high risk of a speculative attack , with little hope for adequate assistance from their neighbors , at least not without painful and counterproductive pro-cyclical budgetary restraints .
The euro was an interesting experiment , but , like the almost-forgotten exchange-rate mechanism -LRB- ERM -RRB- that preceded it and fell apart when speculators attacked the British pound in 1992 , it lacks the institutional support required to make it work .
But harsh words have not been followed by a strong counter-attack .
NEW YORK -- The September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks by Al Qaeda were meant to harm the United States , and they did , but in ways that Osama bin Laden probably never imagined .
President George W. Bush 's response to the attacks compromised America 's basic principles , undermined its economy , and weakened its security .
The attack on Afghanistan that followed the 9\/11 attacks was understandable , but the subsequent invasion of Iraq was entirely unconnected to Al Qaeda -- as much as Bush tried to establish a link .
Al Qaeda , while not conquered , no longer appears to be the threat that loomed so large in the wake of the 9\/11 attacks .
By contrast , the direct costs of a military attack on Saddam Hussein 's regime will be minuscule in terms of total US government spending .
I believe some of the inequities of the past can be addressed without any direct attack on `` property rights , '' no matter how dubiously acquired .
Four years after the terrorist attacks of September 2001 , and with billions of dollars allegedly spent on `` preparedness '' for another emergency , America has shown the world that it was not prepared -- even for an event that came with ample warning .
In August 2001 , just before the terrorist attacks on America , the US government vetoed an OECD effort to limit secret bank accounts .
By contrast , inflation `` hawks '' argue that inflation must be attacked preemptively .
Especially when it comes to diseases in developing countries , it would make sense for some of the prize money to come from foreign assistance budgets , as few contributions could do more to improve the quality of life , and even productivity , than attacking the debilitating diseases that are so prevalent in many developing countries .
When a Chinese government security official recently accused followers of the Dalai Lama of organizing suicide attacks -- merely the most extreme of a barrage of allegations against the `` Dalai clique '' -- it was as though the Cultural Revolution were still raging .
A recent opinion poll in Japan shows that 68 % of Japanese believe that the US and Britain should not attack Iraq .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and recent statements by CIA Director George Tenet that North Korea possesses missiles capable of reaching the US West Coast undoubtedly shocked Americans out of their complacency over North Korea 's nuclear status .
Iran also must be factored into this equation , as it is becoming a strategic investor by building an oil refinery just across its border in Armenia , partly as a security measure in case of a US attack and partly to relieve its petrol shortages .
Indeed , Hindus , Christians , and Buddhists have been targeted as well , and religious extremists more recently have attacked Sufi shrines deemed to be idolatrous , and even Bengali cultural events that unite all religions in a common identity .
Sheikh Hasina , the Awami League 's leader and the daughter of the Bangladesh 's founding father , survived a grenade attack last summer that killed at least 20 people and injured hundreds more .
Britain 's High Commissioner in Bangladesh was wounded in a similar bomb attack this May .
French President Jacques Chirac 's visit to India this month to complete the sale of 6 attack submarines to India will confirm once more India 's emergence as an economic and diplomatic powerhouse .
With the sole exception of Zimbabwe , no leading politician in any post-imperial country has made a notable speech in recent years attacking colonialism .
The Terror Next Door NEW DELHI -- The fallout from the terror attacks in Mumbai last week has already shaken India .
As evidence mounts that the attacks were planned and directed from Pakistani territory , calls for decisive action have intensified .
The interrogation of the one surviving terrorist , and evidence from satellite telephone intercepts and other intelligence , has led to an emerging international consensus that the attacks were masterminded by the Wahhabi-inspired Lashkar-e-Taiba , a terrorist group once patronized , protected and trained by Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence -LRB- ISI -RRB- as a useful instrument in their country 's proxy war against India in Kashmir .
Though banned by General Pervez Musharraf under duress after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the Lashkar -LRB- which considers the United States , Israel and India `` existential enemies of Islam '' -RRB- simply regrouped under a different name and is even more powerful than before .
For , as Israel demonstrates anew its determination to end attacks on its civilians by militants based in Hamas-controlled territory , many in India , still smarting from the horrors of the Mumbai attacks in November , have been asking : why ca n't we do the same ?
But the Mumbai attacks confirmed what has become apparent in recent years : the forces of global Islamist terror have added Indians to their target list of reviled `` Jews and crusaders . ''
Just as Israel has frequently been attacked by rockets fired from across its border with Gaza , India has suffered repeated assaults by killers trained , equipped , financed , and directed by elements based next door in Pakistan .
Whereas Israel notoriously exacts grim retribution for every attack on its soil , India has endured with numbing stoicism an endless series of bomb blasts , including at least six major assaults in different locations in 2008 alone .
Hamas is in no position to repay Israel 's air and ground attacks in kind , whereas an Indian attack on Pakistani territory , even one targeting terrorist bases and training camps , would invite swift retaliation from the Pakistani army .
And , at the end of the day , one chilling fact would prevent India from thinking that it could use Israel 's playbook : the country that condones , if not foments , the terror attacks on India is a nuclear power .
So India has gone to the international community with evidence to prove that the Mumbai attacks were planned in Pakistan and conducted by Pakistani citizens who maintained contact with handlers in Pakistan throughout the operation .
When India 's embassy in Kabul was hit by a suicide bomber last July , American intelligence sources revealed that not only was Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence behind the attack , but that it made little effort to cover its tracks .
Obviously , the terrorist attacks of late November complicate this story .
The terrorists attacked India 's financial nerve-center and commercial capital , a city emblematic of the country 's energetic thrust into the twenty-first century .
The BJP has promised a more hawkish security posture than Congress in the wake of the Mumbai terrorist attacks , but when it was in power it conducted itself remarkably similarly to its rival , initiating a peace process with Pakistan .
India 's achievement is all the more striking given that the Pakistani terrorist attacks on Mumbai -- India 's financial nerve center and commercial capital -- in late November 2008 came in the midst of the crisis .
But the Hindus who attacked the mosque had little faith in the institutions of Indian democracy .
And , as the Mumbai terror attacks of November 2008 demonstrated , India today faces the threat of cross-border terrorism to which the Mahatma 's only answer -- a fast in protest -- would have left its perpetrators unmoved .
When Tibetan demonstrators outside the Chinese Embassy in New Delhi attacked the premises , the Indian government stepped up its protection for the Chinese diplomats .
These attacks overlooked the fact that the directive makes employment conditions of workers from other EU-member states subject in most respects to host-country rules .
When this concession failed , Mubarak and the ruling NDP began to work behind the scenes , encouraging their followers to attack protesters and provoke violence .
We also know that Iran built an underground uranium enrichment plant at Natanz , hardened it against missile attack , and erected dummy buildings on the surface to conceal it from overhead surveillance .
These health effects are serious . Diabetes already is the major cause of kidney failure , blindness , and lower-limb amputation in many countries , and a major cause of heart attacks and strokes .
We also know their leaders ' long-term goals : seize power in Muslim countries and attack the Western states that support secular regimes in the Islamic world .
President George W. Bush has demonstrated one way not to do it : his invasion and occupation of Iraq show that directly attacking Muslim states only fuels fanaticism .
With the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and the response of the Bush administration , the `` war against terrorism '' became relevant to Colombia .
Just as in war , cruelly raping women is symbolic : it creates cohesion within armed groups , reaffirms `` masculinity , '' and is a form of attacking `` the enemy 's morale . ''
Mugabe 's regime has systematically shut down independent media , attacked independent civil society organizations , denied visas to foreign journalists , and has arrested and beaten journalists who nevertheless enter the country .
To be effective , elections must be preceded by an extensive debate , in which political arguments are made , attacked , defended , and , ultimately , embodied in ideologically coherent party organizations .
The most fateful attack to accompany the installation of any dictatorship is an attack on civil society .
ISTANBUL -- Turkey joined NATO at the beginning of the Cold War to gain United States protection in the event of a Soviet attack .
Most Europeans take it for granted that the US will attack Iraq , and that this act of unilateralism , coming in the wake of all the other irritants such as the ABM Treaty , the Kyoto Agreement , the steel tariffs and the International Criminal Court , will have a devastating effect on transatlantic relations .
The demonstrations that will rock European cities the day Iraq is attacked must be counteracted in advance by unequivocal European statements to that effect .
Once he is attacked by the US , he may use it against Israel , which will retaliate .
The blanket suspicion that was widely seen as falling on all Muslims after every terrorist attack was also strongly resented .
Although disruptive , the suspect was able to function -- as shown by the disciplined nature of the attack .
For two thousand years , they had to defend themselves against attacks by expansionist Tamil kingdoms from the Indian mainland .
Sadly , the Tamils now living in the Jaffna districts in the northern and eastern parts of the island are probably descended from Tamils who were also victims of the same external attacks .
Instead , NATO members should pledge to defend any Middle Eastern state that is attacked with nuclear weapons .
Now that the US has at last begun to move , gradually and thoughtfully , away from the passions that characterized the country 's response to the 2001 terrorist attacks , it is worth asking if Bill Clinton was right to say that America 's virtues and assets always prevail against its vices and defects .
Insurgent attacks have killed 11 Chinese workers since 2004 .
In turn , NATO and Afghan forces could assign troops to protect these projects from further attacks , ideally with some kind of Chinese and Russian financial assistance to blunt objections that Western soldiers are dying to enrich foreign companies .
It also could be amended , or the states `` attacking '' the asteroid could withdraw from the agreement by giving one year 's notice .
Unfortunately , it is estimated that `` attacking '' an asteroid would cost billions of dollars , especially since multiple space launches would likely be needed to ensure that the required number of probes could complete the mission .
For the first time , the US pledges not to retaliate with a nuclear strike even if attacked by chemical or biological weapons .
Skeptics doubt the credibility of this policy , which in principle obliges the US to sacrifice New York in response to an attack on Warsaw , or endanger Los Angeles to defend Taipei .
More importantly , the Taliban in government would not necessarily support Islamic insurgencies in other countries or engage in distant terrorist attacks in Western countries , whereas al-Qaeda almost certainly would .
But it is hard to imagine the Taliban using force to prevent their al-Qaeda allies from reestablishing a military presence in Afghanistan and exploiting that presence to organize additional terrorist attacks in other countries .
For example , they greeted the inauguration of the June 2010 Peace Jirga with rocket attacks and suicide bombers .
The Pakistani Taliban has employed a variant of this strategy in the past , ostentatiously negotiating truces with the military in order to allow their forces to rest and regroup before resuming their attacks shortly thereafter .
But the Obama administration can not sign an agreement stating that it will deliberately constrain America 's ability to protect itself and its allies from foreign missile attacks .
The idea was that Russia would protect NATO from attacking missiles traveling over its territory , with the expectation that the alliance would then forego developing defenses capable of engaging missiles over Russia .
In the years following the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , for example , legitimate security concerns led to enormous student-visa delays and bureaucratic hassles for foreigners aspiring to study in the US .
India 's democracy and burgeoning economy make it a major factor in the Asian balance of power , and the recent terrorist attacks in Mumbai underscore a shared struggle against violent Islamic extremism .
But then came the Balkans crises of the 1990s , culminating in the realization that only American military power could put a stop to Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic 's ethnic cleansing of Kosovo . And then came the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , making the `` out of area or out of business '' choice seem a no-brainer .
But then reality intervened again . A suicide bomber attacked in Israel , and , in retaliation , the Israel Defense Forces took over Ramallah , where the tiny Palestinian Sesame Street studio was located .
Ever since , Republican governments in the US have slashed funding for ballet , poetry in schools , and sculpture , while demagogues like former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani have gained political traction by attacking controversial visual arts .
But the attack on the arts and humanities is a giant step in the direction of a pliable , dumbed-down citizenry .
It is no one 's business whom a victim has slept with previously , or what she was wearing when she was attacked .
Similarly , the `` 9\/11 Truth Movement '' asserts that al-Qaeda 's attack on the Twin Towers was an `` inside job . ''
In the Muslim world , there is a widespread conspiracy theory that the Israelis were behind those attacks , and that all Jews who worked in the buildings stayed home that day .
That has not changed since the 9\/11 terrorist attacks , despite rising hostility toward US Muslims among native-born Americans , based the assumption that they could not assimilate -LRB- a charge often directed in the past at Jews in various countries -RRB- .
The main risk of violence created by the nature of the electricity system itself is the danger of serious power outages due to physical or cyber-attacks on the increasingly fragile transmission and distribution grid .
Regarding oil , which dominates transportation , the high concentration of deposits in the Middle East , especially those that can be most cheaply exploited , makes oil-importing countries hostage both to terrorist attacks on the oil infrastructure and to monopoly-determined prices .
One of their priorities is to attack the central bank and slander its governor , Leszek Balcerowicz , the iconic father of Poland 's economic transformation , with accusations that echo those of the Stalinist era .
Reforms that are attacked in one country continue to guide others .
While People 's Daily , the Chinese Communist Party 's official newspaper , consistently attacks that position , the Party itself has been rehabilitating Confucius , the central figure in Chinese traditional thought , going so far as to erect a statue of him in Tiananmen Square .
Afghanistan , Iraq , Palestine , and now Iran : all seem to be under attack as part of the `` global war on terror . ''
In the five years since the attacks , two audiences for the so-called `` war on terror '' have emerged .
After the ouster of the Taliban in Afghanistan , the US turned its sights on the secular dictatorship of Saddam Hussein 's Iraq . Instead of encouraging reform of the Saudi\/Wahhabi regime -- the system that spawned 15 of the 19 hijackers in the 9\/11 attacks -- the average Muslim saw America as waging war on a regime that had nothing to do with that crime .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al-Sadr 's Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005 .
Of course , should the US see failure ahead , it could seek to broaden the war beyond Iraq 's borders by attacking Iran , a policy reminiscent of `` Operation Sideshow , '' when US failure in Vietnam in the late 1960 's enticed President Nixon into attacking Cambodia and Laos .
But Bush , following the terrorist attacks of 2001 , turned his back on conservatism . He sought to radically reinvent the Middle East , not only by overthrowing the Taliban regime in Afghanistan and Saddam Hussein 's regime in Iraq , but also through his strident calls for democratization .
The Soviets were regularly attacked as dangerous enemies of God .
In the prevailing atmosphere of turmoil and confusion , the radical Islamists attack the Americans as barbarous Crusaders who have replaced the communists as the enemies of Islam .
The frightening state in the region is the United States , which , following the terrorist attacks of September 2001 , was anxious to bring about democratic regime change -- a failed policy that now appears to have left the US unable to leave .
Following that failed attack , US President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown jointly pushed a conference in London to propose solutions for the previously overlooked crises in Yemen .
Like other dictators in their political death throes -- former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Libya 's Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi , for example -- Saleh has warned of the dangers the world would face if he is forced to depart : the Muslim Brotherhood , al-Qaeda attacks , Iranian regional hegemony , and the breakup of Yemen . Après moi le déluge seems to be the sole justification he can offer for his continued rule .
His desperation mounting , Saleh has ordered deadly attacks on protesters , evidently believing that his considerable skill at political manipulation would see him through .
The Saudis continued such programs after the terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and even after they discovered that `` the Call '' is uncontrollable , owing to the technologies of globalization .
Like the hijackers of 9\/11 , who were also Saudi\/Wahhabi ideological exports -LRB- 15 of the 19 men who carried out those terror attacks were chosen by Bin Laden because they shared the same Saudi descent and education as he -RRB- , Saudi Arabia 's reserve army of potential terrorists remains , because the Wahhabi factory of fanatical ideas remains intact .
That stance appears to have been contagious , because the United States , too , has done everything possible to change the subject whenever the Saudi role in the 9\/11 attacks is raised .
From the moment the Twin Towers fell in New York , the US sought to define for the world how to view the terrorist attack .
True , 15 of the 19 hijackers were Saudis , and the attack 's author , Osama bin Laden , was born and bred in the Kingdom .
On Bin Laden 's orders , oil installations , the oil city of Khobar , the interior ministry , and the police headquarters in Riyadh were all attacked .
The worldwide attention and criticism that the 9\/11 attacks brought to Wahhabism put the Saudi royals on the defensive about the religious creed that had long legitimized their regime .
Ten years after the 9\/11 attacks , Al Qaeda has been marginalized , but not by Saudi Arabia , which nurtured the terrorists , or by the US , which waged wars against Bin Laden and his acolytes .
Second , a generous -LRB- and , with time , growing -RRB- quota should be set for Palestinian laborers to work in Israel -- indeed , they must be allowed to work in the very agricultural centers around Gaza which were the most affected by the rocket attacks .
On the contrary , because the settlements are located in the heart of the Palestinian population , they are convenient targets for terrorist attacks and require special defensive measures , including the deployment of large military forces engaged in patrolling and surveillance .
The Palestinian leadership knows that if Iran ever launches a nuclear attack against Israel , their people would suffer terribly as well .
But , despite deep popular sympathy , not a few Israelis -- on both the left and the right -- opposed the exchange of one soldier for a thousand or more Palestinian prisoners , some of whom perpetrated terrorist attacks that killed dozens of people .
Unlike the first group , they would be ready to accept the release of one Palestinian prisoner -- even if he were responsible for the most brutal terrorist attack -- but not a thousand of them .
But many of the released prisoners will be transferred to the Gaza Strip , a territory that is completely separate from Israel , where they might join Hamas 's militant forces but will not be able to execute terrorist attacks against Israel .
This time , the authorities froze South Korean real estate in the Geumgang Mountain tourist zone and , most seriously of all , attacked the Cheonan .
The attack on the Cheonan may have been particularly useful in cementing the regime 's hold on the military , which felt disgraced by North Korea 's inept performance in a confrontation with the South Korean navy near the Northern Limit Line in the West Sea in November 2009 .
But , compared to the more fundamental factors discussed above , I believe that this is probably a secondary motive for the attack on the Cheonan .
A UN Security Council resolution denouncing North Korea 's brutal attack on the Cheonan must be an essential part of any international diplomatic response .
The attack on the South Korean naval ship Cheonan earlier this year may be a grim sign of things to come .
Physical attacks against them are rare .
This proposition almost beggars belief because it starkly contradicts China 's actions in failing to openly condemn North Korea for its sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan in March , or for the recent artillery attack on South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island .
Had Franklin Roosevelt succeeded in preventing the Pearl Harbor attack with a preemptive strike against Japan , we would still be discussing whether war with Japan was inevitable .
Within days after the 9\/11 terrorist attacks in 2001 , the US had erected new and enormous security measures at airports throughout the country .
Since the crisis , rating agencies have been under attack , and major regulation , which could severely affect their business , has been discussed on both sides of the Atlantic .
