Generating sufficient political support to enact reforms that can survive the opposition of vested interests requires attempting to deregulate the entire economy simultaneously , not select industries , one by one .
This could lead to a fiscal catastrophe for the government at the very moment when the country is attempting a complicated political transition .
Central banks are currently attempting to plug one leak as the next appears .
The region in and around Syria is also populated by extremist Islamist groups that are attempting to expand their spheres of influence - and that are quick to capitalize on instability in any country .
Are some Europeans , many Israelis ask , attempting to use Israel as a means to rid themselves of guilt over the Jewish question , and with it the Jews ' unbearable claim to moral superiority , by lightheartedly equating them with the perpetrators of the Shoah ?
The Palestinians are attempting to hold the stick at both ends , claiming before the world their endorsement of the two-state solution while calling for the right of return at the same time .
And yet both available strategies -- doing nothing or attempting to modernize -- have obvious pitfalls .
The Nobelists ' point is that , as far as therapeutic cloning is concerned , rather than attempting global prohibition , it would be much wiser , and possibly more effective , to promote an international regulatory regime through ample legalization of stem cell research .
Mofaz 's statement is symptomatic of a perception that is now deeply entrenched , not only in the Middle East , but in the United States as well . That notion is of a hegemonic Iran that is attempting to dominate the region through an array of Shiite proxies .
The judiciary is also more active , and is attempting to force the executive to remain within the bounds of the constitution .
So what should developing countries do , aside from maintaining sound macroeconomic policies , curbing excessive domestic financial leverage , and attempting to isolate themselves from volatile capital inflows ?
In the month of May , before the summer 's searing and deadly heat , local authorities estimated a daily average of 1,000 migrants attempting to cross .
The Fed can not reduce short-term interest rates below zero , so it is attempting via this policy of `` quantitative easing '' to reduce longer-term interest rates .
Economists have spent their lives attempting to evolve theories that would account for how salient features of reality might emerge if we did live in their ideal world , but since we do n't , their theoretical enterprise is of doubtful utility .
The possible connection between Perisic 's arrest and Milosevic 's trial is this : Perisic might have been attempting to give information about the Army 's involvement in actions of interest to the Hague prosecutors .
But modern democracies -- especially those conducted on the Anglo-Saxon model -- take this further , by attempting to separate not only the private from the public , but the person from the politician .
It is almost as if governments like Britain 's are attempting to manipulate the private sector into believing that the dire conditions required for an expansionary fiscal consolidation have already been met .
In attempting to cope with imperfect knowledge , they are not irrational when they pay attention to other macroeconomic fundamentals and thereby bid an exchange rate away from its parity level .
Now , despite a three-year recession , it is attempting to lower a modest fiscal deficit to zero .
But , worried that the US authorities would accuse it of attempting to control a new market , IBM left the Disk Operating System -LRB- DOS -RRB- for the new PCs to a tiny new company that no one saw as a threat : Microsoft .
For example , long before the financial collapse , experimental economists joined psychologists in attempting to measure varying propensities to greediness .
Just as Czechoslovakia 's communist government once imprisoned Havel for daring to dream of a civil society and a true constitution of liberty for his country , China 's government has imprisoned Liu for attempting something similar , with his Charter 08 appeal , modeled on Czechoslovakia 's Charter 77 .
For this reason , China is attempting to use economic and military aid as leverage to improve relations even with countries with which it has had military confrontations with in the past , most prominently Vietnam and the Philippines .
Brazil was attempting to become energy self-sufficient in a manner similar to modern efforts by other countries .
It means sticking to principles , but also attempting to understand the other side , however irrational or intransigent it may sometimes appear .
Hatoyama 's administration , however , is attempting to reverse the current plan , which the LDP administration and the US had agreed upon after long and intense discussions .
In attempting to fulfill these inconsistent pledges , government spending this year will reach an all-time high of ¥ 92.3 trillion .
Everyone involved in attempting to resolve the Israel-Palestine conflict knows what a peace agreement between the sides will most likely look like .
But it is the advocates who misinterpret the data when attempting to show that victims are often unable to recall their traumatic experiences .
Researchers at the University of California , Davis , have faced similar regulatory obstacles in attempting to produce lysozyme in the milk of genetically engineered goats .
The Sarkozy Option PARIS -- From the Caucasus in August 2008 to the Middle East in January 2009 , is France under President Nicolas Sarkozy attempting to incarnate what might be called `` the West by default , '' making maximum use of the window of opportunity opened by America 's presidential transition ?
One example is Xue Jifeng , a labor rights activist detained by police in Zhengzhou , the capital of Henan province , in December 1999 for attempting to meet with other labor activists .
If the West is perceived to be attempting to maintain the leadership it snatched 200 years ago by industrializing first , thereby denying the post-Confucians the fruits of their dynamism permanently , the Chinese , in particular , will conclude that pluralism is eyewash and that the West 's worldview in fact replicates their traditional one .
In parallel , mandatory measures would penalize any states attempting to circumvent the ban , as well as individuals involved in producing nuclear weapons .
Slobodan Milosevic cheated justice , and by doing so demonstrated the futility of attempting to deal with war crimes and crimes against humanity through international prosecutions .
The National Assembly plays a key role in attempting to improve governance in the country .
Because its preferred approach of regime change has proven slower than expected , and because time plays into Kim 's hands , the Bush administration faces three other options in attempting to deal with North Korea 's nuclear weapons .
Martin argues that about 20 people in a room is probably a reasonable size for attempting to tackle difficult cross-sectoral problems .
While it is still too early in his presidency to judge the outcome , it is clear that he is attempting to change processes and adapt leadership to a more networked world .
The lack of consensus on the magnitude of the problem , and gaps in legislative coverage , only serves to deepen the holes into which vulnerable populations stumble while attempting to make a living through artisanal e-waste mining .
Nevertheless , the 1937 episode does seem to illustrate the dangers of attempting to consolidate public finances at a time when the private sector is still too weak for economic recovery to be self-sustaining .
India 's willingness to spend when everyone else is attempting to sell and save entails risks that need to be carefully managed .
The government did not set aside resources while things were going well , and now it does not have the fiscal space needed for an aggressive boost to public spending of the type that many other governments are attempting .
And attempting to force a decision in the absence of consensus would vitiate one of the strongest assets the Court has had -- the solidarity of its members in the face of efforts to undermine the project of an effective and independent international mechanism for justice and accountability .
Saddam was attempting regularly to kill American and British aircrews enforcing the no-fly zones .
Genuine energy security will come not by invading and occupying the Middle East , or by attempting to impose pliant governments in the region , but by recognizing certain deeper truths about global energy .
Universal secondary education , especially for girls , is transformative for societies attempting to escape poverty , because education changes the demographic dynamics of the country as well .
Even while trade expands , China is attempting to confine India within greatly foreshortened land and sea borders through its so-called `` string of pearls policy . ''
Obama steers clear both of interventions for humanitarian purposes and of attempting to export democracy by force .
To me , attempting to discern the economic prospects for 2011 is not a particularly interesting question : the answer is bleak , with little upside potential and a lot of downside risk .
Gradually the Bank came to be perceived , at least in many quarters , as a partner in the joint quest for growth and poverty reduction , not an adversary attempting to promote a Western economic agenda or ideology .
For now , the world should celebrate the fact that Bolivia has a democratically elected leader attempting to represent the interests of the poor people of his country .
Equally interesting , China is attempting to move away from the export-led growth strategy that it and other East Asian countries have pursued .
As a party to Japan 's debate on national security , I know from experience that attempting to clarify the vague constitutional status of our Self Defense Forces would lead China and South Korea -- victims of past Japanese invasions -- to use dissenting voices within Japan to smother all discussion , killing mature debate .
There can be no doubt that those who are attempting to help people involved in disasters and trauma have noble motives , but that is not enough .
While attempting to halt the development of nanomaterial-inspired technologies would be as irresponsible as it is unrealistic , responsible development of these technologies demands vigilance and social commitment .
For the past 10 years , three South Korean presidents and three US presidents have been attempting to deal with the same `` perpetual '' leader -- Kim Jong-il .
