Nevertheless , fourteen civil society activists who attempted to organize a special meeting to address the realities of the Kurdish issue in Syria recently received various sentences on charges of working to undermine national unity .
Finally , the Commission `` underestimated '' competitors ' ability to react to `` any attempted restriction of capacity , '' either by increasing supply or by entering `` the relevant market quickly . ''
Moreover , when Ahmed Qaddaf al-Dam and Said Rashwan , two leading figures in the regime , visited Egypt and attempted to recruit tribes with Libyan branches to attack the Qaddafi-free East from Egypt 's western desert , they came away with nothing .
Thus spoke Saif al-Islam al-Qaddafi in March 2010 , referring to the leaders of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group -LRB- LIFG -RRB- , an armed organization that had attempted to assassinate his father , Muammar al-Qaddafi , three times in the mid-1990 's .
When the Nasserite party attempted to overthrow Saleh less than 100 days into his presidency , al-Ahmar defended him and quashed the coup .
But some effort to stimulate the economy at the outset of the crisis could have been attempted .
This trend accelerated as the current Bush administration attempted to construct unilateral global hegemony out of the `` War on Terror , '' which provoked growing disquiet in `` Old Europe . ''
On a recent trip through the Middle East , I attempted to gain a better understanding of the crisis .
The Jewish community in the United States , and to a lesser extent President Barack Obama 's administration , has attempted to convince Chile and Mexico , which have not yet made their stances explicit , that nothing would be gained by isolating Israel -LRB- or the US , for that matter -RRB- on this issue .
Now , with his China strategy falling apart , Obama is seeking to do exactly what his predecessor attempted -- to line up partners as an insurance policy in case China 's rising power slides into arrogance .
At the end of 2008 , one company attempted to beat a new path .
This was always the showstopper in Darfur : any attempted invasion of Sudan would have been disastrous for the two million displaced people , and would have re-ignited the country 's even deadlier north-south conflict .
This test explains the effective impunity of China , Russia , or any other major power ; however badly it behaves internally , any attempted invasion would trigger a much larger conflagration .
China 's central government has attempted this for the past 10 years through its `` Western Development Program . ''
Yet no attempted solution will get very far without the US and its decisive leadership .
When a group of dissident Jews conspired in 1970 to highjack an airplane , they were charged with attempted treason .
From time to time , Mohammed El Baradei , Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- , has attempted to reintroduce reason and remind everyone that the focus must remain on capabilities , not intentions .
Our Virtual Middle Ages Wikipedia , the online encyclopedia , is the most impressive collective intellectual project ever attempted -- and perhaps achieved .
Now , suppose that same crank attempted to treat passersby as if they were his serfs .
French central planning attempted to blaze a new path between Communist centralisation and Vichy corporatism .
The Turkish government even attempted a regional initiative for a peaceful solution to the crisis , an effort no current EU member could have contemplated .
The Nigerian father who warned the US embassy in Lagos that he feared what his own son might do -- before that same young man attempted to detonate a bomb aboard a flight to Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 -- is an example of just this .
Until recently , an exchange-rate peg dominated China 's monetary policy , with interest rates unchanged for nine years until October 2004 , as the government attempted to manage lending through administrative guidance and credit controls .
Turkish Cypriots have withdrawn into Turkey 's embrace and have attempted to gain greater international recognition .
The attempted assassination in Jeddah last month of Prince Muhammad bin Nayef , the deputy interior minister for security affairs , demonstrates both elements of the Saudi strategy , and how a bold attempt by Al-Qaeda to revive its fortunes has failed .
Their crimes included , indirectly , the deaths of three of our colleagues -- Bob Frasure , Joe Kruzel , and Nelson Drew , who had died when the armored personnel carrier they were in plunged down a ravine as we attempted to reach Sarajevo by the only route available , a dangerous dirt road that went through sniper-filled , Serbian-controlled territory .
This would require roughly another 14 % of GDP in spending cuts and revenue measures , ranking it among the largest fiscal adjustments ever attempted .
Yet it is work on the easy steps , allegedly attempted and then canceled , that the NIE called Iran 's `` nuclear weapon program . ''
At the end of the day it could lead to the sort of huge street protests that marked the Orange Revolution , and their attempted violent suppression .
From the `` People Power '' revolution that toppled Ferdinand Marcos in the Philippines in 1986 to Boris Yeltsin 's defiance of the attempted coup against Mikhail Gorbachev of August 1991 , to the Rose , Orange , and Cedar Revolutions of recent years , dictators have been forced to admit defeat when enough people stand up to them .
Kim Kyong-hui 's intent to exercise power after her brother 's passing is supported by rumors that she helped arrange a traffic accident in June that killed Ri Je-gang , a senior party official and perceived guardian of Kim Jong-eun who reportedly attempted to oust Kim Kyong-hui and her close allies from power .
The Clinton administration attempted to put brakes on then-Prime Minister Netanyahu 's efforts to construct a new settlement near Bethlehem .
Almost every Arab ruler at one time or another attempted to silence the station by closing its local bureau and pressing the Qatari rulers to muzzle its freewheeling journalists .
But history also tells us that while governments in almost all developing countries have attempted to play that facilitating role at some point , most have failed .
But that does n't mean it has n't been attempted . Economists ' estimates range from $ 1.23 billion a year -LRB- to save trees in Latin America 's biodiversity `` hot spots '' -RRB- to $ 5.8 billion a year -LRB- to save 2 % of the continent 's land area -RRB- to $ 500 billion -LRB- making a one-off payment to save all of Latin America 's forests -RRB- .
The LDP has tried to placate public wrath about a series of political scandals and policy mistakes over the last two years , while the DPJ has attempted to capitalize on these .
Hatoyama has hastily attempted to fulfill the DPJ 's party manifesto and his own public pledges . This includes terminating replenishment support for the US-led interdiction operation in the Indian Ocean , reducing host-nation support to US forces based in Japan , and revising the bilateral status-of-force agreement .
Claims of prior inability to remember imply that they had attempted unsuccessfully to recall their abuse , only to remember it much later .
Other studies show that nine out of ten prostitutes urgently want to escape the job . Almost half have attempted suicide at least once .
Kofi Annan , on the occasion of the 60th anniversary of the United Nations in 2005 , attempted to adjust the multilateral institutions of our world to fit its new realities .
Yet , in the search for what Cameron has called a new `` look , feel , and identity , '' these parties have been treading a fine line : on the one hand , they have attempted to appear more modern -- for example , by appointing an increasing number of women and members of ethnic minorities to cabinet posts .
For example , in the aftermath of the recent government crackdown in Myanmar -LRB- Burma -RRB- , the Secretary General was able to send a representative to the country , but with powers limited to reporting and attempted mediation .
Biafra 's attempted secession in 1967 , and the subsequent civil war in which millions died , was triggered by rigged elections , massive official corruption , and the cynical use of ethnicity to achieve political ends .
Last February , the newly elected Senate attempted to block $ 1.6 billion from going to Shell and two other companies for production expenses until they provided adequate documents to support their claims .
Director General Mohamed El Baradei has called upon the US to negotiate directly with Iran over its atomic program . He also has attempted to generate momentum for a Middle East nuclear weapons-free zone .
But ill-equipped and poorly led UN replacement forces for the American presence put the remaining US troops in the bull 's eye as they attempted to bring to justice the Somali warlord responsible for the death of Pakistani peacekeepers .
Still within congressional restraints , the Nixon administration attempted to bolster Cambodia 's military government .
In fairness , no UN Secretary General has paid greater homage to the ideals of the human-rights movement , or attempted , at least rhetorically , to associate the UN with those ideals , than Kofi Annan .
As a result , the ultimate revenue gains are likely to prove disappointing , as Sweden discovered when it attempted to tax financial transactions two decades ago .
Earlier in the year , Chávez 's government brazenly attempted to disqualify hundreds of thousands of citizens who had gone to the polls in support of the referendum .
An analogous power grab is being attempted in Africa .
Is it more personal , an act of vengeance by a son against the man who attempted to assassinate his father ?
Public spending cuts come more naturally to Conservatives , and they have -- despite their lack of candor -- attempted to make a virtue out of this necessity .
Initially , Blair attempted to force through detention without charge for up to 90 days .
In France , Paris magistrates attempted for years to indict former President Jacques Chirac on charges of corruption .
By contrast , an IMF that attempted to act , say , as an international umpire of national exchange-rate policies would face insurmountable implementation and acceptance problems .
While no one from either the Bush or Obama administrations attempted to defend American-style free-wheeling capitalism , European leaders argued for their `` social market economy , '' their gentler form of capitalism with its social protections , as the model for the future .
For its part , the United States has never attempted to give free college for all , and it took a bitter battle just to ensure that America 's poor get access to health care -- a guarantee that the Republican Party is now working hard to repeal , claiming that the country can not afford it .
Slightly more than 13 years earlier , at the IMF 's Hong Kong meeting in 1997 , the Fund had attempted to amend its charter in order to gain more leeway to push countries towards capital-market liberalization .
Seldom do the `` chickens come home to roost '' as quickly as they have in recent years -- an ill-conceived war , attempted on the cheap , has not brought peace to the Middle East .
Conversely , when democratic transition was attempted in a fragile and closed economic environment , the outcome was much worse .
In 1999 , Huji members attempted to assassinate the moderate poet Shamshur Rahman with an axe .
Competing for influence among radical Islamist leaders in northwestern Bangladesh is Bangla Bhai , who in 2004 attempted an Islamist revolution in several provinces bordering India .
Moreover , India has attempted to establish strategic ties with countries that China sees as falling within its own sphere of influence -LRB- from Mongolia to Vietnam , including direct competition over Myanmar -RRB- .
India 's government has attempted to draw a distinction between its humanitarian obligations as an asylum country and its political responsibilities as a friend of China .
In the early-to-mid 1990s budget deficits turned into surpluses , bank and financial supervision tightened and labor market reform was repeatedly attempted -LRB- if never achieved -RRB- .
Germany currently pays a little over 3 % nominal interest on 10-year debt , half of what Greece is being charged for emergency loans -- and far less than Greece would pay if it attempted to raise money in private markets .
NEW YORK -- British Prime Minister David Cameron 's government has announced some of the most draconian public-sector cuts any developed country government has ever attempted .
When President Jacques Chirac 's first government attempted such a reform in 1995 , railroad workers , who can retire at age 50 or 55 , spearheaded the resistance .
The attempted bombing of a Detroit-bound airliner on Christmas Day by a young Nigerian man trained by Al Qaeda in Yemen appeared to open the West 's eyes to the country 's problems .
For him , the attempted Christmas Day bombing was a gift from heaven .
Iraq has attempted to forge a political role for itself within the Arab world by participating in Arab summits , but when its turn came to play host , the summit was postponed for a year , owing partly to the Arab spring , but also to some Gulf countries ' refusal to participate in a meeting held in Baghdad .
