In Gaza , where Hamas is in charge , the high price of armed resistance to Israel has discredited any attempts to revive the conflict .
Whenever a government attempts to liberalize the electricity industry , unions and firms join forces in opposition .
Over the past month , concerned citizens in both Russia and Georgia have started to make attempts to build alliances and reach out to each other outside of the government-controlled media and structures .
The same applies to the Islamic Group , a movement implicated in violent acts in almost a dozen countries throughout the 1980 's and 1990 's , including armed insurgency in Egypt , bombings in the United States and Croatia , assassination attempts in Ethiopia , and training camps in Afghanistan .
So Russia 's attempts to bring these countries to heel are likely to continue and remain a bone of contention and conflict .
Similarly , Kurdish attempts at autonomy before WWII were drowned in bloody massacres of tens of thousands of innocent civilians , and even the Assyrian Christian minority -- a relatively small group , with no political ambitions -- was exposed to murderous assaults in the 1930 's .
Sadly , this is only the latest chapter in the Palestinians ' tragic history of failed attempts to create a nation-state .
The current reintegration plan , like two previous attempts at disarmament , falls short of credibly demobilizing armed groups and regulating the arms trade .
One favorite trick was to create enormous obstacles to even minimal attempts at cracking down on war criminals .
During his twenty months as CCP General Secretary , Zhao created a culture in which the Politburo refrained from interfering in the courts , and he stopped its attempts to control literature and the arts .
But their attempts to conceal the truth about the past only reveal their weakness and their shamelessness .
State-guided capitalism describes economies where growth is a central economic objective -LRB- as it is in the other two forms of capitalism -RRB- , but attempts to achieve it by favoring specific firms or industries .
The bones of contention that wrecked previous attempts to reach an Israeli-Syrian peace have realistic solutions , as was shown by the back-channel peace talks recently held between an Israeli ex-official and a Syrian with close connections to the regime .
Europe 's persistence in snubbing Turkey 's attempts to join the European Union , the rise of violent anti-Western popular sentiment in the wake of the Iraq war , and strained relations with the US -- owing in part to the forthcoming Armenian Genocide Act -- are major factors in Turkey 's change of direction .
The arrest warrant for al-Bashir should not be allowed to spur further attempts by his government to sabotage the CPA and the fragile process leading to the 2011 referendum .
Mubarak conveniently focused on the `` peace process , '' which explains his jealousy at Turkey 's recent attempts to usurp the role of regional broker .
Yet , despite valiant attempts by the new European Banking Authority to mandate and coordinate the measures that are needed , a European solution must take account of the network of foreign subsidiaries across Europe .
A large majority of the UN adopted the proposal on 15 November , despite attempts by some member states to obstruct , amend , or bury it .
Sarkozy , despite initial attempts to roll back some French entitlements , has thus far produced less reform than Cameron or Harper , let alone Ronald Reagan or Margaret Thatcher in the 1980 's .
With the votes in Iraq 's election in December now counted , attempts to form a new government are set to move into high gear .
Since seizing power following a 1999 coup , Musharraf has survived at least three serious assassination attempts .
With his stunning victory in Sunday 's second round of Brazil 's presidential elections , Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva -LRB- `` Lula '' -RRB- has finally achieved his goal after four attempts .
But attempts to implement socialist or communist ideals through force ended in oppression and mass murder .
Multi-culturalists saw attempts to integrate non-Westerners into the Western mainstream as a form of neo-colonialist racism , while xenophobes just did n't like anything that looked , talked , or smelled foreign .
All attempts by the communist regime to sever the links between the Catholic Church and the Polish nation failed .
On the other hand , however , the Court 's decision is one of those judicial pronouncements that attempts to give something to everybody and leave everything as it was .
The Court 's decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds .
At least since December 1956 , when Fidel and Raúl Castro , together with a young Argentine doctor , later known as Che Guevara , sailed from Mexico 's port of Tuxpan to Cuba and into history , the region has seen innumerable attempts by small left-wing revolutionary groups to take power through armed uprisings .
The `` Americas-2 '' radical left is receding moderately , yet it can still maintain its positions and defeat any attempts to roll back its influence .
Thus , the accusations -- and facts -- about the PT 's flagrant violations of Brazil 's campaign-finance laws , together with its apparently brazen attempts to buy votes in Congress -LRB- not unlike what often occurs in more mature democracies -RRB- is not very surprising .
This will be Ortega 's fifth run for the presidency , having lost his last three attempts .
The US has been lucky to escape further terrorist strikes since September 11 , 2001 , despite several attempts .
He recently survived two assassination attempts , and Islamists accuse him of entering into a `` bargain '' with the infidel enemy , India .
Increasing knowledge of human genetics , for example , led to attempts to reject criminal responsibility , based on the inappropriate belief that genes predetermine actions .
These attempts failed , and neuroscientific pursuits seem similarly unlikely to overturn our views on human free will and responsibility .
They are intrinsically time-bound attempts to come to terms with issues , and they should be allowed to run their course if they are based on deliberations by elected majorities of representatives .
Pathetic attempts to go it alone have not made Europe stronger , and anti-Americanism harms Europe more than the US .
The latter point , which no doubt reflects the Obama administration 's attempts to reform the dysfunctional system it inherited , is particularly important , as the sharpest declines in investment intentions were among those who had lost confidence in the government 's ability to regulate .
Consider the claims -- rampant nowadays in the US -- that further government attempts to alleviate unemployment will fail , because America 's current high unemployment is `` structural '' : a failure of economic calculation has left the country with the wrong productive resources to satisfy household and business demand .
Or consider the claims -- also rampant these days -- that further government attempts to increase demand , whether through monetary policy to alleviate a liquidity squeeze , banking policy to increase risk tolerance , or fiscal policy to provide a much-needed savings vehicle , will similarly fail .
As Fed Vice Chairman Don Kohn said , ensuring that a few thousand investment bankers receive their just financial punishment is a non-starter when attempts to do so put the jobs of millions of Americans -- and tens of millions outside the US -- at risk .
A similar situation exists in the steel industry , where the central government has made repeated unsuccessful attempts to close small furnaces .
Conservatives in the United States , for example , frequently rail against the `` madness '' of Islamic terrorists , and regard attempts to understand terrorism as appeasement or liberalism gone wild .
And , with Cold War tensions long past , it is all too easy for policymakers and publics to resist the doomsayers , be complacent about the threats that these weapons continue to pose , and to regard attempts to eliminate them , or contain their spread , as well-meaning but futile .
The final , and usually toughest , legitimacy test attempts to balance the consequences : Will those at risk be better or worse off ?
But when foreign investors do n't want to continue to hold dollar securities , their attempts to sell them will push down their value until the combination of reduced exposure and reduced fear of further dollar decline makes them willing to hold the outstanding stock of dollar securities .
No one attempts to use tariffs to balance those government-created differences in competitiveness , and there should be no such attempts if a cap-and-trade system is introduced .
What amazes our neighbors and partners -- and increasingly causes distrust -- is that ever since the beginning of the global meltdown last September , the German government has focused almost exclusively on national crisis management , rebuffing any and all attempts at a European approach .
Or will we witness attempts to downplay the calamity and return to business as usual as soon as possible ?
Measuring the quality of output is difficult , although The Times Higher Education Supplement attempts to do so every year .
But if basic research is neglected , attempts to produce quick innovations through applied research will be futile .
In contrast , `` behavioral economists '' acknowledge that currencies can depart from parity for a protracted period , but argue that this results not from traders ' attempts to interpret movements in macroeconomic fundamentals , but from market psychology and irrational trading .
Given the enormous size of daily volumes in currency markets , such attempts almost always fail , leading to currency crises .
The legacy of their success , copyright law , continues to impede attempts to render cyberspace a free marketplace of ideas .
This may help explain why T3 in Beijing is such a success , and why Chinese are now more united than ever before in condemning attempts to hijack or sully the Olympics for ulterior motives .
But the Kremlin 's myopic concentration on military matters , and its pointless attempts to play a zero-sum game with the West has turned Russia into an object for manipulation by its junior partners .
Anyone privy to details of such activities can not comment on them , but one story circulating in the research community involved attempts to introduce condoms into African porn as part of an anti-AIDS effort .
All stick and little carrot has failed to quell Chechen nationalism , and President Vladimir Putin 's similarly heavy-handed attempts to control Russia 's so-called `` near abroad '' -- as in Ukraine during the Orange Revolution -- have proven no more successful .
Quick or easy Senate approval of the New START arms-control treaty is highly unlikely , given stated concerns about verification and the protection of US missile-defense programs ; instead , we can expect delays and , possibly , attempts to amend what the two governments already agreed upon .
Greek Cypriots are using their European Union membership as a weapon to frustrate Turkey 's EU ambitions and to block attempts to increase trade between the EU and the island 's north .
Let 's not allow ourselves to be manipulated into believing that attempts to change the `` established '' order and `` objective '' laws do not make sense .
During the last fifty years , repeated attempts by reform-oriented elements to open up Saudi Arabia 's society and polity had failed .
First , they are weary of renewed Iranian attempts to destabilize Iraq .
Frustration with the complexities of trying to provide ready fixes leads to attempts to find even more radical solutions .
The search for deep human roots of the crisis , by contrast , leads to attempts to change human nature , which are futile -- and also inherently much more dangerous .
But the emergence of powerful new currencies always provokes fresh attempts at the use of exchange rates for political purposes .
But drastic attempts at fiscal consolidation immediately evoke memories of the Great Depression .
Some econometric attempts have been made to identify long-term cycles in both inflation and monetary growth .
But as the world attempts to mount a civilized response to Southeast Asia 's human tragedy , it must also confront the humbling amorality of nature , and thus comprehend the environmental effects that will shape the lives of survivors and their descendants .
Any attempts at engagement by Western politicians , such as Biden 's recent trip , are automatically met with doubt and criticism for cozying up to dictators .
`` Sledgehammer '' is , sad to say , yet another alleged coup plot in a series of attempts to topple the ruling Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- , which was first elected in 2002 .
According to the evidence gathered by Turkish prosecutors , four coup attempts , named `` Sar?k?z , '' `` Ay????? , '' `` Yakamoz , '' and `` Eldiven , '' have been made since the AKP came to power .
Such practical proposals address key global issues , including international terrorism , strengthening of mechanisms for arms control , arms reduction , and non-proliferation , efforts to contain attempts by North Korea and Iran to develop nuclear weapons , encouraging transparency in China 's military , restraining Russia 's imperial ambitions , and building a global ballistic missile defense network against missiles that could be launched by rogue regimes .
`` China is now in the stage of surging nationalism , and the trend is expected to continue in the future , '' the Council warned in its interim report , concluding that , `` Japan must take appropriate actions in response to each incident '' in which China attempts to `` gradually advance its defense line -LRB- ocean-ward -RRB- . ''
The world might not support the US in its unilateral attempts to become the world 's policeman , especially because they may well bring more instability .
But the Islamic Republic 's history is littered with its presidents ' failed attempts to consolidate an independent power center .
Fourteen countries attended to discuss food price inflation , energy needs , etc. . Alas , India 's voice was drowned out , not by China 's attempts to provide medicine and education to Africa , but by the sheer magnitude of Chinese state-owned enterprises ' investments in physical infrastructure .
Previously spurned by America in its attempts to use its longstanding contacts in Asia , this assistance appears to have convinced America that Russia can be of real help in its diplomacy with North Korea .
Historically , attempts at modernization in Russia , even when they look real , as with Stalin 's industrialization or Yeltsin 's market reforms , ultimately result in a Potemkin village-like state of affairs , because Russian society can not change fast enough or with the patience necessary to see the changes through .
But his recent attempts to use Russia 's energy resources for political coercion in Georgia , Ukraine , Belarus and elsewhere have exposed Russia as an unreliable partner , unnerving even the Chinese , who do not wish to see a reconstituted Russian empire on their border .
His embittered attempts to counter American power are equally short-sighted : helping Iran develop its nuclear program and selling high-tech weapons to China are hardly in Russia 's long-term strategic interest .
Tymoshenko , who has survived three assassination attempts , is not the type of woman to surrender her campaign on a technicality .
Thus , instead of investing in the energy industry -- the lifeblood of the economy -- in order to reverse declining output , the Kremlin is devoting its energy to a presidential commission to `` counteract attempts to falsify history to the detriment of Russia 's interests . '' This means that the state will decide which interpretations of history should be considered `` true , '' creating endless opportunities for manipulation to serve the agenda of those in power .
Across the centuries , there have been wars , started by both sides , and partitions of Poland executed by the Russians , followed by attempts at `` Russification , '' with the Russian Christian Orthodox Empire trying to control the `` silver-tongued , '' `` deceptive , '' West European-oriented Catholic Poland .
If China attempts to lower its money supply by raising interest rates , it will trigger a corresponding increase in demand for renminbi , as foreign capital seeks to take advantage of higher interest rates on Chinese assets .
The focus of Pope Benedict XVI 's visit to the Middle East was Jerusalem 's importance to Christians , Muslims , and Jews , so that attempts to Judaize the Holy City must stop immediately .
All four face the ticklish problem of succession , and speculation has been mounting for some time of possible attempts to keep power in the family .
Of course , attempts to draw a distinction between hatred of Jews and hatred of Israel were never particularly convincing .
In fact , first attempts at spawning can be relatively unsuccessful , so a fisheries policy that depends for the most part just on first-time spawners -LRB- which is what we are approaching now -RRB- , could be especially flawed .
By contrast , if a country attempts to defy its comparative advantage , such as by adopting an import-substitution strategy to pursue the development of capital-intensive or high-tech industries in a capital-scarce economy , the government may resort to distortional subsidies and protections that dampen economic performance .
Because of climate panic , our attempts to mitigate climate change have provoked an unmitigated disaster .
The group 's report , `` The Hartwell Paper , '' outlines a new direction for climate policy after the collapse of last year 's attempts to negotiate a global climate deal .
Indeed , today 's enthusiasm for currency unions ignores the poor track record of previous attempts on the continent to establish them through peaceful means .
Even more irresponsible are attempts to undermine a requirement for adequate due diligence on securitization positions prior to investing -- with some amendments containing wording that would make it virtually impossible for supervisors to monitor compliance .
This incited many attempts to rehabilitate Stalin , especially during the 20 years of Leonid Brezhnev 's rule , which we now call the period of `` stagnation . ''
These are steps toward the unification of a state and nation , and not attempts to gain revenge or break up Russia .
Worse yet , the knowledge that some law or regulation covers every aspect of employment poisons the workplace and discourages attempts to resolve problems pragmatically .
This compromise attempts to square the circle by combining the intergovernmental and unionist approaches .
In parallel to their attempts to delay or prevent regulation through assertions of scientific uncertainty , polluters and manufacturers of hazardous products have promoted the `` junk science '' movement , which attempts to influence public opinion by ridiculing scientists whose research threatens powerful interests , irrespective of the quality of that scientist 's research .
Independent Ukraine has been free of ethnic conflicts , even though there has been no shortage of attempts to incite them .
Mitigation attempts to reduce these flows and thus reduce the rate of increase of the stock of carbon in the atmosphere , with the ultimate goal of stabilizing or reducing it to safe levels .
He criticized France 's attempts to appear as a modern crusader , incurring the wrath of Catholics in the United States in particular .
In foreign policy , Germany has no real global game plan : witness its blunders over Libya , and its clumsy attempts to gain a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council .
Despite government attempts since then to shut the paper down-arresting and even torturing some of its staff , as well as tampering with its circulation and newsprint supply - The Daily News adhered to its slogan of `` telling it like it is . ''
The `` no '' vote not only forestalled attempts by President Mwai Kibaki and his inner circle to tighten their grip on power , but it also confirmed to ordinary Kenyans the power of the ballot box .
But attempts to apply the same severe medicine to Boko Haram have backfired .
Nevertheless , Nigerians have seen little of the crude `` vote for my tribe '' politicking that doomed previous attempts at democratic rule .
Nearly $ 7 billion dollars has entered the region in remittances , yet there is no single economic policy that attempts to leverage the development potential of this gift .
The US Secretary of State 's decision to make her first overseas trip to Asia , particularly China , was a smart one and , if done with aplomb , could yield enormous returns for the Obama administration as it attempts to re-establish world leadership .
Even if Israel 's current war against Gaza is a just war -- which is suggested by its attempts at limited and `` measured '' retaliation after eight years of Hamas rockets followed its unilateral retreat from Gaza -- it is therefore a very dirty war , too .
Chicago economists seem to believe that real-world outcomes are acceptably unfair and , more importantly , that attempts to remedy unfairness are too costly , because tampering with markets causes economic inefficiency .
Despite immediate attempts by his lawyers to locate him , his whereabouts remained unknown for days .
Yet Obama 's attempts to reform health care have run into hysterical opposition .
His attempts to revive the economy have inevitably driven up the deficit . But no recovery in the labor or housing markets has yet materialized .
Its leaders seem to have interpreted Obama 's attempts to engage with them , down-playing bilateral aggravations , as a sign of American weakness in the wake of Wall Street 's crash and military reverses in Iraq and Afghanistan .
We must also hope that his attempts to act as a peace-broker between West Bank Palestinians and Israel are blessed with success .
It is , of course , easier to mock the attempts of organizations such as USAID to tackle poppy production than provide a viable solution .
Viewed in strictly economic terms , it is not surprising that Great Britain would not give up its rebate , while France would reject attempts to cut farm subsidies .
Syria , however , can not be ignored , since it is capable of undermining attempts at reaching an Israeli-Palestinian track or stabilizing Lebanon .
Representatives of his regime are still concerned about what they see as externally backed attempts to stage a `` velvet revolution '' in the country , but there is little fear of new challenges from within .
The author finds the government of a `` Russia getting up off its knees '' to consist of progressive modernizers fully aware of the challenges facing their country as it attempts to `` return to the great powers club . ''
Importing laws and legal standards has dominated attempts by former communist countries to join the West .
Recent attempts to remedy this under the Capital Requirements Directive have been disappointing , even though it was plainly the best that could be achieved politically given EU countries ' differing views on prudential supervision .
While attempts to stir up hatred against adherents of a religion , or to incite violence against them , may legitimately be suppressed , criticism of religion as such should not be .
Politicians will not sit quietly , however , if the Fed attempts to raise rates .
Cory provided policy guidance as Commander-in-Chief , but trusted the Defense Department and Armed Forces to carry out their missions in the face of 9 coup attempts which were all frustrated . These mutinies were all death-dealing situations that threatened national stability , and yet she never flinched .
A heightened security agenda since the attacks on the United States in September 2001 has included attempts to legitimize the use of `` extraordinary rendition '' -LRB- the movement between countries of prisoners and suspects without due process of law -RRB- and torture .
As the private sector deleverages and attempts to rebuild its balance sheets , consumption and investment demand have collapsed , bringing output down with them .
Of course , I may be far too optimistic in thinking that the tragedy in the Gulf will spur a more sensible energy policy that attempts to moderate consumption rather than constantly seeking new ways to fuel it .
Contrary to his predictions , capitalism spawned ever-higher standards of living for more than a century , while attempts to implement radically different systems have fallen spectacularly short .
Recent attempts by Filipino lawyers to prosecute civil claims for environmental tort and human rights abuses before American courts demonstrate just how desperate Filipino claimants are to seek redress against those who have acted negligently or with impunity .
As for a bit of history - following Guatemala 's transition from military rule to electoral democracy , Ríos Montt made several attempts in the 1990 's to run for president .
Even China is showing signs of a slowdown , owing to the government 's attempts to control economic overheating .
After enormous difficulties , uncertainties , and constant attempts to derail the process , Venezuelans will vote on August 15th to decide whether President Hugo Chávez should be recalled and new presidential elections held .
And , in an attempt to preserve its turf , the Board constantly attempts to keep the IMFC from discussing anything of substance .
We learned that a state that attempts to determine everything violates our independence and responsibility as individuals .
When Israel attempts vainly to defeat Hezbollah , it tries to avoid painful but necessary political compromises over disputed territory .
Recent attempts to influence developments in these countries through threats and sanctions , and sometimes war , have failed .
The Roots of America 's Financial Crisis CAMBRIDGE -- The US Federal Reserve 's desperate attempts to keep America 's economy from sinking are remarkable for at least two reasons .
However , while Pakistan 's progressives oppose militarism and violence in principle , religious fundamentalists have no compunction in resorting to violence to reinforce their point of view - thus posing a threat not just to General Musharraf , who has survived at least two assassination attempts , but also to human rights workers .
So it vigorously opposed all of the half-hearted attempts to regulate the financial sector .
All other attempts to shape the political atmosphere and influence events , especially by a powerful oligarch , violate this logic .
There has been no `` return '' to Soviet or pre-revolutionary times , despite the regime 's attempts to appropriate the symbols of Czarist Russia .
All of this is part of a larger program that attempts to measure changes in the city 's quality of life , so that the city council can know whether it is taking the community in a desirable direction .
Quite apart from these weak attempts to justify Bush 's statement as `` technically accurate , '' the more serious charge is that even if what Bush said really were technically accurate , it still would have been designed to mislead the world into thinking that Iraq had been trying to buy uranium in Africa .
One reason for this is that large resource endowments provide a huge financial incentive for attempts to overthrow the government and seize power .
Herd behavior arises , Keynes thought , not from attempts to deceive , but from the fact that , in the face of the unknown , we seek safety in numbers .
Additionally , there have been attempts to create new posts , develop labor-intensive industries and small and medium sized firms , promote the private sector , and encourage service jobs , plus offering occupational training : the government allocated an additional 4.7 billion yuan expressly for job creation in 2004 .
Despite many attempts at reform , the funds spent on US national elections grow every time voters go to the polls .
America 's most recent campaign finance law attempts to limit the influence that special interests can gain by financing candidates and so level the playing field between the Republican and Democratic parties .
These technical difficulties stood in the way of previous attempts to put the SDRs to practical use , but they do not apply to the proposed green fund .
But , because they are freely tradable , they can be used to mount bear raids -- a type of stock market strategy by which a trader -LRB- or group of traders -RRB- attempts to force down the price of a stock to cover a short position .
Indeed , attempts to coordinate economic policy across the G-20 , which accounts for 85 % of global GDP , fell short of what was hoped for in 2010 .
Such attempts at blame-shifting are misguided : one can understand the default as the consequence of economic mistakes made over a decade .
Failures in Indonesia , Thailand , and Korea of 1997 were followed by failures in Russia and Brazil the next year : in those cases , attempts to maintain exchange rates at overvalued levels left taxpayers in those countries billions of dollars poorer .
The Arthur Anderson , Enron , and WorldCom scandals did n't emerge out of thin air , but had their origins in the mid-1990s , when the US Treasury actually intervened to stop attempts by the supposedly independent accounting standards board to improve matters .
A more balanced agenda would balance attempts to ease capital flows with efforts to facilitate the flow of labor , including unskilled labor .
A balanced budget amendment to the US Constitution was rejected , as were attempts to change the Federal Reserve 's charter , which mandates that it focus on employment and growth , as well as inflation .
Under such a regime , glimmerings of which can already be seen , attempts to protect our children from tobacco , even with mild measures such as restricting advertising , could be struck down !
America 's system of government , however , recognizes all of this , and attempts to guard against it .
But these attempts will almost surely fail ; in the end -- though it may take years -- cotton subsidies will be eliminated .
If a government attempts to push the unemployment rate too low , inflation will increase , and so , too , will inflationary expectations .
Unlike the US , the EU 's difficulties stem not from a perceived lack of legitimacy or crude attempts at promoting democracy , but from a real lack of unity and , therefore , influence .
Liberalization attempts in energy and public utilities have faltered , perhaps also because the government pockets monopoly rents through dividends from public enterprises .
The fact that Tawang , the birthplace of the sixth Dalai Lama and a major monastery of Tibetan Buddhism , lies in Arunachal , deprives China of a vital asset in its attempts to assert total control over Tibet .
This episode , along with two climbdowns by Pakistan 's government after public attempts to curb the ISI had been spurned by the Army , confirmed that the civilian government in Islamabad is too weak to challenge the all-powerful military .
It is , however , beyond doubt that in a financially integrated Europe , attempts at new and better regulation will be effective only if such reforms are not limited to the national level .
The tragic consequences of eleventh-hour attempts to save the Shah in Iran should not be forgotten .
The galvanizing leadership of France and the United Kingdom was vital in assembling an alliance of support that included the Arab League and the United States , and in overcoming the divisions that often plague Europe 's attempts to punch its weight on the world stage -LRB- Germany , we are looking at you -RRB- .
Second , no matter how well meaning our attempts to reduce distress and prevent psychiatric disorder , and no matter how self-evident the intervention , we still require firm proof of the benefits .
And yet attempts to view canine smarts as cut from the same cloth as human intelligence gloss over a lot of the details about how dogs and humans operate .
The Wahhabi religious establishment , the Saudi state 's hidden co-rulers , could very well obstruct Abdullah 's attempts at regional religious reconciliation .
