Moreover , any attempt by Musharraf to dislodge the government by using his constitutional authority would trigger another election , the results of which would not be much different from the vote in February .
Nevertheless , fourteen civil society activists who attempted to organize a special meeting to address the realities of the Kurdish issue in Syria recently received various sentences on charges of working to undermine national unity .
It is unlikely that the Kremlin would attempt another military intervention in Kosovo -LRB- their effort in 1999 to land troops at Pristina airport was a fiasco -RRB- , but it has a range of options that must give the West pause .
In Gaza , where Hamas is in charge , the high price of armed resistance to Israel has discredited any attempts to revive the conflict .
Whenever a government attempts to liberalize the electricity industry , unions and firms join forces in opposition .
Generating sufficient political support to enact reforms that can survive the opposition of vested interests requires attempting to deregulate the entire economy simultaneously , not select industries , one by one .
Or , to put it differently , special interests have become so powerful and entrenched that any attempt at reform brings out a powerful lobby against it .
Finally , the Commission `` underestimated '' competitors ' ability to react to `` any attempted restriction of capacity , '' either by increasing supply or by entering `` the relevant market quickly . ''
People simply were n't ready last December when a first attempt was made to finalize agreement .
Would politicians , with their perpetual fascination with `` independence , '' attempt to eliminate dependence one commodity at a time ?
The remaining weeks of 2008 will be crucial to Europe 's efforts to regain the initiative and to attempt to attenuate the effects of the crisis while also addressing unresolved problems on the EU reform agenda .
This could lead to a fiscal catastrophe for the government at the very moment when the country is attempting a complicated political transition .
Central banks are currently attempting to plug one leak as the next appears .
Georgians today hardly feel supportive of their president , Mikheil Saakashvili , who , in a foolish attempt to regain control over South Ossetia , provoked Russia to drop its peacekeeping mission in the region and turn its full military might to pushing Georgian troops out of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , and then to occupying much of Georgia .
Over the past month , concerned citizens in both Russia and Georgia have started to make attempts to build alliances and reach out to each other outside of the government-controlled media and structures .
Moreover , when Ahmed Qaddaf al-Dam and Said Rashwan , two leading figures in the regime , visited Egypt and attempted to recruit tribes with Libyan branches to attack the Qaddafi-free East from Egypt 's western desert , they came away with nothing .
Thus spoke Saif al-Islam al-Qaddafi in March 2010 , referring to the leaders of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group -LRB- LIFG -RRB- , an armed organization that had attempted to assassinate his father , Muammar al-Qaddafi , three times in the mid-1990 's .
Consider Sayyid Qutb , the Islamist intellectual who influenced Bin Laden and others . Qutb was executed by Gamel Abdel Nasser 's dictatorship in Egypt in August 1966 , in an attempt to reduce his influence .
The same applies to the Islamic Group , a movement implicated in violent acts in almost a dozen countries throughout the 1980 's and 1990 's , including armed insurgency in Egypt , bombings in the United States and Croatia , assassination attempts in Ethiopia , and training camps in Afghanistan .
So Russia 's attempts to bring these countries to heel are likely to continue and remain a bone of contention and conflict .
The region in and around Syria is also populated by extremist Islamist groups that are attempting to expand their spheres of influence - and that are quick to capitalize on instability in any country .
Similarly , Kurdish attempts at autonomy before WWII were drowned in bloody massacres of tens of thousands of innocent civilians , and even the Assyrian Christian minority -- a relatively small group , with no political ambitions -- was exposed to murderous assaults in the 1930 's .
Under these conditions , with the Sunni ruling minority constantly feeling threatened , it was no accident that the only attempt in any Arab country to establish something like a pro-Nazi fascist regime occurred in Iraq in the early 1940 's under Rashid Ali al-Khailani .
Nor has Saddam 's fall changed this fact : anti-US violence is not only an expression of anger at foreign occupation ; it is also a Sunni attempt to abort the establishment of a democratic order that would put them -- the historical masters -- in a subordinate position .
When Turkey invaded Cyprus in 1974 after an abortive attempt by the Greek military junta in Athens to carry out Enosis -LRB- unification with Greece -RRB- , 250,000 or so Greek Cypriots were uprooted from their homes .
While Iraq - an attempt to import democracy by force - is failing , the paradoxical conditions of an Arab democracy under Israeli occupation may be a threat that Arab rulers have not yet comprehended .
Sadly , this is only the latest chapter in the Palestinians ' tragic history of failed attempts to create a nation-state .
The Oslo process has failed ; an attempt to revive it -- say , by way of the Beirut Arab peace initiative -- will merely bring into the open all of the existing disagreements between the two sides , and will not overcome the Palestinian failure at nation-building .
It justified Turkey 's policy vis-à-vis the Kurdish Regional Government in Northern Iraq , its involvement in Bosnia and in Kosovo , its rapprochement with Syria , and also its attempt to mediate between Syria and Israel .
To bring them to the negotiating table again is not a breakthrough , but rather an attempt at damage control .
Erdo?an 's policy re-orientation vis-à-vis Israel can be understood as an attempt not only to overcome traditional Arab suspicion of Turkey , given its imperial past , but also to present a more moderate Islamic alternative to theocratic Iran and its unpredictable president .
After some procrastination and an initial failed attempt , Milosevic has been arrested , without bloodshed , though not without danger .
Let the international community show the same compassion and understanding to the Serbian people it applies when it has to decide whether to risk its own soldiers in an attempt to apprehend Karadzic and Mladic .
The current reintegration plan , like two previous attempts at disarmament , falls short of credibly demobilizing armed groups and regulating the arms trade .
Any attempt to use expansionary government policies to drive unemployment below a certain level , they demonstrated , would fuel inflationary expectations and undermine both economic growth and employment .
Contrary to popular cliché , PiS 's victory in 2005 did not result from `` reform fatigue , '' since there were not many reforms implemented in 2000-2005 -LRB- except for an ambitious but partially blocked attempt at fiscal consolidation -RRB- .
One favorite trick was to create enormous obstacles to even minimal attempts at cracking down on war criminals .
During his twenty months as CCP General Secretary , Zhao created a culture in which the Politburo refrained from interfering in the courts , and he stopped its attempts to control literature and the arts .
But their attempts to conceal the truth about the past only reveal their weakness and their shamelessness .
Of course , the Moldovan government balks at any attempt to lure away its citizens .
When the Nasserite party attempted to overthrow Saleh less than 100 days into his presidency , al-Ahmar defended him and quashed the coup .
On the military side , simmering tensions between two officers are frustrating combat strategy . Colonel Khalifa Hifter , a close Qaddafi supporter before he deserted following his capture by Chadian forces in 1987 during Libya 's war with its southern neighbor , has proved unwilling to fall into line behind the chief of staff , former Interior Minister Abdul Fatah Younis . Such political and military spats are likely to continue as officials attempt to consolidate their positions .
State-guided capitalism describes economies where growth is a central economic objective -LRB- as it is in the other two forms of capitalism -RRB- , but attempts to achieve it by favoring specific firms or industries .
Governments allocate credit -LRB- through direct bank ownership or by guiding credit decisions by privately owned banks -RRB- , provide direct subsidies and\/or tax incentives , grant trade protection , or use other regulatory devices in an attempt to `` pick winners . ''
In fact , the US stress tests did n't attempt to estimate the losses that banks have suffered on many of the `` toxic assets '' that have been at the heart of the financial crisis .
Regulators could encourage each bank to sell part of its toxic portfolio and extrapolate the portfolio 's value from the price obtained in such a sale , or they could attempt to estimate the portfolio 's value as well as they can on their own .
It may be , as President Mubarak 's critics argue , that the faltering progress of democratization reflects the attempt to block all potential challengers to Gamal .
Of course , the Alliance of Civilizations should not attempt to bridge differences by defending moral relativism .
The demarche with Lebanon , to which US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice devoted most of her recent surprise visit to Beirut , has much to do with America 's desperate attempt to revive its role as the main regional peace broker .
The bones of contention that wrecked previous attempts to reach an Israeli-Syrian peace have realistic solutions , as was shown by the back-channel peace talks recently held between an Israeli ex-official and a Syrian with close connections to the regime .
Israel and the United States failed resoundingly in their attempt to dislodge Hamas from Gaza , or in forcing it to accept conditions for an end to the international boycott .
Hamas 's offensive is not an attempt to draw Israel into a costly invasion that might shake its regime .
Nor is the movement 's brinkmanship entirely irrational , for the legacy of Israel 's 2006 abortive attempt to destroy Hezbollah is that , for the first time in the country 's history , the military establishment is advocating restraint and actively curbing the more hawkish measures being proposed in cabinet meetings .
Are some Europeans , many Israelis ask , attempting to use Israel as a means to rid themselves of guilt over the Jewish question , and with it the Jews ' unbearable claim to moral superiority , by lightheartedly equating them with the perpetrators of the Shoah ?
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's missionary zeal to replace Egypt as the essential regional mediator , and his violent tirades against Israel 's behavior in Gaza , looks to many people like an attempt to recover Turkey 's Ottoman-era role as the guarantor of regional peace and security .
Europe 's persistence in snubbing Turkey 's attempts to join the European Union , the rise of violent anti-Western popular sentiment in the wake of the Iraq war , and strained relations with the US -- owing in part to the forthcoming Armenian Genocide Act -- are major factors in Turkey 's change of direction .
The `` Alliance of the Periphery '' was a creative attempt to escape the consequences of the Arab-Israeli conflict .
The arrest warrant for al-Bashir should not be allowed to spur further attempts by his government to sabotage the CPA and the fragile process leading to the 2011 referendum .
But emphasizing the reduction of social inequalities does not sit easily with America 's profoundly individualistic ethos , and the attempt to `` Europeanize '' the nature of the social contract between the state and its citizens might yet crash against the constitutive principles of the American system .
The Palestinians are attempting to hold the stick at both ends , claiming before the world their endorsement of the two-state solution while calling for the right of return at the same time .
America 's difficulties in Afghanistan -- and the serious problems it faces in harnessing Pakistan 's government to a more robust fight against the Taliban both at home and in Afghanistan -- provide an opportunity for these powers to attempt to shift the dynamics of the `` Great Game '' to their benefit .
The move of mainstream Islamists , like the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt , the Islamic Action Front in Jordan , Hamas in Palestine , the Renaissance Party in Tunisia , or the Party of Justice and Development in Morocco , away from jihadism to political participation started well before America 's democracy promotion campaign , and is not an attempt to please the West .
Iran 's viciously anti-Semitic rhetoric is a transparent attempt to deceive its terrified Arab neighbors by presenting its military might as the spearhead of an all-Muslim confrontation with Israel .
Such a resolution would neutralize thorny `` narrative '' issues , such as the right of return , which have shattered every attempt to reach a settlement .
Mubarak conveniently focused on the `` peace process , '' which explains his jealousy at Turkey 's recent attempts to usurp the role of regional broker .
The rocket attacks against Israeli territory are a transparent attempt to divert attention and rally the masses around Hamas as the true champions of the Palestinian cause .
Indeed , Mubarak has already called for a resumption of inter-Palestinian dialogue , which might lead to yet another attempt at a national unity government , the same kind of government with which both Israel and the US refused to do business .
The Saudis certainly have an interest in supporting this last ditch American attempt for an Israeli-Palestinian peace , especially now that , for the first time ever , Israel has refrained from opposing an arms deal between the US and Saudi Arabia .
But the lesson from this experience is not that countries should attempt to reverse financial integration -- to do so would be both unfeasible and unwise -- but that they should reduce its risks .
Yet , despite valiant attempts by the new European Banking Authority to mandate and coordinate the measures that are needed , a European solution must take account of the network of foreign subsidiaries across Europe .
Indeed , a constitution is by its nature an attempt to `` tame '' history , to make it follow the laws of man rather than its own logic , including unwelcome contingencies and the whims of fate .
Although as small countries they have learned that the big ones usually get their way , they deeply resented the Berlin meeting because they see in it an attempt to limit their rights in the club they are about to join .
The attempt by some NGOs and activists to impose a straitjacket on CSR , reflecting their priorities , is misguided and must be rejected .
It all smacks of a politically directed attempt by Yanukovich and his supporters to rid themselves of a powerful opponent before the next election .
And yet both available strategies -- doing nothing or attempting to modernize -- have obvious pitfalls .
But some effort to stimulate the economy at the outset of the crisis could have been attempted .
The Nobelists ' point is that , as far as therapeutic cloning is concerned , rather than attempting global prohibition , it would be much wiser , and possibly more effective , to promote an international regulatory regime through ample legalization of stem cell research .
A large majority of the UN adopted the proposal on 15 November , despite attempts by some member states to obstruct , amend , or bury it .
Sarkozy , despite initial attempts to roll back some French entitlements , has thus far produced less reform than Cameron or Harper , let alone Ronald Reagan or Margaret Thatcher in the 1980 's .
In this combustible environment , policymakers are desperately using various vehicles -- including the ECB , the International Monetary Fund , and the European Financial Stability Facility -- in an attempt to stem the financial panic , contagion , and risk of recession .
But the attempt by Japan 's powerful trade and industry , and finance ministries to micromanage the economy is one reason the Japanese wound up with a burst asset bubble , a lost decade , three recessions , and by far the highest public debt-to-GDP ratio of any advanced economy .
With the votes in Iraq 's election in December now counted , attempts to form a new government are set to move into high gear .
Since seizing power following a 1999 coup , Musharraf has survived at least three serious assassination attempts .
With all that in mind , this latest move by Turkey 's parliament should be seen more as an ultimatum to Iraq 's Kurdish Regional Government to expel the Turkish Kurds and an attempt to persuade the US to use its considerable influence there .
Both Sunni Arabs and Kurds already resent al Maliki 's mild reaction to Iran 's recent shelling of Iraqi territory -- an attempt to strike at Iranian Kurdish militants fleeing across its border with Iraq .
Mofaz 's statement is symptomatic of a perception that is now deeply entrenched , not only in the Middle East , but in the United States as well . That notion is of a hegemonic Iran that is attempting to dominate the region through an array of Shiite proxies .
This time , unlike in 1997 , the United States did not even attempt to torpedo this embryonic `` Asian Monetary Fund . ''
With his stunning victory in Sunday 's second round of Brazil 's presidential elections , Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva -LRB- `` Lula '' -RRB- has finally achieved his goal after four attempts .
If , however , it is to orchestrate a regime change -- which it might attempt to do -- it will not likely disregard these groups and their powerbases by imposing their former commander on the political system .
The judiciary is also more active , and is attempting to force the executive to remain within the bounds of the constitution .
If that is not possible because of the presence of a large and disciplined military , the Islamists might attempt to carve out some space for themselves in which to establish a separate system of governance more fully aligned with what they view as the principles of Islam .
But attempts to implement socialist or communist ideals through force ended in oppression and mass murder .
Its early postwar democracy was so unruly , with mass demonstrations , militant trade unions , and vigorous left-wing parties , that a deliberate attempt was made to squeeze politics out of the system and impose the boredom of a one-party state .
His efforts to provide better healthcare for Americans , for example , is not so much an innovation , as an attempt to catch up with arrangements which most Europeans and Japanese have long taken for granted .
Multi-culturalists saw attempts to integrate non-Westerners into the Western mainstream as a form of neo-colonialist racism , while xenophobes just did n't like anything that looked , talked , or smelled foreign .
Indeed , anti-Zionist leftists frequently attempt to discredit Israel by comparing its actions in Gaza and the West Bank to Nazi atrocities .
And Turkish society has benefited greatly from its attempt -- not yet perfect , not yet complete -- to come up to European standards .
On April 22 , 2004 , a train explosion at Ryongchon killed 160 people and injured 1,300 . Many believe that it was an attempt to assassinate Kim , whose custom-built train passed through Ryongchon a few hours before the blast .
This trend accelerated as the current Bush administration attempted to construct unilateral global hegemony out of the `` War on Terror , '' which provoked growing disquiet in `` Old Europe . ''
As Argentina 's economy lost access to credit in late 2001 , the government resorted to desperate measures in a vain attempt to avert disaster .
Yet tragically , in a misguided attempt to thwart the spread of HIV and AIDS , lawmakers in many parts of the world have passed criminal statues that promote ignorance about the disease , punish its victims , and enhance the chances that the virus will infect new victims .
Following an assassination attempt by an aide-de-camp , Dadis Camara fled the country , and the interim junta leader , General Sékouba Konaté , allowed the opposition political parties to appoint a civilian prime minister .
So what should developing countries do , aside from maintaining sound macroeconomic policies , curbing excessive domestic financial leverage , and attempting to isolate themselves from volatile capital inflows ?
They offered to exchange the soldier for the release of 95 women and 313 children who are among almost 10,000 Arabs in Israeli prisons , but this time Israel rejected a swap and attacked Gaza in an attempt to free the soldier and stop rocket fire into Israel .
On a recent trip through the Middle East , I attempted to gain a better understanding of the crisis .
All attempts by the communist regime to sever the links between the Catholic Church and the Polish nation failed .
For nearly a decade , any attempt to recast the debate about the events of September 11 , 2001 , away from the prevailing theological narrative has been depicted as subversive and unpatriotic .
On the other hand , however , the Court 's decision is one of those judicial pronouncements that attempts to give something to everybody and leave everything as it was .
The Court 's decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds .
In Guatemala , once again , President Oscar Berger was obviously proud to receive Bush , but failed to obtain a commitment from him to stop the inhuman , hateful Homeland Security raids by US law enforcement officers against undocumented immigrants , exemplified by the detention and attempt at deportation , on the eve of Bush 's visit , of nearly 300 Guatemalans working at a Massachussetts , military vest factory .
At least since December 1956 , when Fidel and Raúl Castro , together with a young Argentine doctor , later known as Che Guevara , sailed from Mexico 's port of Tuxpan to Cuba and into history , the region has seen innumerable attempts by small left-wing revolutionary groups to take power through armed uprisings .
In the month of May , before the summer 's searing and deadly heat , local authorities estimated a daily average of 1,000 migrants attempting to cross .
The ALBA countries decided they would concede nothing to Obama , and attempt , instead , to back him into a corner : either the US would go along with the new OAS consensus , angering both parts of the Cuban-American lobby and the human rights community by abandoning principles and commitments , or the US would have to act alone -LRB- perhaps with Canada by its side -RRB- , leaving it totally isolated in Latin America -- the last thing Obama wants .
It will nonetheless attempt to have its allies push for some sort of association with the IDB , while at the same time radicalizing its stance elsewhere , as it is now doing in El Salvador .
Making matters worse , the region also witnessed a superficially silly but actually dangerous attempt by the ALBA countries -- Cuba , Venezuela , Nicaragua , Ecuador , Bolivia , and Paraguay -- to create , with the acquiescence of Mexico , Brazil , and Argentina , a regional organization excluding the United States and Canada .
The `` Americas-2 '' radical left is receding moderately , yet it can still maintain its positions and defeat any attempts to roll back its influence .
Lula 's attempt , together with Turkey , to broker a deal between Iran and the West failed when the US convinced Russia and China , along with countries such as Mexico , to approve a new round of UN sanctions against Iran .
Similarly , a cable concerning a Mexican-sponsored attempt earlier this year to create something like the Organization of American States , but without the US and Canada , is chockfull of largely accurate but excessive rhetoric blasting Mexican diplomacy .
And , as recently as a few months ago , a French intellectual 's activism was crucial to initiating the so-far unsuccessful attempt to bring down Libya 's Colonel Muammar Qaddafi .
The Jewish community in the United States , and to a lesser extent President Barack Obama 's administration , has attempted to convince Chile and Mexico , which have not yet made their stances explicit , that nothing would be gained by isolating Israel -LRB- or the US , for that matter -RRB- on this issue .
And now , on the European and American attempt to impose UN-mandated sanctions on Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad , the BRICS have gone from bad to worse .
Thus , the accusations -- and facts -- about the PT 's flagrant violations of Brazil 's campaign-finance laws , together with its apparently brazen attempts to buy votes in Congress -LRB- not unlike what often occurs in more mature democracies -RRB- is not very surprising .
This will be Ortega 's fifth run for the presidency , having lost his last three attempts .
The anti-secession law 's vague language and attempt at softened wording -- perhaps geared toward mollifying foreign critics -- paradoxically increases rather than decreases the likelihood that China and the United States could be unwittingly and unwillingly drawn into an avoidable military conflict .
Despite several weeks of intense US pressure to soften - or even retract - the proposed law , China 's leaders did little more than attempt to reinforce their position that `` non-peaceful '' -LRB- i.e. , military -RRB- measures would serve strictly as a last resort - which had already been assumed anyway .
The means of this denial were the annihilation of offending populations -- the Jews foremost among them -- in a merciless attempt at social purification .
Beijing 's 2004 spat with South Korea over the ancient kingdom of Koguryo -- triggered by a revised historical claim posted on the Chinese foreign ministry 's Web site that the empire , founded in the Tongge river basin of northern Korea , was Chinese -- was seen as an attempt to hedge China 's options vis-à-vis a potentially unified Korea .
Now , with his China strategy falling apart , Obama is seeking to do exactly what his predecessor attempted -- to line up partners as an insurance policy in case China 's rising power slides into arrogance .
The US has been lucky to escape further terrorist strikes since September 11 , 2001 , despite several attempts .
The lower-Mekong countries , for example , view China 's strategy as an attempt to `` divide and conquer . ''
The most common type of intrusion is an attempt to hack into e-mail accounts .
In reality , of course , governments typically attempt to keep much more than this secret .
He recently survived two assassination attempts , and Islamists accuse him of entering into a `` bargain '' with the infidel enemy , India .
Increasing knowledge of human genetics , for example , led to attempts to reject criminal responsibility , based on the inappropriate belief that genes predetermine actions .
These attempts failed , and neuroscientific pursuits seem similarly unlikely to overturn our views on human free will and responsibility .
President Gloria Arroyo 's government is on the ropes , with a state of emergency declared in February , following an abortive coup attempt and months of instability arising from allegations of fraud in the 2004 elections .
McCain 's selection of Palin was an attempt to appeal to these mothers and to pick up votes from women disappointed about Clinton 's loss .
Moreover , joining NATO means subsuming Romania 's military and intelligence services under NATO command -LRB- i.e. American -RRB- control , thus any attempt at staging a coup , or stirring up trouble between Romanians and our sizeable Hungarian minority , can be prevented .
The advancing force of Islamophobia in Europe and the US , with its attempt to reduce Islam 's complex and varied history to a few demagogic slogans , is the kind of utterly ignorant stupidity -- there 's no better description of it -- on which democratic societies founder .
When it comes to values , any attempt to divide the American and the European traditions is misguided .
Indeed , proving that a politician is a liar is just about the only way to get rid of him or her quickly and terminally , which is why the attempt is so attractive to political opponents .
They are intrinsically time-bound attempts to come to terms with issues , and they should be allowed to run their course if they are based on deliberations by elected majorities of representatives .
It also spares us the attempt to stick all kinds of possibly desirable objectives into the definition , like equality in social as well as technical terms , a general theory of the actual process of `` democratisation , '' or even a set of civic virtues of participation .
`` Thatcherism '' was not really much of an ideology ; it was more a gut reaction to the stagnant 1970 's , an attempt to loosen the bureaucratic straitjacket of the state and to reveal that not everything that arose from state benevolence was good .
Pathetic attempts to go it alone have not made Europe stronger , and anti-Americanism harms Europe more than the US .
He bore his suffering since the assassination attempt of 1981 with dignity .
Still , in its own way Poland has followed a similar path after 1989 : first the new , then the attempt to come to terms with the past .
What has come to be called money laundering , that is , the attempt to turn illicit gains into legitimate riches , provides one example of the need for action .
The latter point , which no doubt reflects the Obama administration 's attempts to reform the dysfunctional system it inherited , is particularly important , as the sharpest declines in investment intentions were among those who had lost confidence in the government 's ability to regulate .
The Swiss were concerned about the franc 's rise , especially against the euro , and intervened heavily in an attempt to hold it down .
A weak interim national government -- or a United Nations or foreign occupying administration -- should not attempt to implement policies such as privatizing national resources when doing so might incite political resistance .
Consider the claims -- rampant nowadays in the US -- that further government attempts to alleviate unemployment will fail , because America 's current high unemployment is `` structural '' : a failure of economic calculation has left the country with the wrong productive resources to satisfy household and business demand .
Or consider the claims -- also rampant these days -- that further government attempts to increase demand , whether through monetary policy to alleviate a liquidity squeeze , banking policy to increase risk tolerance , or fiscal policy to provide a much-needed savings vehicle , will similarly fail .
The Fed can not reduce short-term interest rates below zero , so it is attempting via this policy of `` quantitative easing '' to reduce longer-term interest rates .
But a quarter of my brain wonders how investors should attempt to insure against the lowest tail of the economic-political distribution , and that quarter of my brain can not see which way somebody hoping to insure against that risk should jump .
In the first scenario , China continues to attempt to maintain full employment in Shanghai , Guangzhou , and elsewhere not by stimulating domestic demand but by trying to boost exports further by keeping the renminbi stable against the dollar and falling in value against the euro .
In this scenario , once again China continues to attempt to maintain full employment by keeping the renminbi undervalued . But this time , the Chinese government manages to restrain domestic inflation , so America 's trade deficit with Asia stops falling and starts rising again , as does Europe 's , while Latin America finds itself priced out of its export markets .
Economists have spent their lives attempting to evolve theories that would account for how salient features of reality might emerge if we did live in their ideal world , but since we do n't , their theoretical enterprise is of doubtful utility .
And any attempt to make investment bankers suffer more last fall and winter would have put the entire support operation at risk .
As Fed Vice Chairman Don Kohn said , ensuring that a few thousand investment bankers receive their just financial punishment is a non-starter when attempts to do so put the jobs of millions of Americans -- and tens of millions outside the US -- at risk .
NATO 's attempt to change public perceptions of its objectives and operations is also in effect a long-term effort .
A similar situation exists in the steel industry , where the central government has made repeated unsuccessful attempts to close small furnaces .
At the end of 2008 , one company attempted to beat a new path .
The possible connection between Perisic 's arrest and Milosevic 's trial is this : Perisic might have been attempting to give information about the Army 's involvement in actions of interest to the Hague prosecutors .
Djindjic himself narrowly escaped a highway assassination attempt only last month .
Conservatives in the United States , for example , frequently rail against the `` madness '' of Islamic terrorists , and regard attempts to understand terrorism as appeasement or liberalism gone wild .
In the wake of September 11 , 2001 , in particular , many on the right mistook the attempt to understand or explain the terrorists ' actions as an effort to condone them .
He or she should not attempt to centralize information , but rather to make it flow more smoothly .
But modern democracies -- especially those conducted on the Anglo-Saxon model -- take this further , by attempting to separate not only the private from the public , but the person from the politician .
The Miliband race was an extreme example of what might be called counter-nepotism -- the attempt to abstract the politician from all private attachments .
It is almost as if governments like Britain 's are attempting to manipulate the private sector into believing that the dire conditions required for an expansionary fiscal consolidation have already been met .
Of course , an earlier attempt was made to create a commercial market in SDR-denominated claims .
But I also suspect that their heads are cautioning against spending a lot of money in an attempt to accomplish a difficult , if not impossible , task .
It was Russia 's attempt , only two and a half years ago , to install Yanukovich as President via rampant electoral fraud that touched off the `` Orange Revolution . ''
Or if the initial attempt made on Saddam 's life in the war 's first hours had been successful .
And , with Cold War tensions long past , it is all too easy for policymakers and publics to resist the doomsayers , be complacent about the threats that these weapons continue to pose , and to regard attempts to eliminate them , or contain their spread , as well-meaning but futile .
The final , and usually toughest , legitimacy test attempts to balance the consequences : Will those at risk be better or worse off ?
This was always the showstopper in Darfur : any attempted invasion of Sudan would have been disastrous for the two million displaced people , and would have re-ignited the country 's even deadlier north-south conflict .
This test explains the effective impunity of China , Russia , or any other major power ; however badly it behaves internally , any attempted invasion would trigger a much larger conflagration .
China 's central government has attempted this for the past 10 years through its `` Western Development Program . ''
Worse still , they have made no serious attempt to identify why their earlier predictions have had to be revised .
But when foreign investors do n't want to continue to hold dollar securities , their attempts to sell them will push down their value until the combination of reduced exposure and reduced fear of further dollar decline makes them willing to hold the outstanding stock of dollar securities .
No one attempts to use tariffs to balance those government-created differences in competitiveness , and there should be no such attempts if a cap-and-trade system is introduced .
If an international agreement to impose a cap-and-trade scheme is adopted in Copenhagen , the countries there should agree as well that there will be no attempt to introduce offsetting tariffs that would ultimately threaten our global system of free trade .
The attempt to establish a single currency for 16 separate and quite different countries was bound to fail .
The US Congress and the Bush administration enacted a $ 100 billion tax rebate in an attempt to stimulate consumer spending .
But the country 's democratic forces halted the Communist Party 's attempt to bulldoze its way back into power .
Talks continue to this day , but despite the occasional newspaper headline announcing a deal , the Sudanese government has been using every opportunity to delay or to attempt to add conditions to the force 's mandate .
Although it is acknowledged in Jerusalem that an attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities would involve grave and hard-to-assess risks , the choice between acceptance of an Iranian bomb and an attempt at its military destruction , with all the attendant consequences , is clear .
Should this newest attempt fail , things will soon get serious .
Nevertheless , as a restored great power , the new Russia will for the time being attempt to ride in the slipstream of other great powers for as long as doing so coincides with its possibilities and interests ; it will concentrate on its own sphere of influence and on its role as a global energy power ; and it will otherwise make use of its opportunities on a global scale to limit America 's power .
What amazes our neighbors and partners -- and increasingly causes distrust -- is that ever since the beginning of the global meltdown last September , the German government has focused almost exclusively on national crisis management , rebuffing any and all attempts at a European approach .
Merkel could attempt this strategy because she knew that her right flank was covered by the FDP , which would attract voters dissatisfied with the CDU 's leftward turn , but then join in a CDU-led coalition .
In foreign-policy terms , China will attempt to protect its domestic transformation by securing resources and access to foreign markets .
It was French President Nicolas Sarkozy who , in the run-up to the last EU summit , called a halt to Merkel 's attempt to introduce an automatic response to member states that violate the stability criteria .
While the situation in the Middle East currently looks hopeless , a new attempt that focuses on the essential points , not on minor ones , deserves support .
Or will we witness attempts to downplay the calamity and return to business as usual as soon as possible ?
Yet no attempted solution will get very far without the US and its decisive leadership .
If , on the other hand , it represents an attempt to prepare the American public for a war against Iran , and a genuine intention to unleash such a war when the opportunity arises , the outcome would be an unmitigated disaster .
When a group of dissident Jews conspired in 1970 to highjack an airplane , they were charged with attempted treason .
As though it were second nature in French culture , the director presented Shylock 's attempt to collect his pound of flesh by recalling the image of the crucifixion .
One immediate consequence would be to abandon the US attempt to prosecute Saddam Hussein on its own and to invoke an international tribunal .
From time to time , Mohammed El Baradei , Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- , has attempted to reintroduce reason and remind everyone that the focus must remain on capabilities , not intentions .
? An attempt to address global current-account imbalances and ? currency wars . '' There could be a statement agreeing that excessive imbalances are a problem , that exchange rates and budget deficits both bear some responsibility , and that neither should bear the burden of adjustment alone ;
Measuring the quality of output is difficult , although The Times Higher Education Supplement attempts to do so every year .
But if basic research is neglected , attempts to produce quick innovations through applied research will be futile .
In contrast , `` behavioral economists '' acknowledge that currencies can depart from parity for a protracted period , but argue that this results not from traders ' attempts to interpret movements in macroeconomic fundamentals , but from market psychology and irrational trading .
As different as they might appear , they attempt to generate exact predictions of human behavior , whether `` rational '' or `` irrational . ''
In attempting to cope with imperfect knowledge , they are not irrational when they pay attention to other macroeconomic fundamentals and thereby bid an exchange rate away from its parity level .
This strategy does not imply that central banks should attempt to confine the exchange rate to a pre-specified target zone .
Given the enormous size of daily volumes in currency markets , such attempts almost always fail , leading to currency crises .
The EU 's attempt to transcend sovereignty and traditional power politics by establishing a transnational rule of law is much more in line with a `` post-historical '' world than the Americans ' continuing belief in God , national sovereignty , and their military .
Our Virtual Middle Ages Wikipedia , the online encyclopedia , is the most impressive collective intellectual project ever attempted -- and perhaps achieved .
The legacy of their success , copyright law , continues to impede attempts to render cyberspace a free marketplace of ideas .
This may help explain why T3 in Beijing is such a success , and why Chinese are now more united than ever before in condemning attempts to hijack or sully the Olympics for ulterior motives .
Under the banner of `` integrated pest management , '' hundreds of invasive species are now successfully controlled by strategies that restrict the population growth of pests but do not attempt to eradicate them
Now , suppose that same crank attempted to treat passersby as if they were his serfs .
But the Kremlin 's myopic concentration on military matters , and its pointless attempts to play a zero-sum game with the West has turned Russia into an object for manipulation by its junior partners .
Thus , when Russia banned imports of Belarusian dairy products -LRB- in an attempt to punish Lukashenko for accepting a $ 2,000,000,000 credit but not fulfilling his promise to recognize South Ossetia and Abkhazia -RRB- , Lukashenko refused to attend a CSTO summit or join its collective agreement for the establishment of an operational response force .
His efforts to undermine regional stability range from an assassination attempt against Guinean President Lansana Conte earlier this year , to which he has been linked , to using his fortune to influence Liberia 's elections , setting the stage for his allies to win .
The FIS meeting in July was the unheralded beginning of an attempt to remodel the universe in such a way .
Anyone privy to details of such activities can not comment on them , but one story circulating in the research community involved attempts to introduce condoms into African porn as part of an anti-AIDS effort .
French central planning attempted to blaze a new path between Communist centralisation and Vichy corporatism .
Why has every attempt to set prices for global carbon emissions failed ?
The attempt to impose a benevolent creditors ' dictatorship is now being met by a debtors ' revolt .
The Turkish government even attempted a regional initiative for a peaceful solution to the crisis , an effort no current EU member could have contemplated .
All stick and little carrot has failed to quell Chechen nationalism , and President Vladimir Putin 's similarly heavy-handed attempts to control Russia 's so-called `` near abroad '' -- as in Ukraine during the Orange Revolution -- have proven no more successful .
Quick or easy Senate approval of the New START arms-control treaty is highly unlikely , given stated concerns about verification and the protection of US missile-defense programs ; instead , we can expect delays and , possibly , attempts to amend what the two governments already agreed upon .
The Nigerian father who warned the US embassy in Lagos that he feared what his own son might do -- before that same young man attempted to detonate a bomb aboard a flight to Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 -- is an example of just this .
Until recently , an exchange-rate peg dominated China 's monetary policy , with interest rates unchanged for nine years until October 2004 , as the government attempted to manage lending through administrative guidance and credit controls .
Turkish Cypriots have withdrawn into Turkey 's embrace and have attempted to gain greater international recognition .
Greek Cypriots are using their European Union membership as a weapon to frustrate Turkey 's EU ambitions and to block attempts to increase trade between the EU and the island 's north .
On the other hand , Turkey 's recent elections returned the same pro-EU government that made a serious attempt to settle the Cyprus problem in 2004 .
There is no genuine attempt at politically mainstreaming the troubled areas , no understanding of what democracy entails .
Now , despite a three-year recession , it is attempting to lower a modest fiscal deficit to zero .
Let 's not allow ourselves to be manipulated into believing that attempts to change the `` established '' order and `` objective '' laws do not make sense .
It is this lack of a coordinated attempt to structure an agreement between Israelis and Palestinians -- a structure based on an inclusive , interdisciplinary , and systemic approach that can shift the variables and lead to a peace that both peoples regard as equal and fair -- that most concerns those of us who work in international crisis resolution .
The attempted assassination in Jeddah last month of Prince Muhammad bin Nayef , the deputy interior minister for security affairs , demonstrates both elements of the Saudi strategy , and how a bold attempt by Al-Qaeda to revive its fortunes has failed .
For now , however , the Saudi royals have a prince who is seen as a courageous hero for having survived an assassination attempt while offering the hand of generosity to an unrepentant zealot .
This October , 128 leading experts in the fields of human rights and equality from 44 countries launched a landmark attempt to build on the epochal 1948 UN declaration to establish universal human equality .
Their crimes included , indirectly , the deaths of three of our colleagues -- Bob Frasure , Joe Kruzel , and Nelson Drew , who had died when the armored personnel carrier they were in plunged down a ravine as we attempted to reach Sarajevo by the only route available , a dangerous dirt road that went through sniper-filled , Serbian-controlled territory .
Important members of the administration apparently believe that Saddam Hussein was behind the 1993 attempt to knock down the World Trade Center , and that he carefully covered his tracks , making it appear that the attack was directed by Arab militants secluded in the wilds of Afghanistan .
It is an attempt by a declining power to use its restrained capabilities in a more economical way .
President Hu Jintao 's visit to Washington was a clear attempt to de-escalate tensions with the US over American arms sales to Taiwan , the renminbi 's exchange rate , and Obama 's meeting with the Dalai Lama .
We saw helicopters attempt aerial drops ; landing is impossible in most places .
The Lal Masjid clerics operate with impunity -- no attempt has been made to cut off its electricity , gas , phone , or Web site -- or even to shut down its illegal FM radio station .
In order to abolish this unwarranted psychoanalytic assumption , the researchers abandoned the attempt to distinguish natural from disordered conditions by context or etiology and assumed that all conditions that met the symptom-based criteria were disordered .
During the last fifty years , repeated attempts by reform-oriented elements to open up Saudi Arabia 's society and polity had failed .
McCain 's advisors would do well to consider a historical precedent : the failed British attempt at World War I 's close to maintain a long-term military presence in Iraq .
First , they are weary of renewed Iranian attempts to destabilize Iraq .
They point out the potential problem and then attempt to sell solutions that lie within their nationally defined spheres of competence .
Almost every modern analyst , however , has come to the conclusion that Weber 's attempt to link that capitalist spirit historically to a form of Christianity , namely Protestantism , is fatally flawed .
But , worried that the US authorities would accuse it of attempting to control a new market , IBM left the Disk Operating System -LRB- DOS -RRB- for the new PCs to a tiny new company that no one saw as a threat : Microsoft .
The symbolism of the location is unfortunate , as it carries a reminiscence of the main abortive attempt to manage the world economy during the Great Depression .
Frustration with the complexities of trying to provide ready fixes leads to attempts to find even more radical solutions .
For example , long before the financial collapse , experimental economists joined psychologists in attempting to measure varying propensities to greediness .
The search for deep human roots of the crisis , by contrast , leads to attempts to change human nature , which are futile -- and also inherently much more dangerous .
The search for a monetary rule during the latter period had two phases : in the earliest attempt to construct a basis for stable monetary policy , the emphasis was on monetary targeting .
There was always uncertainty over the extent to which central banks should attempt to correct or limit asset-price bubbles when there was no corresponding rise in the general level of inflation .
The process that began with the report of the Delors Committee in 1989 and led to the Maastricht Treaty in 1992 , the establishment of the euro in 1999 , and the introduction of the physical currency in 2002 was rooted in an attempt to devise mechanisms that would generate a more stable global exchange-rate regime .
But the emergence of powerful new currencies always provokes fresh attempts at the use of exchange rates for political purposes .
And Switzerland 's central bank recently launched a costly and futile attempt to stop the Swiss franc 's rise against the euro -- an effort that produced only large losses on the bank 's balance sheet .
But drastic attempts at fiscal consolidation immediately evoke memories of the Great Depression .
Snowden was worried that any attempt by the British government to borrow would fail , which would constitute an `` admission of national bankruptcy . ''
Moreover , any attempt to misrepresent requires further and more complex misrepresentations , which have serious consequences as subsequent decisions come to be based on erroneous assumptions .
Some econometric attempts have been made to identify long-term cycles in both inflation and monetary growth .
Another way to approach it is to attempt to grasp changing consumer behavior analytically .
But if they buy more , in an attempt to prop up the dollar , they will only have a bigger version of the same problem .
But as the world attempts to mount a civilized response to Southeast Asia 's human tragedy , it must also confront the humbling amorality of nature , and thus comprehend the environmental effects that will shape the lives of survivors and their descendants .
Just as Czechoslovakia 's communist government once imprisoned Havel for daring to dream of a civil society and a true constitution of liberty for his country , China 's government has imprisoned Liu for attempting something similar , with his Charter 08 appeal , modeled on Czechoslovakia 's Charter 77 .
Any attempts at engagement by Western politicians , such as Biden 's recent trip , are automatically met with doubt and criticism for cozying up to dictators .
This would require roughly another 14 % of GDP in spending cuts and revenue measures , ranking it among the largest fiscal adjustments ever attempted .
Yet it is work on the easy steps , allegedly attempted and then canceled , that the NIE called Iran 's `` nuclear weapon program . ''
Following the Times Square bombing attempt , Clinton issued an even harsher judgment : `` if a terror attack like the New York bombing were to be successful and found to have originated from that country , there would be very severe consequences . ''
`` Sledgehammer '' is , sad to say , yet another alleged coup plot in a series of attempts to topple the ruling Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- , which was first elected in 2002 .
Had such a coup attempt taken place , much less succeeded , it also would have put an end to Turkey 's aspirations to become a full member of the European Union .
According to the evidence gathered by Turkish prosecutors , four coup attempts , named `` Sar?k?z , '' `` Ay????? , '' `` Yakamoz , '' and `` Eldiven , '' have been made since the AKP came to power .
India 's Communists had tried to topple the Congress-led government last year in an attempt to scuttle the nuclear deal brokered by the United States , and had vowed to upend it .
Dissidents who attempt to fund their activities by conducting private business sometimes find themselves jailed for economic crimes like fraud and illegal publishing .
Those who attempt to change the way China is governed will be dealt with harshly , their names and fates remaining anonymous .
Such practical proposals address key global issues , including international terrorism , strengthening of mechanisms for arms control , arms reduction , and non-proliferation , efforts to contain attempts by North Korea and Iran to develop nuclear weapons , encouraging transparency in China 's military , restraining Russia 's imperial ambitions , and building a global ballistic missile defense network against missiles that could be launched by rogue regimes .
`` China is now in the stage of surging nationalism , and the trend is expected to continue in the future , '' the Council warned in its interim report , concluding that , `` Japan must take appropriate actions in response to each incident '' in which China attempts to `` gradually advance its defense line -LRB- ocean-ward -RRB- . ''
For this reason , China is attempting to use economic and military aid as leverage to improve relations even with countries with which it has had military confrontations with in the past , most prominently Vietnam and the Philippines .
The world might not support the US in its unilateral attempts to become the world 's policeman , especially because they may well bring more instability .
We can measure the discrepancy between what we think we know and what we actually know by simply asking people , after they have given their initial ratings , to tell us how some things work in as much detail as they can and then to rate their knowledge again in light of their attempt to explain .
But the Islamic Republic 's history is littered with its presidents ' failed attempts to consolidate an independent power center .
Fourteen countries attended to discuss food price inflation , energy needs , etc. . Alas , India 's voice was drowned out , not by China 's attempts to provide medicine and education to Africa , but by the sheer magnitude of Chinese state-owned enterprises ' investments in physical infrastructure .
Brazil was attempting to become energy self-sufficient in a manner similar to modern efforts by other countries .
Fortunately , the government did not attempt the impossible task of trying to separate winners from losers .
Previously spurned by America in its attempts to use its longstanding contacts in Asia , this assistance appears to have convinced America that Russia can be of real help in its diplomacy with North Korea .
Historically , attempts at modernization in Russia , even when they look real , as with Stalin 's industrialization or Yeltsin 's market reforms , ultimately result in a Potemkin village-like state of affairs , because Russian society can not change fast enough or with the patience necessary to see the changes through .
But his recent attempts to use Russia 's energy resources for political coercion in Georgia , Ukraine , Belarus and elsewhere have exposed Russia as an unreliable partner , unnerving even the Chinese , who do not wish to see a reconstituted Russian empire on their border .
His embittered attempts to counter American power are equally short-sighted : helping Iran develop its nuclear program and selling high-tech weapons to China are hardly in Russia 's long-term strategic interest .
At the end of the day it could lead to the sort of huge street protests that marked the Orange Revolution , and their attempted violent suppression .
From the `` People Power '' revolution that toppled Ferdinand Marcos in the Philippines in 1986 to Boris Yeltsin 's defiance of the attempted coup against Mikhail Gorbachev of August 1991 , to the Rose , Orange , and Cedar Revolutions of recent years , dictators have been forced to admit defeat when enough people stand up to them .
Tymoshenko , who has survived three assassination attempts , is not the type of woman to surrender her campaign on a technicality .
Thus , instead of investing in the energy industry -- the lifeblood of the economy -- in order to reverse declining output , the Kremlin is devoting its energy to a presidential commission to `` counteract attempts to falsify history to the detriment of Russia 's interests . '' This means that the state will decide which interpretations of history should be considered `` true , '' creating endless opportunities for manipulation to serve the agenda of those in power .
Across the centuries , there have been wars , started by both sides , and partitions of Poland executed by the Russians , followed by attempts at `` Russification , '' with the Russian Christian Orthodox Empire trying to control the `` silver-tongued , '' `` deceptive , '' West European-oriented Catholic Poland .
Luzhkov , after all , had been vocally critical of Medvedev , while praising Putin -- allegedly an attempt to drive a wedge between the two .
It means sticking to principles , but also attempting to understand the other side , however irrational or intransigent it may sometimes appear .
Hatoyama 's administration , however , is attempting to reverse the current plan , which the LDP administration and the US had agreed upon after long and intense discussions .
In November , when US President Barack Obama visited Japan , Hatoyama uttered the words `` trust me '' in an attempt to settle the issue .
In attempting to fulfill these inconsistent pledges , government spending this year will reach an all-time high of ¥ 92.3 trillion .
Kim Kyong-hui 's intent to exercise power after her brother 's passing is supported by rumors that she helped arrange a traffic accident in June that killed Ri Je-gang , a senior party official and perceived guardian of Kim Jong-eun who reportedly attempted to oust Kim Kyong-hui and her close allies from power .
If China attempts to lower its money supply by raising interest rates , it will trigger a corresponding increase in demand for renminbi , as foreign capital seeks to take advantage of higher interest rates on Chinese assets .
Similarly , any attempt to increase the money supply by lowering interest rates would fail as long as the exchange rate between the renminbi and dollar remains fixed .
After the brief , unsuccessful attempt at exchange rate realignment known as the Smithsonian Agreement , the world 's major currencies were floated in February 1973 .
It rejects Medvedev 's appeals for a new security architecture , Russia 's attempt to renegotiate the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe -LRB- CFE -RRB- and the OSCE 's mandate and agenda on the grounds that this would constitute a retreat from the achievements of the 1990 's .
Maroni 's nostalgia for the lira is little more than a transparent -- and irresponsible -- election ploy by Italy 's Northern League , an attempt to divert blame for the country 's present economic troubles onto Romano Prodi , former EU Commission president and center left candidate in the forthcoming general elections .
Pressures are mounting on the ECB to raise interest rates -- and Berlusconi and Co. 's attacks are as much as an attempt to forestall future rate hikes as to get the ECB to loosen its monetary policy .
Even though a consensus had emerged in the Council that a December interest rate hike would be necessary , a handful of holdouts on the ECB Governing Council -- some with their own very private agendas -- leaked misleading and , in one instance , clearly false information to the press in a futile attempt to thwart the increase .
This high-handed attempt to highjack the ECB and make it a servant of the European Parliament would mean chronically low European interest rates and a depreciated euro .
Everyone involved in attempting to resolve the Israel-Palestine conflict knows what a peace agreement between the sides will most likely look like .
But , beyond band-aid solutions for the deep injuries inflicted on Gaza , Palestinians ' biggest concern is to ensure that Israel 's attempt to split Gaza from the West Bank does not become permanent .
The focus of Pope Benedict XVI 's visit to the Middle East was Jerusalem 's importance to Christians , Muslims , and Jews , so that attempts to Judaize the Holy City must stop immediately .
The Clinton administration attempted to put brakes on then-Prime Minister Netanyahu 's efforts to construct a new settlement near Bethlehem .
To his credit , Clinton and his staff decided , despite the violence , to make one last attempt in Taba , Egypt late in his presidency .
They should attempt to produce an immediate cessation of violence from both sides while simultaneously focusing on a permanent settlement of our conflict .
Almost every Arab ruler at one time or another attempted to silence the station by closing its local bureau and pressing the Qatari rulers to muzzle its freewheeling journalists .
Our attempt to avoid conflict with the Soviet Union before WWII was a costly mistake that resulted in decades of occupation , many thousands of lost and wasted lives , and retarded economic development .
All four face the ticklish problem of succession , and speculation has been mounting for some time of possible attempts to keep power in the family .
Of course , attempts to draw a distinction between hatred of Jews and hatred of Israel were never particularly convincing .
In fact , first attempts at spawning can be relatively unsuccessful , so a fisheries policy that depends for the most part just on first-time spawners -LRB- which is what we are approaching now -RRB- , could be especially flawed .
But we talked and talked and talked . There was no attempt to hide the past , but there was a burning desire to make a different future .
Rather than attempt to democratize or contain Russia , the Union should settle on the more limited goal of turning Russia into a reliable partner , bound by the rule of law .
By contrast , if a country attempts to defy its comparative advantage , such as by adopting an import-substitution strategy to pursue the development of capital-intensive or high-tech industries in a capital-scarce economy , the government may resort to distortional subsidies and protections that dampen economic performance .
But history also tells us that while governments in almost all developing countries have attempted to play that facilitating role at some point , most have failed .
These three countries ' experiences make it clear that there are different paths to universal insurance , and that a serious attempt to enroll the uninsured can have dramatic results .
But that does n't mean it has n't been attempted . Economists ' estimates range from $ 1.23 billion a year -LRB- to save trees in Latin America 's biodiversity `` hot spots '' -RRB- to $ 5.8 billion a year -LRB- to save 2 % of the continent 's land area -RRB- to $ 500 billion -LRB- making a one-off payment to save all of Latin America 's forests -RRB- .
Such a blatant attempt to curtail scientific inquiry and stifle free speech seems inexcusable .
Because of climate panic , our attempts to mitigate climate change have provoked an unmitigated disaster .
The group 's report , `` The Hartwell Paper , '' outlines a new direction for climate policy after the collapse of last year 's attempts to negotiate a global climate deal .
Climate economists widely acknowledge that there are only four policy levers that can be used in an attempt to lower carbon emissions and rein in climate change : reducing the world 's population , shrinking the global economy , increasing the efficiency of energy consumption , and decreasing carbon intensity -LRB- meaning that we create less carbon for each unit of energy that we produce -RRB- .
The IPCC has produced a good report -- an attempt to summarize what the world 's scientists know about global warming .
It seems today that in China the daily work of government is to keep people from protecting themselves and their families in an attempt to gloss over the crimes of a `` harmonious society . ''
Now Liu has been sentenced to 11 years imprisonment for much the same crime : initiating Charter 08 , perhaps the bravest attempt yet to chart a peaceful way forward to freedom for China .
That leaves only about one-third of total federal spending from which to cut , and much of that goes to the defense budget , which Republicans will attempt to protect in the future .
The LDP has tried to placate public wrath about a series of political scandals and policy mistakes over the last two years , while the DPJ has attempted to capitalize on these .
Hatoyama has hastily attempted to fulfill the DPJ 's party manifesto and his own public pledges . This includes terminating replenishment support for the US-led interdiction operation in the Indian Ocean , reducing host-nation support to US forces based in Japan , and revising the bilateral status-of-force agreement .
Indeed , today 's enthusiasm for currency unions ignores the poor track record of previous attempts on the continent to establish them through peaceful means .
Soon after , he launched his constitutional changes , which Senegalese view as an attempt to enshrine in law his son 's victory in the 2012 presidential election .
Even more irresponsible are attempts to undermine a requirement for adequate due diligence on securitization positions prior to investing -- with some amendments containing wording that would make it virtually impossible for supervisors to monitor compliance .
Watch for humans to establish space tourism , return to the moon , and attempt an expedition to Mars .
But it is the advocates who misinterpret the data when attempting to show that victims are often unable to recall their traumatic experiences .
Claims of prior inability to remember imply that they had attempted unsuccessfully to recall their abuse , only to remember it much later .
Yet if these individuals were unable to remember their abuse , on what basis would they attempt to recall it in the first place ?
Later , suicides became routinely described as `` non-accidental overdoses , '' and the broad-spectrum term `` emotional lability '' came into vogue , despite its inability to distinguish between a drug-induced suicide attempt and an outburst of tears .
By contrast , user reports of adverse reactions attempt to describe some human reality , rather than promote images that suit the vested interests involved .
This incited many attempts to rehabilitate Stalin , especially during the 20 years of Leonid Brezhnev 's rule , which we now call the period of `` stagnation . ''
These are steps toward the unification of a state and nation , and not attempts to gain revenge or break up Russia .
Other studies show that nine out of ten prostitutes urgently want to escape the job . Almost half have attempted suicide at least once .
Worse yet , the knowledge that some law or regulation covers every aspect of employment poisons the workplace and discourages attempts to resolve problems pragmatically .
This compromise attempts to square the circle by combining the intergovernmental and unionist approaches .
But history suggests that new , fragile democracies are more likely to attempt to placate radicals than to eliminate them , and that terrorists can exploit democratic governments ' respect for civil rights and the rule of law .
But the fear that rogue scientists will take advantage of athletes -- or that athletes will seek to enroll in gene-transfer experiments in an attempt to receive some undetectable performance benefit -- is very real .
In parallel to their attempts to delay or prevent regulation through assertions of scientific uncertainty , polluters and manufacturers of hazardous products have promoted the `` junk science '' movement , which attempts to influence public opinion by ridiculing scientists whose research threatens powerful interests , irrespective of the quality of that scientist 's research .
Independent Ukraine has been free of ethnic conflicts , even though there has been no shortage of attempts to incite them .
The Other Poland Recently , the European Parliament condemned the Polish government 's attempt to strip Bronislaw Geremek of his parliamentary mandate .
Researchers at the University of California , Davis , have faced similar regulatory obstacles in attempting to produce lysozyme in the milk of genetically engineered goats .
Historically , aborted moves and faux pas abound on both sides in the French\/NATO relationship , the latest being Jacques Chirac 's failed attempt to patch up France 's relations with NATO upon his arrival in power in 1995 .
The Sarkozy Option PARIS -- From the Caucasus in August 2008 to the Middle East in January 2009 , is France under President Nicolas Sarkozy attempting to incarnate what might be called `` the West by default , '' making maximum use of the window of opportunity opened by America 's presidential transition ?
Beyond its impact on the Middle East , Sarkozy 's failed but brave attempt to act as a go-between constitutes an interesting window into the foreign-policy methods and ambitions of today 's France .
Kofi Annan , on the occasion of the 60th anniversary of the United Nations in 2005 , attempted to adjust the multilateral institutions of our world to fit its new realities .
But another new aspect of this phenomenon are opposition forces that are willing to attempt to negate such machinations by the party in power .
In the eyes of historians , President Jacques Chirac 's redeeming value will most probably remain his courageous attempt to reconcile France 's wounded minorities with their past and the French nation through a national process of repentance .
Mitigation attempts to reduce these flows and thus reduce the rate of increase of the stock of carbon in the atmosphere , with the ultimate goal of stabilizing or reducing it to safe levels .
The central lesson for investors seems to me to be that not all components of risk are static , but rather evolve in ways that are not yet fully understood -- and that government regulation can not fully address . For that reason , the ability of markets to self-correct should play a role as well , which requires that investment strategies attempt to take the possibility of systemic risk into consideration .
He criticized France 's attempts to appear as a modern crusader , incurring the wrath of Catholics in the United States in particular .
Yet , in the search for what Cameron has called a new `` look , feel , and identity , '' these parties have been treading a fine line : on the one hand , they have attempted to appear more modern -- for example , by appointing an increasing number of women and members of ethnic minorities to cabinet posts .
What these kinds of exams can not do -- and should not attempt to do -- is test people 's political convictions .
In foreign policy , Germany has no real global game plan : witness its blunders over Libya , and its clumsy attempts to gain a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council .
One example is Xue Jifeng , a labor rights activist detained by police in Zhengzhou , the capital of Henan province , in December 1999 for attempting to meet with other labor activists .
If the West is perceived to be attempting to maintain the leadership it snatched 200 years ago by industrializing first , thereby denying the post-Confucians the fruits of their dynamism permanently , the Chinese , in particular , will conclude that pluralism is eyewash and that the West 's worldview in fact replicates their traditional one .
In Khamenei 's eyes , it was Ahmadinejad who kept Khamenei 's reformist opponents at bay and resisted President George W. Bush 's attempt to `` dominate '' Iran and the Middle East .
In response , the government removed the redistricting issue from parliament to the constitutional court -- an attempt , reformers argued , to hold back change .
In parallel , mandatory measures would penalize any states attempting to circumvent the ban , as well as individuals involved in producing nuclear weapons .
Equally important , the international community must send observers -- and thus a clear signal to the government that any attempt to maintain power by force or intimidation is unacceptable .
Slobodan Milosevic cheated justice , and by doing so demonstrated the futility of attempting to deal with war crimes and crimes against humanity through international prosecutions .
Those denouncing the attempt to put Bashir on trial include the large blocs of countries that are members of the Organization of the Islamic Conference and the African Union , together with such powerful states as China and Russia .
No fewer than 210 Congolese nongovernmental organizations , including those enjoying the widest recognition and respect across the country , recently joined in challenging President Joseph Kabila 's attempt to take control of the National Assembly -LRB- the lower house of Parliament -RRB- that came into office after historic elections in 2006 .
The National Assembly plays a key role in attempting to improve governance in the country .
The attempt by Congolese civil society to foster democratic development may be the best thing that has happened in the country in a long time .
Despite government attempts since then to shut the paper down-arresting and even torturing some of its staff , as well as tampering with its circulation and newsprint supply - The Daily News adhered to its slogan of `` telling it like it is . ''
Yet despite all this , I have no doubt that an attempt will be made to bring down Russia 's government by means outside the voting booth when the next presidential election is due in 2008 .
Presidential assassinations do not necessarily lead to civil wars , but in Burundi , a large-scale massacre of Tutsi civilians by Hutu immediately followed the coup attempt .
What struck me on both occasions was the sustained , and evidently successful , attempt to reach out to the two target groups upon whom the future of science and technology will depend .
The `` no '' vote not only forestalled attempts by President Mwai Kibaki and his inner circle to tighten their grip on power , but it also confirmed to ordinary Kenyans the power of the ballot box .
Because its preferred approach of regime change has proven slower than expected , and because time plays into Kim 's hands , the Bush administration faces three other options in attempting to deal with North Korea 's nuclear weapons .
Martin argues that about 20 people in a room is probably a reasonable size for attempting to tackle difficult cross-sectoral problems .
For example , in the aftermath of the recent government crackdown in Myanmar -LRB- Burma -RRB- , the Secretary General was able to send a representative to the country , but with powers limited to reporting and attempted mediation .
While it is still too early in his presidency to judge the outcome , it is clear that he is attempting to change processes and adapt leadership to a more networked world .
This is why capital-account regulations are allowed under IMF rules , and why the attempt to introduce capital-account convertibility into the IMF 's Articles of Agreement was defeated in 1997 .
The lack of consensus on the magnitude of the problem , and gaps in legislative coverage , only serves to deepen the holes into which vulnerable populations stumble while attempting to make a living through artisanal e-waste mining .
With the backing of the US , Canada , and the European Union , Israel has maintained its blockade in an attempt to defeat Hamas , which won the elections here in 2006 .
Biafra 's attempted secession in 1967 , and the subsequent civil war in which millions died , was triggered by rigged elections , massive official corruption , and the cynical use of ethnicity to achieve political ends .
But attempts to apply the same severe medicine to Boko Haram have backfired .
Two other candidates stand out . Emeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu is an Oxford-trained historian and retired army officer who led the Biafran secessionist attempt in 1967 , which plunged the country into civil war .
Nevertheless , Nigerians have seen little of the crude `` vote for my tribe '' politicking that doomed previous attempts at democratic rule .
Last February , the newly elected Senate attempted to block $ 1.6 billion from going to Shell and two other companies for production expenses until they provided adequate documents to support their claims .
Political thugs linked to the president resorted to strong-arm tactics in an attempt to remove one of the governors , angry that he had not given them lucrative public contracts .
The northern business and political elite see him as a bulwark against their increasingly restive southern rivals who openly threaten a repeat of the Igbo attempt to secede in 1967 that caused the Biafra conflict , taking the rich oil fields of the Niger delta with them .
Obasanjo 's latest move , his proposed `` National Political Reform Conference '' in March , is an attempt to steal the opposition 's thunder .
It is not likely that northern elites will stand by idly as a fresh attempt is made to take away what they consider a glittering prize .
These deals were brokered at the height of the constitutional drama , when America said it would not support an attempt by the government to extend its stay in office unconstitutionally .
The President has appointed the late Ken Saro-Wiwa 's son as one of his special assistants , in an attempt to mend fences with political elites in the restive delta .
Nigeria 's Lost Chance Nigeria 's first attempt since independence in 1960 to transfer power from one civilian government to another has just ended -- farcically .
Last May , the National Assembly slapped down his attempt to re-write the constitution in order to remain in office beyond the stipulated two terms .
Nearly $ 7 billion dollars has entered the region in remittances , yet there is no single economic policy that attempts to leverage the development potential of this gift .
The US Secretary of State 's decision to make her first overseas trip to Asia , particularly China , was a smart one and , if done with aplomb , could yield enormous returns for the Obama administration as it attempts to re-establish world leadership .
Such efforts , Zheng reports , have involved some 6,533 cannons , 5,939 rocket launchers , and numerous aircraft in an attempt to seed clouds across one-third of China 's landmass with dry ice , ammonia , and silver iodide .
Equally dramatic would be any attempt by the Kurds to forcibly change the demographic balance of the multiethnic city of Kirkuk .
You attempt a surgical strike : aim at the shooter 's head and try to spare the innocents .
Even if Israel 's current war against Gaza is a just war -- which is suggested by its attempts at limited and `` measured '' retaliation after eight years of Hamas rockets followed its unilateral retreat from Gaza -- it is therefore a very dirty war , too .
Israel 's Debacle at Sea HAIFA -- Israel was dead wrong in launching an attack by naval commandos against a flotilla carrying pro-Palestinian activists who were making an attempt to break the Israeli-Egyptian siege of Gaza .
This is doubtless an attempt to deflect attention from Fujimori 's own crimes perpetuated from 1990 to 2000 , before he fled to Japan .
Chicago economists seem to believe that real-world outcomes are acceptably unfair and , more importantly , that attempts to remedy unfairness are too costly , because tampering with markets causes economic inefficiency .
An attempt to address Europe 's unfinished business , the Corfu Process is an opportunity for us to come together to assess the gaps in our common security , to craft more effective responses to existing challenges , and -- most importantly -- to generate new political will for joint action .
Russia 's attempt to drag Georgia into its imperial net started in the summer of 2003 , when the Russian power monopoly United Energy System took control of 75 % of Georgia 's electricity network .
Despite immediate attempts by his lawyers to locate him , his whereabouts remained unknown for days .
Yet Obama 's attempts to reform health care have run into hysterical opposition .
Dealing with Russia has probably been the biggest failure in the attempt to make European foreign policy .
His attempts to revive the economy have inevitably driven up the deficit . But no recovery in the labor or housing markets has yet materialized .
In Europe , meanwhile , many of our problems are exemplified by what is happening in France , where President Nicolas Sarkozy 's attempt to recognize demographic and fiscal reality by raising the retirement age from 60 to 62 provoked a wave of strikes and stormy protests from workers and students .
Its leaders seem to have interpreted Obama 's attempts to engage with them , down-playing bilateral aggravations , as a sign of American weakness in the wake of Wall Street 's crash and military reverses in Iraq and Afghanistan .
So the auguries for an attempt to revitalize Europe 's relationship with its Mediterranean partners were not good .
We must also hope that his attempts to act as a peace-broker between West Bank Palestinians and Israel are blessed with success .
Some Chinese are suspicious that the US push for RMB appreciation and financial-market liberalization is really an attempt to gain trade advantages and generate profits for American companies while slowing China 's economic expansion .
It is , of course , easier to mock the attempts of organizations such as USAID to tackle poppy production than provide a viable solution .
Viewed in strictly economic terms , it is not surprising that Great Britain would not give up its rebate , while France would reject attempts to cut farm subsidies .
While the attempt by Chinese officials to extract a huge concession -- market-economy status -- is ill-timed and in poor taste , China 's government needs to weigh the significant benefits that it could receive by providing limited but meaningful assistance to Europe in its hour of need .
Syria , however , can not be ignored , since it is capable of undermining attempts at reaching an Israeli-Palestinian track or stabilizing Lebanon .
If true , Iran should realize that violent statements on sensitive issues will set back any serious attempt to get a dialogue going .
Representatives of his regime are still concerned about what they see as externally backed attempts to stage a `` velvet revolution '' in the country , but there is little fear of new challenges from within .
The author finds the government of a `` Russia getting up off its knees '' to consist of progressive modernizers fully aware of the challenges facing their country as it attempts to `` return to the great powers club . ''
Graham 's only error in his presentation is his attempt to frighten the administration with a hypothetical confrontation between the US and China over Russian resources .
Importing laws and legal standards has dominated attempts by former communist countries to join the West .
For the time being , they rather give the impression to have thrown sandbags in disorder in an attempt to stop a wave .
Nevertheless , the 1937 episode does seem to illustrate the dangers of attempting to consolidate public finances at a time when the private sector is still too weak for economic recovery to be self-sustaining .
When the rules of the global monetary game are unclear , inadequate , or obsolete , countries can not abide by them , and some may attempt to exploit them to their own advantage .
Recent attempts to remedy this under the Capital Requirements Directive have been disappointing , even though it was plainly the best that could be achieved politically given EU countries ' differing views on prudential supervision .
While attempts to stir up hatred against adherents of a religion , or to incite violence against them , may legitimately be suppressed , criticism of religion as such should not be .
People living in other industrialized countries find this difficult to understand . They have a right to health care , and even conservative governments do not attempt to take that right away .
Instead , a populist-nationalist revolution might resemble the attempt to overthrow Mikhail Gorbachev in August 1991 , or a Russian version of Ukraine 's Orange Revolution .
It is likely that the regime will attempt to counter this eruption of nationalism while maintaining its strong statist rhetoric .
India , for example , has eschewed currency intervention thus far , even while opening up to long-term rupee debt inflows , in an attempt to finance much-needed infrastructure projects .
India 's willingness to spend when everyone else is attempting to sell and save entails risks that need to be carefully managed .
Politicians will not sit quietly , however , if the Fed attempts to raise rates .
Director General Mohamed El Baradei has called upon the US to negotiate directly with Iran over its atomic program . He also has attempted to generate momentum for a Middle East nuclear weapons-free zone .
In coming years , developing countries with little nuclear experience -- Indonesia , Vietnam , Thailand , Jordan , Turkey , Egypt , and others -- will attempt to leap onto the atomic bandwagon .
But ill-equipped and poorly led UN replacement forces for the American presence put the remaining US troops in the bull 's eye as they attempted to bring to justice the Somali warlord responsible for the death of Pakistani peacekeepers .
Still within congressional restraints , the Nixon administration attempted to bolster Cambodia 's military government .
And , even as the US and its allies attempt to restrain Iran , its regime continues to goad Israel , calling for its extinction and exporting military wares to its Lebanese and Gazan adversaries .
Cory provided policy guidance as Commander-in-Chief , but trusted the Defense Department and Armed Forces to carry out their missions in the face of 9 coup attempts which were all frustrated . These mutinies were all death-dealing situations that threatened national stability , and yet she never flinched .
The government did not set aside resources while things were going well , and now it does not have the fiscal space needed for an aggressive boost to public spending of the type that many other governments are attempting .
And attempting to force a decision in the absence of consensus would vitiate one of the strongest assets the Court has had -- the solidarity of its members in the face of efforts to undermine the project of an effective and independent international mechanism for justice and accountability .
In fairness , no UN Secretary General has paid greater homage to the ideals of the human-rights movement , or attempted , at least rhetorically , to associate the UN with those ideals , than Kofi Annan .
A heightened security agenda since the attacks on the United States in September 2001 has included attempts to legitimize the use of `` extraordinary rendition '' -LRB- the movement between countries of prisoners and suspects without due process of law -RRB- and torture .
In each , we attempt to balance personal benefits and individuals ' freedom to do as they please against the risks generated for society and themselves .
To be sure , by sending mixed signals to financial markets , the Brazilians may have botched their attempt to cool down inflows .
The attempt to reconstitute the pre-World War I model of globalization collapsed in 1931 , when domestic politics forced the British government to choose domestic reflation over the gold standard .
As the private sector deleverages and attempts to rebuild its balance sheets , consumption and investment demand have collapsed , bringing output down with them .
In a futile attempt to gain financial markets ' confidence , country after country has been forced to follow counter-productive austerity policies as the price of support from the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank .
That move was a belated attempt to recognize the primacy of domestic politics , even if investors viewed it , in the words of a Financial Times editor , as `` playing with fire . ''
That question is increasingly urgent as wealthy countries-as well as many transition and developing economies-attempt to create the robust securities markets needed to boost investment , productivity , and growth .
Ironically , bad memories of the IMF 's first , premature attempt to promote long-term capital market liberalization remain an obstacle today .
The IMF 's attempt to enshrine capital market liberalization in its charter , coming as it did in the middle of the 1990 's Asian financial crisis , was a public relations disaster .
Of course , Zoellick could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done .
Of course , I may be far too optimistic in thinking that the tragedy in the Gulf will spur a more sensible energy policy that attempts to moderate consumption rather than constantly seeking new ways to fuel it .
Contrary to his predictions , capitalism spawned ever-higher standards of living for more than a century , while attempts to implement radically different systems have fallen spectacularly short .
Concerns about the impact of income inequality are already constraining fiscal and monetary policy in developed and developing countries alike as they attempt to extricate themselves from the hyper-stimulative policies adopted during the financial crisis .
As a result , the ultimate revenue gains are likely to prove disappointing , as Sweden discovered when it attempted to tax financial transactions two decades ago .
Recent attempts by Filipino lawyers to prosecute civil claims for environmental tort and human rights abuses before American courts demonstrate just how desperate Filipino claimants are to seek redress against those who have acted negligently or with impunity .
As for a bit of history - following Guatemala 's transition from military rule to electoral democracy , Ríos Montt made several attempts in the 1990 's to run for president .
Brazil , Iran , and the Road to the Security Council SAO PAULO -- The attempt by Brazil 's government to participate in the international negotiations over Iran 's nuclear program could well be called `` A Manual for Candidates to a Permanent Membership of the United Nations Security Council . ''
Even China is showing signs of a slowdown , owing to the government 's attempts to control economic overheating .
After enormous difficulties , uncertainties , and constant attempts to derail the process , Venezuelans will vote on August 15th to decide whether President Hugo Chávez should be recalled and new presidential elections held .
This plebiscite marks the latest stage in a bitter campaign to unseat a president who has already survived a coup , a two-month general strike , and a previous attempt to force a vote on his leadership .
Earlier in the year , Chávez 's government brazenly attempted to disqualify hundreds of thousands of citizens who had gone to the polls in support of the referendum .
And , in an attempt to preserve its turf , the Board constantly attempts to keep the IMFC from discussing anything of substance .
Serbian Prime Minister -LRB- then President -RRB- Vojislav Kostunica 's attempt in 2001 to set up a truth commission was doomed from the outset by allegations of bias , and was disbanded within a year .
Saddam was attempting regularly to kill American and British aircrews enforcing the no-fly zones .
We learned that a state that attempts to determine everything violates our independence and responsibility as individuals .
In Colombia , the routine is simple : journalists who subsist on income derived from selling advertising space to government agencies call officials in the morning to get their story ; later , when they must attempt to sell the same officials advertising , they find out the real cost of independent news coverage .
When Israel attempts vainly to defeat Hezbollah , it tries to avoid painful but necessary political compromises over disputed territory .
Genuine energy security will come not by invading and occupying the Middle East , or by attempting to impose pliant governments in the region , but by recognizing certain deeper truths about global energy .
Recent attempts to influence developments in these countries through threats and sanctions , and sometimes war , have failed .
The Kyoto Protocol was the first attempt at such a system , but it applied only to rich countries and set only modest objectives .
The Roots of America 's Financial Crisis CAMBRIDGE -- The US Federal Reserve 's desperate attempts to keep America 's economy from sinking are remarkable for at least two reasons .
The Senate now operates on an informal rule that opponents will try to kill a legislative proposal through a `` filibuster '' -- a procedural attempt to prevent the proposal from coming to a vote .
Universal secondary education , especially for girls , is transformative for societies attempting to escape poverty , because education changes the demographic dynamics of the country as well .
For all of the Obama administration 's lofty rhetoric , his fiscal-policy proposals make no serious attempt to address these problems .
An analogous power grab is being attempted in Africa .
Many cases of investment advice do not reflect an attempt to assess market trends but rather the commercial interests of their firms , which aim to sell the shares of their corporate clients .
Is it more personal , an act of vengeance by a son against the man who attempted to assassinate his father ?
The measures led to a police strike , followed by a popular insurrection and an assassination attempt .
Even after a failed assassination attempt , the US again brushed off requests for aid .
However , while Pakistan 's progressives oppose militarism and violence in principle , religious fundamentalists have no compunction in resorting to violence to reinforce their point of view - thus posing a threat not just to General Musharraf , who has survived at least two assassination attempts , but also to human rights workers .
So it vigorously opposed all of the half-hearted attempts to regulate the financial sector .
Moreover , the attempt to do so angered the overwhelming majority of Taiwanese , who finally understood the stupidity of Chen 's policy , particularly how it led to economic stagnation at a time when mainland China was booming .
All other attempts to shape the political atmosphere and influence events , especially by a powerful oligarch , violate this logic .
There has been no `` return '' to Soviet or pre-revolutionary times , despite the regime 's attempts to appropriate the symbols of Czarist Russia .
There seem to be few , if any , fighters in Chechnya who recognize him as commander ; his recent attempt to send an emissary to create a fighting unit directly under his command was not successful .
A similar weakness is evident in the EU 's attempt to define itself in the global system .
Mayor Janet Bolitho says that putting up the signs is an attempt to encourage people to smile or say `` G'day '' -- the standard Australian greeting -- to both neighbors and strangers as they stroll down the street .
All of this is part of a larger program that attempts to measure changes in the city 's quality of life , so that the city council can know whether it is taking the community in a desirable direction .
The late Stephen J. Gould , author of The Mismeasure of Man , dismissed cross-cultural research using IQ tests as an attempt by white men to show their superiority .
But if that was so , the attempt has backfired , because East Asians tend to score better than people of European descent .
Since then , despite governments of varying political complexions , there has been no serious attempt to repeal the law , which polls show is supported by about 70 % of the population .
Christians sometimes attempt to explain this suffering by saying that all humans are sinners , and so deserve their fate , even if it is a horrible one .
The police persecution of the animal movement appears to be an attempt by the conservative party , which controls the Ministry of the Interior , and its animal industry supporters to strike back at a legitimate , peaceful challenge to the way we treat animals .
As we have seen , the White House built its case for war on a highly selective dossier of evidence , and Bush made statements about Iraq 's attempt to purchase uranium from Africa that he and his staff knew to be highly doubtful , if not false .
Quite apart from these weak attempts to justify Bush 's statement as `` technically accurate , '' the more serious charge is that even if what Bush said really were technically accurate , it still would have been designed to mislead the world into thinking that Iraq had been trying to buy uranium in Africa .
There you will find a set of thoughtful proposals ranging from raising the minimum wage to establishing model `` Promise Neighborhoods '' that will attempt to turn around areas with high levels of poverty and low levels of educational achievement by providing services such as early childhood education and crime prevention .
Leon Kass , who subsequently served as chair of President George W. Bush 's Council on Bioethics , argued that the risk of producing an abnormal infant was too great for an attempt at IVF ever to be justified .
Richard Holton , a professor of philosophy at MIT and the author of Willing , Wanting , Waiting , points out that a resolution is an attempt to overcome the problem of maintaining an intention when we expect that , at some future time , we will face inclinations contrary to our intention .
One reason for this is that large resource endowments provide a huge financial incentive for attempts to overthrow the government and seize power .
Even while trade expands , China is attempting to confine India within greatly foreshortened land and sea borders through its so-called `` string of pearls policy . ''
Then there is the Shah 's ouster , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini 's Islamic Revolution , the absurd abduction of US diplomats , President Jimmy Carter 's disastrous attempt to free them militarily , and the `` Iran-Contra '' scandal , when Reagan administration officials sought to sell weapons to Iran through third parties and channel the proceeds to anti-Sandinista guerrillas in Nicaragua .
The bad news is that this is unlikely to happen in the foreseeable future , and that the owners of natural resources will therefore make every attempt to extract their resources and thus pump the fossil carbon into the atmosphere before the UN finds a way out of this impasse .
The Greek attempt to create a land of milk and honey by excessive borrowing is hair-raising .
Any political attempt to stop this process any sooner is bound to fail .
Herd behavior arises , Keynes thought , not from attempts to deceive , but from the fact that , in the face of the unknown , we seek safety in numbers .
The much-discussed Kimberly Process is a pilot project . Diamond companies volunteer not to buy from conflict areas in an attempt to prevent diamonds from funding warlords .
I believe that the attempt by President Putin 's Kremlin to impose `` liberal empire '' or `` sovereign democracy '' on the post-Soviet states will fail .
If Russia fails in its attempt to become an independent center of power to rival the US -LRB- and eventually China -RRB- , what role will it play ?
In the 1990 's , the Japanese central bank injected huge amounts of money into banks in an attempt to boost the money supply .
Public spending cuts come more naturally to Conservatives , and they have -- despite their lack of candor -- attempted to make a virtue out of this necessity .
That is why the liberal theory of justice demands at a minimum equality of opportunity : the attempt -- as far as is compatible with personal liberty -- to eliminate all those differences in life chances arising from unequal starting points .
The attempt to achieve them is bound to lead to competitive currency depreciation and protectionism .
Entertaining gossip has mutated into an assault on privacy , with newspapers claiming that any attempt to keep them out of people 's bedrooms is an assault on free speech .
What all such schemes amount to is piling one lot of bonds on top of another in an attempt to square the circle of Greece 's inability to pay , and to minimize the losses faced by its creditors -- mostly European banks .
He made three main points : Germany did n't have the capacity to pay were it to regain anything like a normal standard of living ; any attempt to force it to reduce its standard of living would produce revolution ; and to the extent that Germany was able to increase its exports to pay reparations , this would be at the expense of the recipients ' exports .
Initially , Blair attempted to force through detention without charge for up to 90 days .
Since the Kremlin interrupted energy supplies to the Baltic states in 1990 in a futile attempt to stifle their independence movements , it has continued to use pipeline politics against countries such as Poland , Latvia , and Lithuania -- all new EU members .
The near certainty that the House of Representatives will be in Republican hands , and perhaps the Senate , too , means that America 's Congress will pounce on any supposed attempt by Kerry to `` sell out '' Bush 's war .
Obama steers clear both of interventions for humanitarian purposes and of attempting to export democracy by force .
The treaties mark an attempt to balance action and ambition in a context of economic crisis , fiscal consolidation , large-scale defense transformations , increasing interdependencies , and global threats -- from terrorism and nuclear proliferation to climate change , resource scarcity , and epidemics -- that are impossible to tackle unilaterally .
And , as the US and the broader international community attempt to address the unfolding events , it would be a mistake to leave the peace process off the agenda .
Additionally , there have been attempts to create new posts , develop labor-intensive industries and small and medium sized firms , promote the private sector , and encourage service jobs , plus offering occupational training : the government allocated an additional 4.7 billion yuan expressly for job creation in 2004 .
Sarkozy 's attempt to co-opt far-right rhetoric on security and immigration has not worked , because , when it comes to national chauvinism , the French prefer its authentic purveyors .
Russia , after a brief attempt at democracy under Boris Yeltsin , has reverted to a form of unenlightened despotism under Vladimir Putin .
In France , Paris magistrates attempted for years to indict former President Jacques Chirac on charges of corruption .
This arbitrary decision deprived millions of Kurds from any legal representation and disrupted the AKP government 's attempt to reconcile the Kurds with the Turkish Republic .
Despite many attempts at reform , the funds spent on US national elections grow every time voters go to the polls .
In an attempt to taint the groups I support and intimidate other donors , they imply that my contributions are illegitimate or that I have somehow broken the law .
America 's most recent campaign finance law attempts to limit the influence that special interests can gain by financing candidates and so level the playing field between the Republican and Democratic parties .
These technical difficulties stood in the way of previous attempts to put the SDRs to practical use , but they do not apply to the proposed green fund .
But , because they are freely tradable , they can be used to mount bear raids -- a type of stock market strategy by which a trader -LRB- or group of traders -RRB- attempts to force down the price of a stock to cover a short position .
The WTO has made no attempt to address these issues and there are no WTO rules against activities of transnational corporations that are harmful to the countries in which they operate .
Contrary to most commentary , this is not a growth strategy , but rather an attempt to limit the considerable risk of another major downturn , induced by further balance-sheet damage in the housing sector .
Indeed , attempts to coordinate economic policy across the G-20 , which accounts for 85 % of global GDP , fell short of what was hoped for in 2010 .
Governments and central banks are responding to damaged balance sheets and credit lockups in an attempt to limit extreme harm to their economies outside the financial sector .
Finally , to attempt this rebalancing in the current fiscal environment without tax increases -LRB- perhaps temporary measures designed to overcome the cumulative investment shortfall -RRB- would be very unwise .
By contrast , an IMF that attempted to act , say , as an international umpire of national exchange-rate policies would face insurmountable implementation and acceptance problems .
Given that the AKP 's true power base is its support in democratic elections , any attempt to impose Sharia would risk alienating many of its own voters .
Perhaps the best way to help Muslims is not to attempt to transplant institutions from Indonesia to the Middle East , or to give aid to `` American-approved '' moderates , but simply to listen more closely to the voices of Indonesian Islam .
Such attempts at blame-shifting are misguided : one can understand the default as the consequence of economic mistakes made over a decade .
At the time , many thought that such lofty appeals were a deliberate attempt to forestall real reform : those who had done well under the old system knew that the crisis would pass , and with it , so too would the demand for reform .
While no one from either the Bush or Obama administrations attempted to defend American-style free-wheeling capitalism , European leaders argued for their `` social market economy , '' their gentler form of capitalism with its social protections , as the model for the future .
These include agent-based models that emphasize the diversity of circumstances ; network models , which focus on the complex interrelations among firms -LRB- such as those that enable bankruptcy cascades -RRB- ; a fresh look at the neglected work of Hyman Minsky on financial crises -LRB- which have increased in frequency since deregulation began three decades ago -RRB- ; and innovation models , which attempt to explain the dynamics of growth .
The attempt to ensure that the losses are not recognized might tempt the Fed to rely excessively on untested , uncertain , and costly monetary-policy tools -- like paying high interest rates on reserves to induce banks not to lend .
To me , attempting to discern the economic prospects for 2011 is not a particularly interesting question : the answer is bleak , with little upside potential and a lot of downside risk .
The attempt to restrain the growth of debt does serve to concentrate the mind -- it forces countries to focus on priorities and assess values .
It is already clear , however , that the deficit-reduction agenda , at least in the US , goes further : it is an attempt to weaken social protections , reduce the progressivity of the tax system , and shrink the role and size of government -- all while leaving established interests , like the military-industrial complex , as little affected as possible .
For its part , the United States has never attempted to give free college for all , and it took a bitter battle just to ensure that America 's poor get access to health care -- a guarantee that the Republican Party is now working hard to repeal , claiming that the country can not afford it .
Consider home ownership : while American conservatives say that the government 's attempt to extend home ownership to 70 % of the US population was responsible for the financial meltdown , 87 % of Mauritians own their own homes -- without fueling a housing bubble .
And , as more and more countries intervene to weaken their exchange rates in response to America 's attempt at competitive devaluation through quantitative easing , the problem is becoming worse .
Slightly more than 13 years earlier , at the IMF 's Hong Kong meeting in 1997 , the Fund had attempted to amend its charter in order to gain more leeway to push countries towards capital-market liberalization .
Failures in Indonesia , Thailand , and Korea of 1997 were followed by failures in Russia and Brazil the next year : in those cases , attempts to maintain exchange rates at overvalued levels left taxpayers in those countries billions of dollars poorer .
The Arthur Anderson , Enron , and WorldCom scandals did n't emerge out of thin air , but had their origins in the mid-1990s , when the US Treasury actually intervened to stop attempts by the supposedly independent accounting standards board to improve matters .
A more balanced agenda would balance attempts to ease capital flows with efforts to facilitate the flow of labor , including unskilled labor .
A balanced budget amendment to the US Constitution was rejected , as were attempts to change the Federal Reserve 's charter , which mandates that it focus on employment and growth , as well as inflation .
IMF policies pushed Indonesia into depression . A misguided attempt to restructure the financial system led to a run on banks .
Under such a regime , glimmerings of which can already be seen , attempts to protect our children from tobacco , even with mild measures such as restricting advertising , could be struck down !
But would n't a reversal of the illegitimate privatizations of the 1990 's create new problems and undermine Russia 's attempt to establish secure property rights ?
America 's system of government , however , recognizes all of this , and attempts to guard against it .
The Bank 's 1997 World Development Report reflected this new attempt at finding a balanced role for the state , and showed an understanding of the limitations both of markets and government .
The Bank 's attempt to open the debate was not well received , by either the US Treasury or the IMF , but its influence was undeniable .
Gradually the Bank came to be perceived , at least in many quarters , as a partner in the joint quest for growth and poverty reduction , not an adversary attempting to promote a Western economic agenda or ideology .
Seldom do the `` chickens come home to roost '' as quickly as they have in recent years -- an ill-conceived war , attempted on the cheap , has not brought peace to the Middle East .
To be sure , the attempt by America 's new UN ambassador , John Bolton , to introduce hundreds of last-minute changes to the summit 's concluding declaration doomed the agreement -- perhaps deliberately -- to being less comprehensive and forceful than had been hoped .
For now , the world should celebrate the fact that Bolivia has a democratically elected leader attempting to represent the interests of the poor people of his country .
But these attempts will almost surely fail ; in the end -- though it may take years -- cotton subsidies will be eliminated .
If a government attempts to push the unemployment rate too low , inflation will increase , and so , too , will inflationary expectations .
The Kyoto Protocol represented the international community 's attempt to begin to deal with global warming in a fair and efficient way .
Equally interesting , China is attempting to move away from the export-led growth strategy that it and other East Asian countries have pursued .
Showdown in Bali BALI -- This month 's international meeting in Bali will set a framework that will attempt to prevent the impending disaster of global warming\/climate change .
The Bali meeting 's participants should bear this in mind : global warming is too important to be held hostage to another attempt at squeezing the poor .
Unlike the US , the EU 's difficulties stem not from a perceived lack of legitimacy or crude attempts at promoting democracy , but from a real lack of unity and , therefore , influence .
Liberalization attempts in energy and public utilities have faltered , perhaps also because the government pockets monopoly rents through dividends from public enterprises .
In an attempt to solve the problem , a mixed electoral system was introduced in the early 1990 's , with about three quarters of the seats assigned under plurality rule in single member districts and the rest allocated under proportional representation .
Conversely , when democratic transition was attempted in a fragile and closed economic environment , the outcome was much worse .
As a party to Japan 's debate on national security , I know from experience that attempting to clarify the vague constitutional status of our Self Defense Forces would lead China and South Korea -- victims of past Japanese invasions -- to use dissenting voices within Japan to smother all discussion , killing mature debate .
In 1999 , Huji members attempted to assassinate the moderate poet Shamshur Rahman with an axe .
Competing for influence among radical Islamist leaders in northwestern Bangladesh is Bangla Bhai , who in 2004 attempted an Islamist revolution in several provinces bordering India .
The Economic Community of West African States -LRB- ECOWAS -RRB- strongly condemned any attempt to `` usurp the popular will of the people of Côte d'Ivoire and appeals to all stakeholders to accept the results declared by the electoral commission . ''
The African Union also responded promptly . Its Peace and Security Council met and expressed the AU 's categorical rejection of any attempt to create a fait accompli that undermines the electoral process .
The fact that Tawang , the birthplace of the sixth Dalai Lama and a major monastery of Tibetan Buddhism , lies in Arunachal , deprives China of a vital asset in its attempts to assert total control over Tibet .
Moreover , India has attempted to establish strategic ties with countries that China sees as falling within its own sphere of influence -LRB- from Mongolia to Vietnam , including direct competition over Myanmar -RRB- .
This episode , along with two climbdowns by Pakistan 's government after public attempts to curb the ISI had been spurned by the Army , confirmed that the civilian government in Islamabad is too weak to challenge the all-powerful military .
India 's government has attempted to draw a distinction between its humanitarian obligations as an asylum country and its political responsibilities as a friend of China .
The attempt to run a common monetary policy without a common treasury has failed .
It is , however , beyond doubt that in a financially integrated Europe , attempts at new and better regulation will be effective only if such reforms are not limited to the national level .
The Caesar Temptation BUENOS AIRES -- On June 28 a coup deposed Honduran President Manuel Zelaya , ending his attempt to hold a referendum that would permit his re-election .
Following this failed attempt , Kibaki ordered Attorney General Amos Wako to author his government 's version of a new constitution .
Putin 's attempt in 2003 to have President Bush recognize Russia 's `` special interests '' in the former Soviet Union failed , just as Yeltsin 's bid to gain that recognition failed a decade earlier .
But Eurasian integration will fail if Russia 's partners see the process as Moscow 's attempt at political domination .
Taxpayers ' money was spent to purchase corporate stocks in a failed attempt to support collapsing stock prices .
Yanukovich 's naked attempt to hijack the election that precipitated the Orange Revolution should have caused him to be banned from running in future elections .
But any attempt to prolong Kuchma 's rule will create such a political mess that it is not absurd to fear that Ukraine could follow Belarus and the Balkans of the early 1990 's into outright dictatorship and chaos .
One problem is that developing countries often attempt to isolate their domestic markets from world prices , particularly price increases , in order to protect their more politically powerful urban citizens .
The tragic consequences of eleventh-hour attempts to save the Shah in Iran should not be forgotten .
But there is no indication that a non-authoritarian Egyptian regime would call into question the bilateral peace treaty , though a definite end to the Gaza blockade and a shift in attitude towards Hamas -- in the sense of a more serious attempt at forging Palestinian unity -- are to be expected .
In the early-to-mid 1990s budget deficits turned into surpluses , bank and financial supervision tightened and labor market reform was repeatedly attempted -LRB- if never achieved -RRB- .
Recipient countries can attempt to throw up barriers , but the tsunami of liquidity threatens to sweep over them .
Germany currently pays a little over 3 % nominal interest on 10-year debt , half of what Greece is being charged for emergency loans -- and far less than Greece would pay if it attempted to raise money in private markets .
`` Economic patriotism , '' the slogan coined by France 's Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin following PepsiCo 's rumored attempt in July 2005 to takeover Danone , perhaps best encapsulates the political imperative .
The galvanizing leadership of France and the United Kingdom was vital in assembling an alliance of support that included the Arab League and the United States , and in overcoming the divisions that often plague Europe 's attempts to punch its weight on the world stage -LRB- Germany , we are looking at you -RRB- .
Russian TV recently showed a bus shuttling from Grozny to Moscow , the very bus that brought to Moscow the 120 kilograms of explosives used in the siege of the Dubrovka theater where so many died in the attempt to rescue the hostages .
The slogan `` war for Muslim hearts and minds '' is a grotesque yet revealing attempt to link both sets of tools .
Would Russia or a coalition of willing countries have the right to attempt to alter Apophis ' orbit without the approval of other states ?
There can be no doubt that those who are attempting to help people involved in disasters and trauma have noble motives , but that is not enough .
Second , no matter how well meaning our attempts to reduce distress and prevent psychiatric disorder , and no matter how self-evident the intervention , we still require firm proof of the benefits .
Taken together , it is not hard to see why some commentators argue that there has been little attempt by the pharmaceutical industry to properly assess the risks and benefits of their products in under 18 's .
While attempting to halt the development of nanomaterial-inspired technologies would be as irresponsible as it is unrealistic , responsible development of these technologies demands vigilance and social commitment .
The dramatic dissolution of the Soviet Union stands as a reminder of what can happen to organizations when doubts take hold as to whether they still serve any real interests other than those of their own apparatchiks -- and how suddenly such doubts can grow when they attempt to convert themselves into something they are not .
NEW YORK -- British Prime Minister David Cameron 's government has announced some of the most draconian public-sector cuts any developed country government has ever attempted .
Other countries could learn much from the DPJ 's attempt to alter a status quo of political arrangements that has had half a century to form and consolidate .
And yet attempts to view canine smarts as cut from the same cloth as human intelligence gloss over a lot of the details about how dogs and humans operate .
When President Jacques Chirac 's first government attempted such a reform in 1995 , railroad workers , who can retire at age 50 or 55 , spearheaded the resistance .
Quantitative easing represents one such attempt .
Attempting to politically isolate and disarm Hezbollah is a task that the EU-led UN force can not accomplish and should not attempt , for it would mean war , with Syria and Iran in the background .
It was an attempt to preserve the peace -LRB- and the security of the relatively weak Austrian Empire -RRB- through a coalition of victors upholding shared values .
The Wahhabi religious establishment , the Saudi state 's hidden co-rulers , could very well obstruct Abdullah 's attempts at regional religious reconciliation .
The attempted bombing of a Detroit-bound airliner on Christmas Day by a young Nigerian man trained by Al Qaeda in Yemen appeared to open the West 's eyes to the country 's problems .
For him , the attempted Christmas Day bombing was a gift from heaven .
Moreover , Saudi Arabia has been increasingly willing to use Mecca as a forum to attempt to resolve regional political disputes .
Indeed , Kuwait refuses to forgive Iraq 's Saddam-era debts , and is building a port at Mubarak al-Kabir , which Iraqis view as a naked attempt to suffocate Iraq 's already limited access to the Persian Gulf .
Iraq has attempted to forge a political role for itself within the Arab world by participating in Arab summits , but when its turn came to play host , the summit was postponed for a year , owing partly to the Arab spring , but also to some Gulf countries ' refusal to participate in a meeting held in Baghdad .
If Japan , the US , and others attempt to intercept or counter the missile , military tension -- even possible combat -- is likely to ensue .
For the past 10 years , three South Korean presidents and three US presidents have been attempting to deal with the same `` perpetual '' leader -- Kim Jong-il .
Indeed , this vainglorious attempt by Kim Jong-il reminds Koreans of the mother bullfrog in Aesop 's Fables who puffed herself out to imitate an ox .
But there are 250,000 Israeli settlers in the West Bank . Any attempt to evacuate them could escalate into a civil war .
And any attempt to destroy militarily Iran 's nuclear potential could entangle Israel in a prolonged and exhausting struggle that might unite all the enemies of the Jewish state .
