The Commission is authorized to open a case against a proposed merger and to decide on it .
For example , shareholders could direct that the corporation may not spend funds for certain types of political purposes , or that it must follow certain principles in allocating whatever budget is authorized .
On October 17 , despite pleas for patience and restraint from Iraq and the US , Turkish lawmakers voted 507-19 to authorize Erdogan to order cross-border military strikes into Iraq at any time over the next year .
On the same day , the Central Executive Committee of the Pakistan People 's Party `` authorized the prime minister to reappoint a smaller cabinet with fewer ministers enjoying reputation of integrity , competence , and efficiency . ''
For half a century , the North Koreans have been deprived of any art , ideas , or music not authorized by the state .
It could be authorized to enter into trade agreements as well as agreements concerning individuals -LRB- for example , admission and circulation of foreigners , or extradition -RRB- , plus the right to seek admission to the UN -LRB- which does not require full sovereignty and independence -RRB- .
Finally , the 1992 agreement authorizes only monitoring of internal tensions , not massive use of military force .
The United Nations Security Council has authorized the International Security Assistance Force to take all necessary measures to fulfill its mandate .
Let 's be clear , the very existence of these weapons aggravates three global nuclear threats -- from existing arsenals -LRB- accidents , miscalculations , unauthorized use , or willful use -RRB- , from their proliferation to additional states , and from their acquisition by terrorists .
The stigma problem could then be addressed if the IMF was authorized to pre-qualify unilaterally a swath of countries for one facility or the other .
Members have agreed to a tripling of its resources . It has been authorized to raise additional funds by selling its own bonds .
Those gains culminated in the interventions , unthinkable a decade ago , that the United Nations Security Council authorized this year to stop unfolding human-rights catastrophes in Côte d'Ivoire and Libya .
The result was either UN-authorized action that was erratic , incomplete , or counterproductive -- as in the Somalia debacle of 1993 , the Rwandan genocide in 1994 , and the massacre in Srebrenica in 1995 -- or action that was eventually effective , but not UN-authorized -- and thus unlawful -- as in Kosovo in 1999 .
Then , for the first time ever , the Council explicitly authorized military intervention by member states to achieve these objectives .
Pushed by the Bush administration , Congress authorized $ 21 million for the study and development of new nuclear weapons , including a 100-kiloton bunker buster , as well as tactical battlefield nuclear weapons .
UN Security Council Resolution 1973 , which authorized the current mission to protect Libyans , had the explicit or tacit agreement of the Security Council 's five veto-wielding powers .
Some measures -- unauthorized searches of bank records and wiretapping of telephone calls -- compromise the liberty of all .
It also seemed like an illustration of her authorized biography , entitled Reina Cristina -LRB- `` Queen Cristina '' -RRB- .
Algorithms that authorize or prohibit transactions can redress conflicts of interest .
Most members of the Falun Gong and other unauthorized religions are arrested and tried for `` using an evil cult to sabotage implementation of the law '' -- a crime categorized as `` disturbing the social order . ''
If the Security Council fails to authorize action , those of us determined to protect Libyan civilians will face a more difficult choice should the violence escalate .
Both American presidential candidates , Barack Obama and John McCain , have made clear that they expect the Pakistani government to take action against militants , and that they would be willing to authorize strikes inside Pakistan .
Indeed , these governments promote constitutional reforms that seek to authorize perpetual re-election and supposedly new forms of participation that , in fact , hollow out representative democracy from within .
The sale of buildings and vehicles will be legalized and self-employment authorized , mainly in the service sector .
For example , while the Koran allows for a measure of female inheritance , tribal custom does not authorize it , which explains the popularity of tribal councils to resolve inheritance problems and cheat women out of their rights .
Any banker who reveals details of his clients ' affairs to unauthorized third parties is committing a criminal offense in Switzerland .
He has authorized the sale of farm machinery and tools -- centralized until now -- directly to farmers , as well as handing over idle land to private cooperatives and other organizations that request them .
For example , the Foreign Investment Law of 2007 , which fixed a 15-day deadline for projects to be authorized , has resulted in only $ 200 million in new inward investment .
Another secret assault on civil liberties was Nixon 's adoption of the `` Huston Plan '' which authorized political surveillance by burglary , electronic eavesdropping , and the use of the military to spy on civilians .
Bush 's subordinates authorized methods of interrogation that led to torture , and his administration adamantly resisted legislation that would ban its use .
The continuing existence of large strategic nuclear forces deployed on high alert , and of tactical nuclear weapons deployed in certain NATO states and Russia , creates a risk of accidental , unauthorized , or mistaken use , and of terrorist groups acquiring these assets .
In a final effort to reduce the impact of all these scandals , Toledo published an open letter , declaring that none of his brothers were authorized to represent him .
This threat means that the financial bailout funds authorized by Congress can legitimately be used to support the automakers . Treasury 's refusal to do so is a monumental blunder that risks a general meltdown , the consequences of which will extend far beyond America 's shores .
When intervening in financial institutions or revoking licenses , they are authorized to bring the coercive power of the state to bear against private citizens and capital .
These implicitly authorize prosecution of those responsible for a `` joint criminal enterprise , '' thus linking liability for criminal behavior such as deportations and removals to other foreseeable atrocities .
A first step could be establishing a contact group for the region , authorized by the United Nations Security Council .
The EU Commission does seem to be getting this message . It recently authorized spending 5 billion euros for priority energy projects , including1 .75 billion euros for gas and electricity interconnectors , 1.25 billion euros for carbon capture and gas storage , and 250 million euros for Nabucco . Not enough , of course , but it is a good start .
Libya is experiencing a deadly struggle between people insisting on change , and a desperate , greedy regime determined to cling to power after 40 years of crass misrule . The United Nations Security Council , supported by the Arab League , has authorized the use of all necessary means to protect Libyans from the cruelty of their own leaders .
We can grant that it was not the primary intention of those who planned and authorized the attack on Damadola to kill innocent people .
Congress has authorized the President to impose import duties on Chinese products if China remains unwilling to increase the value of its currency substantially against the dollar .
From that point on , commercial and investment banks could merge , and the composite entities were authorized to provide a full range of banking services , including underwriting and other trading activities .
Members accept the obligation not to use force except in self-defense or unless it is authorized by the Security Council .
Microsoft 's authorized representatives declared that they could not oppose the Russian police actions , because the Seattle-based company had to abide by Russian law .
The REDD + agency will have a domestic governing board that will coordinate the activities of all the governmental units concerned with rain forests , and an international board that will authorize and monitor the spending of ODA funds .
Once the principle is agreed , however , the European Council could authorize the ECB to step into the breach , indemnifying it from solvency risks in advance .
The Ukraine president is authorized to appoint and sack the prime minister , dissolve parliament if he wishes , and rule by decree if he judges that the country 's institutions are in danger .
Although UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon pressed the UN Security Council to move rapidly to authorize the proposed joint force , member governments remain deadlocked over its mandate .
The draft British-French resolution would provide for an authorized ceiling of 19,555 military troops and 6,400 police officers , with an estimated cost of over $ 2 billion during its first year .
This raises the issue of who should pay for such a mission and , more fundamentally , who can authorize it .
The Pentagon has also acknowledged that it had authorized sexualized abuse of detainees as part of interrogation practices to be performed by female operatives .
It 's not as if the sex crimes that US leaders either authorized or tolerated are not staring Americans in the face : the images of male prisoners with their heads hooded with women 's underwear ; the documented reports of female US soldiers deployed to smear menstrual blood on the faces of male prisoners , and of military interrogators or contractors forcing prisoners to simulate sex with each other , to penetrate themselves with objects , or to submit to being penetrated by objects .
Just as sex criminals -- and the leaders who directed the use of rape and sexual abuse as a military strategy -- were tried and sentenced after the wars in Bosnia and Sierra Leone , so Americans must hold accountable those who committed , or authorized , sex crimes in US-operated prisons .
