The new political leadership , both inside and outside the parliament , has been carefully avoiding a head-on collision with the president .
It is time for Musharraf 's friends in the West to press him to serve his country one last time , by avoiding confrontation with his country 's democratic forces and calling it quits .
The euro , for example , delivers clear advantages of scale by favoring international commerce and avoiding negative externalities .
· Form a strategic partnership with the traffickers in the hope that they keep to a `` gentleman 's agreement '' and commit themselves to lowering the level of violence and avoiding confrontations with police and the military .
Far from avoiding conflicts and mediating existing tensions , Turkey under the AKP appears intent on stoking new conflicts and creating new frontlines .
The days of Pax Americana in the region are over , which means that avoiding a regional explosion will require mobilizing the major international actors that favor diplomatic solutions for the Arab-Israeli conflict and for Iran 's quest to become a legitimate partner in a new regional system .
Israel 's tragedy lies in its obsession with taking -LRB- or avoiding -RRB- decisions only on the basis of worst-case scenarios .
Mr. Bush 's international credibility , they should emphasize , does not suffer through avoiding a war but gains further through controlling Iraq 's hitherto covert military effort .
Over the years , those leaders hoped to reap the benefits of reform while avoiding the blame , so they routinely let EU officials based in Brussels take the political heat for unpopular but necessary measures .
Governments could promote entry into the permanent labor market in stages by introducing graded employment protection and so avoiding the formation of a long-term dual market .
Indeed , avoiding continuous competitive devaluations is more a blessing than a curse .
The US can undermine the Iranian regime by avoiding statements and actions that help drive energy prices higher and bolster Iran 's economy .
In Brazil 's case there is a further reason for avoiding default : the country 's debt is owed mainly to Brazilians so that the losers in any default would not only be foreign creditors , but Brazilian banks , insurance companies and other financial institutions , putting the entire financial system at risk of collapse .
The most urgent , feasible , and relevant steps involve electoral and legal reforms aimed at avoiding a repeat of the current protests over the presidential vote .
Against them you have to set what former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers calls Greenspan 's `` golden glove '' performance at avoiding and minimizing recessions during his years at the Fed .
The failure to sacrifice the subsidiary objective of keeping the private sector private meant that the Fed and the Treasury lost their opportunity to attain the principal objective of avoiding depression .
The challenge for Europe is to use English as such an instrument , while avoiding submersion in American and British culture .
Meanwhile , Google is not merely avoiding evil ; it actively fights against it .
China successfully navigated the crisis , avoiding a significant slowdown , by ramping up public spending .
There are two hopes for avoiding this disastrous outcome .
The trick is to know how and where to set boundaries that concede neither too much nor too little to those with a vested interest , for good reasons or bad , in avoiding scrutiny .
Cost-benefit analysis -- balancing the cost of remedial action against the benefit of avoiding disaster -- is no longer permissible .
To be precise , two overriding EU security interests are at stake : avoiding a war with Iran and preventing Iran from becoming a nuclear power .
The idea that Germany 's own national interest dictates avoiding anything that isolates the country within Europe , and that the task is therefore to create a `` European Germany '' rather than a `` German Europe , '' seems to have been abandoned .
It is now clear that avoiding catastrophic climate change requires dramatic and rapid reductions in greenhouse-gas emissions , cuts that would lower annual emissions to 80 % below 1990 levels by 2050 .
Similarly , global monetary policy was easy , avoiding another big mistake of the 1930 's .
For a developing economy like China , it is better to have a government that plays an active role in avoiding the ups and downs that the Western economies experienced in their early days -- and are still experiencing today .
Trade also can be a powerful force in a non-polar world by giving states a stake in avoiding conflict , generating greater wealth , and strengthening the foundations of domestic political order -- thereby decreasing the chance of state failure as well .
If you like the idea of avoiding mass starvation -- and I certainly do -- you owe thanks to two groups of scientists : one that gave us the Green Revolution back around the 1980 's via strains of hardy , high-yielding grains , and another that figured out how to make bread out of air .
He worked to strengthen and modernize Russia 's armed forces while avoiding armed conflict .
This year , the UN peacekeeping budget will total $ 8 billion . Think of what we could save by avoiding conflicts -- by deploying political mediation missions , for example , rather than troops .
Although that now seems to be the case , the DPJ gave only a few lines to national security in its election manifesto , thereby avoiding infighting between the party 's left-wingers , who oppose the Japan-US Security Treaty , and its right-wingers , who support it .
Unlike the late Soviet elites , who were bureaucratic , risk-adverse , and competent when it came to international relations and security policies , the new Russian elite consists of the winners of the zero-sum games of the post-communist transition . They are highly self-confident , risk prone , and immensely wealthy , and Europe 's political elites , who made their careers in practicing compromise and avoiding conflicts do not know how to deal with them .
Arab leaders now showering their key constituencies with pay raises and food subsidies would have done so earlier , thus avoiding the impression of vulnerability .
Palestinian officials say that there is no use in holding direct talks that are nothing more than a photo opportunity intended to create the impression of a peace process while avoiding any substantive commitments .
No surprise , then , that Japanese leaders skirt the problem as if avoiding a mud puddle .
If we care most about avoiding warmer temperatures , it seems that we should be elated that this simple , cost-effective approach shows so much promise .
That meant avoiding a war with Israel .
The Chinese public has grown expert over the years at finding plenty of things to do and talk about while avoiding politically dangerous issues .
The base agreement -- reached after ten years of bilateral negotiations -- is the most practical option for avoiding potentially disastrous aerial accidents in a heavily populated area , and for reducing crimes committed by US soldiers against local Japanese , including , most notoriously , several rapes .
This is a prerequisite to defending against market fundamentalism and avoiding the iniquitous conditions of the international marketplace .
He demonstrated pragmatism by not vetoing ongoing EU accession negotiations with Turkey , thus avoiding unnecessary confrontation with Great Britain and Spain , despite maintaining his long-term opposition to full membership for Turkey .
The German way of diplomacy consisted of avoiding hard choices between Paris and Washington , Moscow and Warsaw , the EU and NATO , big neighbors and small ones .
Europe is being cautious in the name of avoiding debt and defending the euro , whereas the US has moved on many fronts in order not to waste an ideal opportunity to implement badly needed structural reforms .
They have good reason for avoiding such close scrutiny .
The only way to achieve the type of transformation in the Middle East that the Bush administration seeks is by working with others and avoiding the backlash that arises when America acts as a unilateral , imperial power .
Preventing new terrorist attacks while understanding and avoiding the mistakes of the past will be essential if we are to preserve and support liberal democracy both at home and abroad .
By limiting the convertibility of its currency , China is avoiding currency markets ' ability to discipline domestic economic decisions .
Preventing new terrorist attacks while understanding and avoiding the mistakes of the past will be essential if we are to preserve and support liberal democracy both at home and abroad .
The reform should also allow for a mechanism for countries to exchange their current dollar -LRB- and euro , yen , and pound -RRB- assets for SDRs , thus avoiding the disruptions that could be generated by the transition to the new system .
Medvedev 's proposed transatlantic security treaty would enshrine the principle of avoiding external force to resolve national disputes , which would rule out international intervention in the conflicts affecting the northern Caucasus , including Chechnya .
Critics think that pegging the currency below its real value is part of a deliberate strategy to keep growth rolling , thereby avoiding the tricky politics of growing unemployment in a system that has no institutionalized channels for expressing popular grievances .
Unlike former Chinese president Jiang Zemin , whose history lectures irritated Japan 's postwar generations , Hu focused on the future , avoiding the dreaded `` Y '' word in the meeting with Koizumi . The Japanese media took note .
And this would give savers less of an incentive to search for yield , thus avoiding financial instability .
Over the years `` avoiding ... the ultimate consequences '' through limitations butted against the bitter legacy of the surprise attacks suffered by both the US and Russia in World War II .
Such a commitment served China extremely well in avoiding collateral damage from the crisis of 2008-2009 .
In a system where courts can not be relied upon to protect property rights , letting the government hold residual rights in an enterprise may have been a second-best mechanism for avoiding expropriation .
Although avoiding a global water crisis will not be easy , we have at hand policies and technologies that , if properly applied , could see us safely through the next several decades , even in the face of increasing -- and increasingly wealthy -- populations .
But the risks are two-sided , and sound economic policy is just as much about capitalizing on good times as avoiding bad ones .
Indeed , it seems like avoiding sustained deflation , or falling prices , is all they can manage .
Central banks should have announced a coordinated 50 basis-point reduction to signal their seriousness about avoiding a global hard landing .
In short , an optimal path of fiscal austerity would , in most countries , imply a back-loaded but credible commitment to medium-term consolidation , together with short-term additional stimulus when necessary and allowed by market conditions , thereby avoiding the prospect of a deflationary and recessionary spiral .
The advantage of a par bond is that Greece 's creditors -- banks , insurance companies , and pension funds -- would be able and allowed to continue valuing their Greek bonds at 100 cents on the euro , thereby avoiding massive losses on their balance sheets .
Often , political leaders and military and security elites have proven as shrewd and tenacious in avoiding justice as they showed themselves cunning and brutal in doing injustice .
Such a deal can be struck now , but only by avoiding the useless debate over who blocked peace in the past .
According to the best economic and engineering estimates , if each key economic sector develops and adopts environmentally sound technologies in the coming decades , the world will be able to reduce carbon emissions dramatically for less than 1 % of annual global income , thereby avoiding long-term damage that would cost far more .
The Fed should take care to prevent any breakdown of liquidity while keeping inflation under control and avoiding an unjustified taxpayer-financed bailout of risky bank loans .
Cleverly , Norway pays out the funds to Brazil only upon proven success in avoiding deforestation -LRB- compared with an agreed baseline -RRB- .
King Coal 's Climate Policy COPENHAGEN -- The United Nations Climate Change Treaty , signed in 1992 , committed the world to `` avoiding dangerous anthropogenic interference in the climate system . '' Yet , since that time , greenhouse-gas emissions have continued to soar .
Strong US leadership is required to push the WTO in this direction while avoiding an EU-style future -LRB- regulatory overload -RRB- or a UN-style future -LRB- an irrelevant talking shop -RRB- .
Such a tricameral legislature , its proponents believe , would better ensure that political decisions are made by more educated and enlightened representatives , thereby avoiding the rank populism of Western-style elected factions .
They theorize that `` bull markets are characterized by ambiguity-seeking behavior and bear markets by ambiguity-avoiding behavior . ''
But avoiding this outcome will not be easy , for it will require that selection for genetic enhancement is either available to no one or accessible to everyone .
With little incentive to manufacture `` structured investment vehicles , '' few Spanish banks created them , thereby avoiding excessive leverage .
If such a contingent-capital structure had been in place before the crisis , troubled banks would have been recapitalized by the contingent debt holders while avoiding the complications and legal posturing inevitable in formal bankruptcy .
The global fund would introduce two prices : one for carbon saving by restoring forests and one for avoiding carbon emissions by preserving them .
But continued high growth in emerging markets depends on avoiding a second major downturn in the advanced economies , which continue to absorb a large -LRB- though declining -RRB- share of their exports .
In avoiding second - or third-best outcomes and policy accidents , international economic policy coordination , though difficult , has a vital role to play .
Aid to old economy firms that spent more on avoiding taxes than in restructuring took the form of a repeal of the alternative minimum tax , a tax provision designed to limit the extent to which firms could make use of loopholes in the tax code .
Instead of moving towards peace and democracy , the situation in Iraq remains so dangerous that Paul Bremer , the American occupation leader , is using instability as his rationale for avoiding democratic elections this year .
While countries can be compensated for planting forests , they can not be compensated for avoiding deforestation .
But success in fighting corruption entails more than just good procurement procedures -LRB- avoiding , for instance , single-source non-competitive bidding -RRB- .
We must also ensure that solutions for strengthening financial stability and avoiding future turmoil -- the focus of April 's G-20 summit -- are discussed with all countries concerned .
But , in addition to avoiding destructive changes , the proposal suggests a way forward for the Convention .
That means , above all , avoiding trade that makes it more difficult to pursue those aims .
Together , they should press for assurances of a free and fair process , with the aim of avoiding the kind of mess that followed the Iranian elections .
Even as the G-20 wrestles with the challenges of the global economic slowdown and the euro crisis , the mandate to the FSB remains central to a substantial financial-reform agenda -- and to avoiding national and regional divergence in areas critical to the global financial system 's stability .
Indeed , by the end of 2007 , more than 26.5 million rural households were using household biogas digesters , thereby avoiding CO2 emissions by 44 million tons .
Only the probability of a default -- and the goal of avoiding even deeper haircuts -- can induce investors to liquidate their positions at a discount .
Can Greece , with the EFSF 's help , obtain debt relief while avoiding default ?
Industrial policies must be based on a country 's factor endowments , and should build on concrete opportunities to integrate industries and firms in global value chains -- for example , by deepening existing linkages with international production networks and export markets -- while avoiding overinvestment in international growth laggards .
China has much to gain by avoiding such a strategy .
Managers can easily move from firm to firm when things go badly , avoiding any punishment .
