Russia currently sells certain arms to China , but avoids exporting its most sophisticated systems , since the Kremlin views China as a potential future threat .
Popper 's definition avoids theological disputes about the `` rule of the people , '' and whether such a thing can actually exist .
For importers and exporters , quoting prices in the same currency -- say , the dollar -- as other importers and exporters avoids confusing one 's customers .
Although the new tax law is generally described as a fiscal stimulus , it is more accurate to say that it avoids a large immediate fiscal contraction .
That , in turn , avoids triggering requirements of more bank capital .
Of course , a return to the Europe of the 1930s is not in the offing . The new right accepts capitalism and modernity , and it mostly avoids anti-Semitism .
Angela Bismarck Thatcher BERLIN -- The European Union 's recent summit has brought about a typically European compromise on the Greek financial crisis , one that avoids the term `` solution '' and hides behind the idea of a `` mechanism . ''
Lukashenko avoids any major integration projects , even those in the military sphere .
In nearby Thailand , China has invested $ 20 billion in a plan to build a canal across the Kra Isthmus to connect the Indian Ocean and the Gulf of Siam , thereby providing an alternate oil import route that avoids the Strait of Malacca .
Even if Egypt avoids control by religious extremists , democracy 's two-part anatomy makes swift and smooth progress to a democratic system problematic .
In this way , the bank temporarily exchanges its illiquid assets for cash , pays off its depositors , and avoids doing so at a loss .
It makes little sense to declare war on a tactic , and experience has proven that the terminology merely reinforces the narrative that bin Laden seeks to promote , which is why Britain now avoids the phrase .
A passive follower keeps his head down , shuns risk , and avoids criticism .
This rule normally ensures a modicum of coherence and avoids overreactions in exchange rates , but it is insufficient in deflationary times .
American companies operating in Europe are part of that system for their European-based emissions , so that US companies are being pulled into climate control even if their own government avoids the issue .
By doing so , he avoids the damage to his authority that would be caused by becoming a `` lame duck , '' particularly given Russia 's servile bureaucracy and its lack of reliable institutions and respected traditions to carry out a smooth transfer of power .
It avoids the hopeless task of trying to value millions of complex mortgages and the even more complex financial products in which they are embedded , and it deals with the `` lemons '' problem -- the government gets stuck with the worst or most overpriced assets .
Although he avoids talking about it at home , even Kim Jung Il may now believe that `` juche '' is a losing philosophy .
