Competitive devaluation , which skeptics are calling for , must be avoided this time around .
East Europeans suffered from high private-sector debt , which they largely avoided transforming into public debt .
For years , Arafat avoided holding elections , as required by the laws of the Palestinian Authority , under the pretense that they can not be held under occupation : but , lo and behold , two months after his demise , an election was held - and with resounding success .
So far , Norway has avoided the worst pitfalls of the Dutch disease by using its massive oil revenues to establish a national savings scheme , the Petroleum Fund , which is permitted to invest only in foreign assets .
While Central and Eastern Europe has been the emerging-market region to suffer the most in the crisis , it has generally avoided the currency collapses , systemic banking failures , and spikes in inflation that were the staple of previous crises .
In 2008 , such a catastrophic scenario was narrowly avoided , owing to policy intervention , including the coordination effort under the so-called Vienna Initiative -LRB- in which the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development , among others , was involved -RRB- .
Banks naturally avoided traditional business loans -LRB- which would have to be backed by more capital -RRB- , and instead loaded up on the highest-yielding -- and thus riskiest -- AA or AAA mortgage - backed securities that they could find .
Remarkably , Italy had twice the fall in output seen in France , another large OECD country that , like Italy , had avoided the root causes of the crisis : a housing boom-bust sequence and a serious bank crisis .
To their credit , many of the project 's opponents have avoided the crass bigotry that is becoming a standard trait of right-wing discourse in the United States .
It could have either avoided a monumental mistake , as Iraq has now proved to be , or it could have brought the United Nations on board from the outset , ensuring that military action , and the subsequent occupation and reconstruction of the country , would have broad multilateral support .
Israel has long avoided drafting a constitution , because its secular citizens fear that orthodox Jews would impose their values on them .
If security cooperation is to be a success , politically sensitive issues should be avoided , with the emphasis squarely on practical measures .
What needs to be avoided is a failure -- such as occurred in Haiti following its devastating earthquake -- to move from the first stage to the second .
America 's growth trajectory will be 2 % below what it would have been had the financial crisis been successfully finessed and the lesser depression avoided .
But if depression is to be avoided , it will be through old-fashioned Keynesian fiscal policy : the government must take a direct hand in boosting spending and deciding what goods and services will be in demand .
They responded that they had not rescued the truly bad speculative actor , Russia ; that they had `` bailed in , '' not bailed out , the New York banks , by requiring them to cough up additional money to support South Korea 's economy ; and that everyone had benefited massively , because a global recession was avoided .
Officials can not say that a global recession has been avoided ; that they `` bailed in '' the banks ; that -- with the exception of Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns -- they forced the bad speculative actors into bankruptcy ; or that the government made money on the deal .
On the political front , a power vacuum must be avoided .
Current projections indicate that uranium shortages in the coming years can be avoided only if existing and new uranium mines operate according to plan .
For many years , Mexico avoided service on the Security Council , thinking that a seat there would entail many costs and few benefits .
Its policy is tailored after that of Singapore , which has avoided large currency fluctuations -- and has maintained a significantly more competitive exchange rate during the last three years than all of Latin America 's countries .
The world has avoided the `` Argentinization '' of the international financial system .
What has not been avoided is a recession that will be deep , long , and global .
Overheating having been avoided , the Chinese economy can keep motoring ahead at its customary 10 % annual pace .
By contrast , countries that loosened monetary policies and reflated not only stabilized their financial systems more effectively and recovered faster , but also avoided the toxic protectionism of the day .
Outside interference should always be avoided in situations such as this .
If that is to be avoided , continued leadership from the top -- above all from Obama and Russian President Dmitri Medvedev -- will be indispensable .
If it were not part of the euro system , Greece might not have gotten into its current predicament and , even if it had gotten into its current predicament , it could have avoided the need to default .
To finance today 's wars , by contrast , the US government has not only avoided raising taxes , but has actually cut them on an enormous scale , with the Bush tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 now extended at least through 2012 .
Merkel barely avoided political oblivion in the last general election , after the CDU had embraced market radicalism and then campaigned on it in 2005 .
At home , though , Merkel fears this debate like no other -- a debate that the financial markets and the crisis in many European countries will ensure can not be avoided .
Still , the single currency 's collapse was avoided , and French President Nicolas Sarkozy was right to laud the establishment of a `` European Monetary Fund '' as a real achievement .
Setting such a precedent in Kosovo must be avoided to ensure stability not only in the Balkans , but in all countries with dissatisfied ethnic minority populations .
Medieval Christianity was by nature European , although it avoided the word itself and accepted all national forms of cultural expression .
These problems are exceedingly common and artfully avoided because the science that would account for them just does n't exist .
The next bust can be avoided only if emerging markets manage the dream of homeownership better than the US and Europe .
This fall in GDP , though a natural consequence of lower imports of consumption goods , is often mistakenly perceived as something to be avoided , because it seems to imply that output is below its `` potential . ''
In a completely flexible economy , this drop in measured GDP -LRB- and the concomitant increase in unemployment -RRB- could be avoided if the resources formerly employed in selling imported consumer goods could quickly be used to generate exports .
Yet the lesson should not be that failure has to be avoided at all costs : applied to the case of Greece , this would mean that the pressure on the Greek government to adjust would evaporate .
Either we will write this history ourselves , or we will suffer through a dark era that could have been avoided .
Doctors have made many errors that they could have avoided had these principles been applied .
So far , the decline of what was the Soviet Union has proceeded relatively well ; Russia , the principal successor state , has avoided all-out civil war and war with its neighbors .
Early elections should be avoided , lest those -LRB- such as the Muslim Brotherhood -RRB- who have been able to organize over the years enjoy an unfair advantage .
At various times , the US avoided scrutinizing the internal workings of friendly countries in the interest of ensuring a steady flow of oil ; containing Soviet , Iraqi , and Iranian expansionism ; addressing issues related to the Arab-Israeli conflict ; resisting communism in East Asia ; or securing military bases .
Banks and insurance companies are to be avoided , on the theory that their activities are usurious and thus prohibited .
But if it is always regarded as relevant , the worst damage may be avoided .
This past summer , millions of travelers avoided paying cumbersome and expensive charges to change their currency .
The solution that was eventually adopted was considered brilliant at the time , because it avoided formal default by any of the big Latin American borrowers -LRB- though Brazil briefly defaulted five years later , in 1987 -RRB- .
About 150-180 million tobacco deaths would be avoided before 2050 if the proportion of adults in developing countries who quit smoking increases from below 5 % today to 30-40 % by 2020 -LRB- like current quit rates in Canada -RRB- .
For example , the Ukraine debacle could have been avoided had we evaluated the political situation in a timely manner and backed the candidate who was practically certain to win .
Iraq 's leading Shiite cleric , Ayatollah Ali Sistani , has not been able to act independently and has avoided opposing Iranian policies toward Iraq in order to protect his fragile network of institutions .
Change was anathema , risk to be avoided at all costs .
When Kan led the DPJ in opposition , he avoided discussing any raise in the rate of consumption tax .
If resumption of political violence and property destruction is to be avoided , a new internal security policy will be needed .
Within a mobile and open Europe , there can be no fencing off of foreign cultures ; contact can not be avoided .
The temptation to build `` white elephants '' should be avoided ; projects should be chosen for their potential to increase productivity and competitiveness .
By increasing reflection and shade , a great deal of heat build-up can be avoided .
Measuring the avoided climate impact for the indefinite future , the entire combined efforts of the Queen , many companies , and the city halls of Copenhagen and other cities yielded $ 20 worth of good .
Even accounting for the key environmental damage from warming , we would lose money , with avoided damages of just $ 685 billion for our $ 800 billion investment .
Instead , direct policies to address New Orleans ' vulnerabilities could have avoided the huge and unnecessary cost in human misery and economic loss .
That would be a shameful legacy -- one that could be avoided by re-thinking climate policy .
For every dollar that the world spends on this grand plan , the avoided climate damage would only be worth two cents .
The net annual benefits would run into several billion dollars , which equates to $ 3.60 worth of avoided climate damage for each dollar spent .
But much of this damage will be avoided by people choosing for themselves to adapt to a change in their environment .
Compare this to other analyses showing that strong and immediate carbon cuts would be expensive , yet achieve as little as $ 0.02 of avoided climate damage .
The total cost would be 50 times that of the avoided climate damage .
So , as tempting as they may be , analytical shortcuts are best avoided at this early stage .
BRUSSELS -- The G-20 governments have declared that competitive devaluations -LRB- or currency wars -RRB- must be avoided .
Japan 's Leadership Muddle OSAKA -- Having seen a new prime minister every year for five consecutive years , Japan has just narrowly avoided having its third in 2010 .
In these posts , Kan avoided involvement with the two issues that wrecked Hatoyama 's premiership : the controversial base relocation issue , and debates over budget cuts .
The EU may well have avoided significant constitutional tensions had its member states ' governments initiated such programs much sooner ;
For his part , Barroso is widely seen as having avoided controversy throughout 2008 in order not to risk offending any governments that might have been inclined to block his reappointment .
By using the best evidence available at the time , hundreds of additional deaths were avoided .
There was , however , another , category of people : the `` careful and untainted , '' who absented themselves from the world of politics . They hated communism , but , convinced that the system could not be reformed , they avoided the democratic opposition .
Hiding behind the originality -LRB- in French presidential politics -RRB- of her gender , Royal has avoided specifying a detailed program .
But autonomous economic regions should be avoided as a threat to Afghan national unity because they would play into the hands of the warlords .
Despite the urging of staff members , leaders of these missions avoided launching criminal investigations into the missing .
First , one should consider the severity of the crimes committed by those who would escape punishment . Second , we should consider how much death and suffering would be avoided by letting such a ruler and his henchmen go free .
But the Americans used a modest amount of force to remove the Taliban government , avoided disproportionate civilian casualties , and were able to create an indigenous political framework .
The third possibility -- military action endorsed by a small group of states -- should be avoided , for practical , legal , and moral reasons .
The rate of decline would then determine the extent to which the worst effects of climate change can be avoided .
That way , economically irrational lock-in effects , whereby workers simply can not afford to change jobs , are avoided .
The government urged the country to respect Muslims ' `` understandable sympathies for their fellow-religionists , '' and tensions were avoided .
LONDON -- American exceptionalism , when it runs rampant , is a tsunami to be avoided .
This stance conveniently avoided rows with oil dictators .
Unlike the so-called `` chicken hawks '' who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , McCain 's life is not at odds with his politics .
Are the risks so high that they justify the suffering that could have been avoided ?
The only worse stain on Israel would be if survivors of an Iranian nuclear strike were to lament that , had their country acted proactively , `` the third destruction of the Temple '' -- the end of the Jewish state -- could have been avoided .
By contrast , countries like China and India , which avoided a surge of capital inflows , managed to maintain highly competitive domestic currencies , and thereby kept profitability and investment high .
Never mind that most of the crises could have been avoided , or late least substantially mitigated , if governments had let their currencies float against the dollar , rather than adopting rigid exchange-rate pegs .
Stable macroeconomic policies also need to be in place , while fixed exchange rates are to be avoided .
Having reached the epiphany that financial restructuring must be avoided at all costs , the governments of the world have in turn cast a huge safety net over banks -LRB- and whole countries in Eastern Europe -RRB- , woven from taxpayer dollars .
In fact , European assurances that arms sales to China could be controlled and threats to an ally avoided do appear unconvincing .
That way , formal haircuts on the face value of debt can be avoided via new bonds that include only a maturity extension and an interest-rate cap that is set below today 's unsustainable market rates .
And , without a rapid return to growth , more defaults -- and social turmoil -- can not be avoided .
Although physical confrontation has largely been avoided , there is no assurance that his supporters will not take to the streets in the event of a defeat .
Aside from banning bottom trawling and establishing a global fund for avoided deforestation , we should designate a global network of protected marine areas , in which fishing , boating , polluting , dredging , drilling , and other damaging activities would be prohibited .
As a result , the major economies avoided a collapse of credit and production .
Although the worst was avoided , much pain remains .
Emerging economies , for the most part , avoided this disastrous over-borrowing . One reason , certainly , was the vivid memory in Asia of the 1997 financial crisis , which underscored the need for limits on bank borrowing and capital inflows .
Europe and Japan have also avoided the financial contributions to AIDS control that could keep millions of HIV-infected Africans alive .
In Lebanon , the danger of one community monopolizing power over others is avoided because the Lebanese constitution imposes permanent power-sharing arrangements on all major communities .
Regional governments may not have openly supported the insurgents , but they clearly avoided cracking down on the jihadist groups operating within their borders .
The feared implosion of Wall Street seems to have been avoided .
The World Bank is keen to work with partners to experiment with such a facility for avoided deforestation .
The tragedy could have been avoided if Greece had shown unyielding , timely debt discipline .
Credit for the absence of a truly serious Islamic challenge , however , should perhaps be given to Indonesia 's moderate and mainstream Muslim leaders and groups , such as Nahdatul Ulama and Muhammadyah , who avoided incendiary words and deeds .
The Bali conference last year agreed to include avoided deforestation in tropical countries into a new climate regime , which could generate new employment opportunities in sustainable management , conservation , and tourism .
Only a strong leader , de Gaulle thought , could have avoided defeat .
That equilibrium works so long as each institution is submitted to close scrutiny -- which judges and magistrates have simply avoided .
That is how insinuations of cowardice and foul play helped defeat two highly decorated Vietnam War veterans , Senator Max Cleland in 2002 , and John Kerry in 2004 , while Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney -- both of whom avoided military service - -- were portrayed as true patriots .
The global imbalances could be cured , and conflicts avoided , only by greater international cooperation .
It avoided the massive waste of human resources associated with high unemployment in America , where almost one out of five people who would like a full-time job can not find one .
As a result , much of the developing world is relieved that at least this risk has been avoided .
Indeed , since the end of WWII , Japan has avoided a full-fledged debate on the country 's national security framework , in which Japan would have the courage to disagree with the US .
The war that erupted in 1991 in no small measure pitted those parts that had been ruled by the German-speaking empires against those that avoided such colonization .
Of course , confrontation with America must be avoided .
Securitization avoided such costs and placed the new product advantageously -- with the complicity of rating agencies , which stood to profit from investors ' inexperience and lack of information .
Thanks to the protocol , it is estimated that up to 20 million cases of skin cancer , and 130 million eye cataracts , will be avoided .
The discounted cost of the resulting stream of fixed annual costs totaled $ 800 billion , but damages avoided by this approach amounted to a discounted value of only $ 685 billion .
· protectionism is avoided and markets stay open ;
Adherence to these principles ensures that private rent-seeking and appropriation of oil profits , a major dimension of the so-called resource curse , is avoided .
Zuma 's turbulent personal life -- many wives and his embarrassing contention during a rape trial that he avoided HIV infection by taking a shower -- has invited ridicule .
Either officials recognize immediately the inevitability of default and waste no resources trying to prevent it , or they believe that a default can be avoided and deploy all the resources at their disposal as fast as possible .
