The new political leadership , both inside and outside the parliament , has been carefully avoiding a head-on collision with the president .
In this context , the army , seeking to avoid sole responsibility for reverses , wants a popular government to take charge of policy . No such government can emerge if the elected parties are unseated .
It is time for Musharraf 's friends in the West to press him to serve his country one last time , by avoiding confrontation with his country 's democratic forces and calling it quits .
For now , the Taliban are on the run , some with shaved beards and some in burqas , to avoid being recognized and thrashed .
Ironically , the most likely way to avoid large-scale confrontation between Fatah and Hamas is through an Israeli incursion into Gaza .
To avoid such a scenario , Abbas has banned all militias and military groups in the West Bank , including his Fatah Party 's al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades .
If Hamas can establish order inside Gaza , prevent violence against Israel , and stop missile attacks against Israeli towns and villages , it might avoid Israeli military intervention .
The more open an economy is , the more easily it can avoid this trap .
Officials can take two obvious steps to avoid it altogether .
Unfortunately , reacting to corrupt businessmen in this way sets in motion a vicious circle : more regulation may lead to even more corruption in order to avoid it ; higher taxes on wealth will bring about even more tax evasion , making the system even more tainted .
Russia currently sells certain arms to China , but avoids exporting its most sophisticated systems , since the Kremlin views China as a potential future threat .
China finds itself in a delicate position , pulled in one direction by its desire to avoid a precipitous North Korean collapse , and in the opposite direction by its overriding need to deepen economic relations with the US , Japan , and South Korea .
The euro , for example , delivers clear advantages of scale by favoring international commerce and avoiding negative externalities .
UNESCO -- not alone among UN entities -- seems more inclined to bend over backwards to avoid taking any action that might offend `` African sensibilities '' on its board .
Competitive devaluation , which skeptics are calling for , must be avoided this time around .
Clearly , failure would impose huge political costs that leaders will be impelled to take all necessary steps to avoid .
That would help strategic stability , prevent antagonizing Russia -LRB- which remains a fundamental factor in European security -RRB- and avoid deteriorating the security climate in Asia .
A stable Euro makes stronger cooperation possible and desirable : not only to prevent global financial instability but to avoid the risk of conflicting currency blocs arising .
Turkey 's reform process shows that the latter is not an unavoidable destiny for the countries of the region .
Not all countries will embrace the Protocol . Some will prefer to avoid any strengthening of economic , social , and cultural rights and will seek to maintain the status quo . The better and fairer position , however , is to embrace the vision of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and promote unambiguously the idea that human dignity requires respect for the equally vital and mutually dependent freedoms from fear and want .
When Bin Laden 's close collaborator Ayman al-Zawahiri asked al-Zaraqawi to avoid targeting Shiites , al-Zaraqawi instead escalated the violence against them .
But the charges against Khodorkovsky are as flimsy as they are tendentious : the privatization case had been amicably settled previously , and Khodorkovsky has merely used tax avoidance schemes that are commonplace in Russia -- and that have been upheld in court .
East Europeans suffered from high private-sector debt , which they largely avoided transforming into public debt .
The best way to avoid a confrontation between the people and the security forces is a process of genuine reform leading to elections and a government of national unity .
· Form a strategic partnership with the traffickers in the hope that they keep to a `` gentleman 's agreement '' and commit themselves to lowering the level of violence and avoiding confrontations with police and the military .
For years , Arafat avoided holding elections , as required by the laws of the Palestinian Authority , under the pretense that they can not be held under occupation : but , lo and behold , two months after his demise , an election was held - and with resounding success .
It might even force Israel to make decisions that until now it found easier to avoid .
Far from avoiding conflicts and mediating existing tensions , Turkey under the AKP appears intent on stoking new conflicts and creating new frontlines .
The statistics showing the enormous proportion of Roma children in those schools are hard to ignore , and the suspicion of discrimination is difficult to avoid .
The demand for a different monetary order , as advocated by China , sets the stage for a renewed effort to avoid the international imbalances which were at the root of this crisis .
Of the many necessary measures in this area , the most important include a vigorous effort to complete the Single Market , coupled with avoidance of economic nationalism at all costs .
A reluctance to prosecute war criminals is an asset that Balkan governments use in order to pacify their nationalist audience and , indeed , to avoid the thorny problems of a thoroughgoing reform .
This could help to avoid a repeat of Iran 's experiences after its 1979 revolution , when contracts for fuel and technology for its planned nuclear power program were not honored .
So far , Norway has avoided the worst pitfalls of the Dutch disease by using its massive oil revenues to establish a national savings scheme , the Petroleum Fund , which is permitted to invest only in foreign assets .
If Norway is to avoid succumbing to the Dutch disease , there can be only one solution . With the importance of the tradeables sector dwindling away , the nontradeables sector must increase its productivity and output .
If it continues to allow such cases to go forward , it risks losing even more credibility among those Tibetans who , like the three environmentalists , have tried to stay within the law and avoid politics .
We should , however , avoid the medical convention whereby each product is either over-the-counter or prescription , regardless of who is buying the product .
But , if the results of such tests are to be reliable , they should avoid the US tests ' fundamental flaw .
To get a good picture of banks ' financial health , estimating the value of their toxic assets is unavoidable .
To avoid rewards for short-term performance and focus on long-term results , pay structures need to be re-designed .
The effort to avoid the harm of flawed compensation decisions in the future should not be deterred by speculative arguments about unintended consequences .
In particular , they should study and avoid the mistakes made in the AIG bailout in late 2008 .
That means one begins to avoid tough subjects , like the repression of Falun Gong and its followers .
Nor are the talks a Syrian ploy to avoid facing an international tribunal on the assassination of Lebanon 's former prime minister , Rafik Hariri .
Rather , it is the prerequisite without which superior goals -- rapprochement with the United States , legitimization of Syria 's special status in Lebanon , and avoidance of a potentially devastating war with Israel if the Golan Heights are not recovered by peaceful means -- can not be attained .
Indeed , such asymmetric conflicts through proxies have become the new conventional way that states avoid the price of a general war .
But , however understandable Israel 's sense of being wrongfully treated might be , it should hold itself to higher standards , and avoid entrenching itself behind the walls of its own convictions .
The Middle East 's Hair Trigger TEL AVIV -- Across the Middle East , a fatalistic conventional wisdom is taking hold : war is unavoidable .
The days of Pax Americana in the region are over , which means that avoiding a regional explosion will require mobilizing the major international actors that favor diplomatic solutions for the Arab-Israeli conflict and for Iran 's quest to become a legitimate partner in a new regional system .
The Mecca agreement that brought forth the unity government in Palestine will inevitably temper Hamas ' radicalism , just as the regime 's avoidance in Jordan of an `` Egyptian solution '' to the Islamist challenge allowed the Islamic Action Front to contain within the movement many who would have been otherwise drawn into the jihadist orbit .
But , to avoid a cataclysm , the US and its allies must defuse the bomb by enforcing the provisions of the 2005 CPA , which they all endorsed .
Israel 's tragedy lies in its obsession with taking -LRB- or avoiding -RRB- decisions only on the basis of worst-case scenarios .
Israel will avoid at all costs a large ground incursion .
While Central and Eastern Europe has been the emerging-market region to suffer the most in the crisis , it has generally avoided the currency collapses , systemic banking failures , and spikes in inflation that were the staple of previous crises .
In 2008 , such a catastrophic scenario was narrowly avoided , owing to policy intervention , including the coordination effort under the so-called Vienna Initiative -LRB- in which the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development , among others , was involved -RRB- .
The same applies to a European effort to rebuild relations with Iran , or a joint initiative to invest in helping Russia to destroy its huge arsenal of antiquated nuclear and chemical munitions so as to avoid having these fall into the wrong hands .
That danger was foreseeable ; failing to avoid it a costly mistake .
Mr. Bush 's international credibility , they should emphasize , does not suffer through avoiding a war but gains further through controlling Iraq 's hitherto covert military effort .
If the six governments want to avoid the escalation spiral and curb the proliferation dynamic , they need to change strategy and objective .
For example , on trade , there has been a remarkable commitment to efforts -- largely successful -- to avoid significant backsliding into protectionism .
Banks naturally avoided traditional business loans -LRB- which would have to be backed by more capital -RRB- , and instead loaded up on the highest-yielding -- and thus riskiest -- AA or AAA mortgage - backed securities that they could find .
Over the years , those leaders hoped to reap the benefits of reform while avoiding the blame , so they routinely let EU officials based in Brussels take the political heat for unpopular but necessary measures .
In emerging markets and low-income economies , the challenge is to avoid overheating , contain financial risks , and address pressing social spending needs , while not compromising sustainability .
Those of the second type are minor and relatively easy to repair if not to avoid . All that they usually require is a reduction in interest rates or a bit of reflation .
During the first part of the decade , intervention was motivated by the desire to avoid devaluation , and therefore to support the inflation-targeting objectives .
However , in later periods the objective was to avoid real exchange-rate appreciation , and , at the same time , to accumulate international reserves and strengthen credibility .
Now , in a low-inflation environment , flexibility is properly regarded as an important tool to avoid misalignments and to shield economies from external shocks .
Second , although countries have laid the groundwork for sustainable growth in a number of areas , the reform agenda remains vast , and most countries are not yet able to avoid the boom-and-bust cycles that have long plagued them .
Governments could promote entry into the permanent labor market in stages by introducing graded employment protection and so avoiding the formation of a long-term dual market .
A reform offering a `` tenure track '' imposes no burden on public finances , and could avoid further distortions and highly costly measures later on .
Two years ago , when financial crisis shook the world , Berlusconi 's choice was to avoid any policy intervention to counteract the Great Recession .
Remarkably , Italy had twice the fall in output seen in France , another large OECD country that , like Italy , had avoided the root causes of the crisis : a housing boom-bust sequence and a serious bank crisis .
Royal 's chief virtue is that she has not taken part in the numerous internal battles that infuriate socialist militants and voters , and her lack of direct association with the party 's leadership has enabled her to avoid blame for its mistakes .
The best way to address that scrutiny and avoid accusations of `` victor 's justice '' is to involve other international players in the exercise .
In such a crucially important debate , the quality of the information offered is paramount , and it is no coincidence that those who oppose stem cell research prefer to avoid a public debate that would force them to confront scientific arguments .
Indeed , avoiding continuous competitive devaluations is more a blessing than a curse .
In theory , enough quantitative easing implies future inflation , motivating people to buy big-ticket items , like cars and appliances , now to avoid the run-up in prices later .
There are good reasons for Iraq to avoid Lebanon 's example in this respect .
The US can undermine the Iranian regime by avoiding statements and actions that help drive energy prices higher and bolster Iran 's economy .
The False Promise of `` Targeted '' Sanctions Despite his bellicose rhetoric , George W. Bush would very much like to avoid a choice between air strikes on Iranian nuclear sites and accepting a nuclear Iran .
The appeal of targeted sanctions against Iran is obvious : they are meant to help the administration avoid military action , which could create more problems than it solves .
Europe 's leaders , who helped broker a peaceful and democratic end to the Orange Revolution , should once again help Ukraine avoid political deadlock .
To avoid contagion from Argentina 's financial crisis , the IMF agreed a $ 30 billion package with Brazil in August designed to stabilize markets and avoid the need for the Central Bank to exhaust Brazil 's reserves defending the currency .
In Brazil 's case there is a further reason for avoiding default : the country 's debt is owed mainly to Brazilians so that the losers in any default would not only be foreign creditors , but Brazilian banks , insurance companies and other financial institutions , putting the entire financial system at risk of collapse .
It is probably true that many white policemen , even if they are trained to avoid racial profiling , as Sgt. Crowley was , need to be convinced that a black man can be at home in one of the finer houses of Cambridge , or any other American city .
Any force is justified to avoid another Shoah , and those who shirk their duty to support such force are regarded as no better than collaborators with evil .
Often Japanese officials ' utterances are deliberately vague , to avoid having to take responsibility if things go wrong -- a fairly universal trait among the powerful .
Pandering to Israel 's uncompromising policies may be the easiest way for America 's Democratic president to avoid trouble in an election year .
Long-term affordability and equitable access requires a finite vision of medicine and health care , one that does not try to overcome aging , death , and disease , but tries to help everyone avoid a premature death and to live decent , even if not perfect , lives .
As long as appropriate governance and revenue-administration mechanisms are put in place -- particularly to avoid rent-seeking behavior -- natural-resource availability may turn out to be a blessing rather than a curse for these countries .
A presidential order recalling the unionist , police , and army troops is urgently needed to avoid greater tragedy -LRB- there have already been 30 deaths in the last two years -RRB- and create conditions for dialogue and a democratic covenant with regional , civic , and political opposition forces .
To avoid this outcome , it is vital to purge certain reactionary and numbing beliefs , including the idea that reducing poverty obviates the need to address inequality , or that development is possible without introducing modern and progressive tax systems .
To their credit , many of the project 's opponents have avoided the crass bigotry that is becoming a standard trait of right-wing discourse in the United States .
To avoid one of the two parties getting the upper hand and imposing arbitrary decisions , the common decision-making body should consist of four Serbian delegates , two Kosovar delegates , and three representatives of the EU , thus requiring both sides to gain the support of the European delegates .
Having instead made the request for a warrant public , al-Bashir -- assuming the judges uphold the request -- can simply refrain from traveling abroad and thus avoid arrest .
It could have either avoided a monumental mistake , as Iraq has now proved to be , or it could have brought the United Nations on board from the outset , ensuring that military action , and the subsequent occupation and reconstruction of the country , would have broad multilateral support .
The most urgent , feasible , and relevant steps involve electoral and legal reforms aimed at avoiding a repeat of the current protests over the presidential vote .
It would show that indicted warlords and dictators can avoid justice by holding the Security Council hostage to threats of more violence .
Santos may be less willing to avoid confrontation , if only because the personal antipathy between the two leaders is immense .
The anti-secession law 's vague language and attempt at softened wording -- perhaps geared toward mollifying foreign critics -- paradoxically increases rather than decreases the likelihood that China and the United States could be unwittingly and unwillingly drawn into an avoidable military conflict .
Cuba 's internal system is one that Rivero managed to avoid annoying too much until March of this year .
Third , information provided in confidence by foreign governments or intelligence services must be closely held to avoid embarrassing the provider of the information and thereby reducing the likelihood that information will be shared in future .
In other circumstances , it may be prudent to avoid revealing how much -- or how little -- is known about a given situation .
Busy with domestic political affairs , they do not hesitate to use Europe as a scapegoat to avoid breaking bad news to their fellow citizens .
Then there is Britain 's political leadership , for whom enlargement is a way to avoid deepening , and , indeed , to dissolve political Europe .
Women who plan to postpone marriage while building their careers are far more likely to want to ensure that they can avoid or end an unintended pregnancy .
At times dialogue with terrorists may be needed ; there may be reason to avoid making this impossible by fixating too rigidly on moral imperatives and condemning all terrorists as unspeakable criminals .
This is a nightmare that both European and mainstream Romanian politicians want to avoid .
Ionesco was no moralist , but even he would not deny one moral to be drawn from this story : when societies avoid taking necessary measures , things only get worse .
To the extent that government becomes involved in restructuring financial institutions , it should avoid unnecessary wealth transfers from taxpayers to the security holders of the financial institutions .
Popper 's definition avoids theological disputes about the `` rule of the people , '' and whether such a thing can actually exist .
Israel has long avoided drafting a constitution , because its secular citizens fear that orthodox Jews would impose their values on them .
Cartoons of Mohammed are not published , and Mozart 's opera Idomeneo is not performed in order to avoid offending religious sensitivities ; and when , in the end , the publication and the performance take place , they become a demonstration almost intended to offend .
It is difficult to avoid the implication that Europe 's need for immigrants is likely to combine with massive , and probably irresistible , migratory pressure from developing countries to the developed world .
The difference is that George W. Bush won the presidency by a whisker , whereas William Hague could not avoid defeat .
On the contrary , everyone knows that Lionel Jospin 's government pursued a slow , covert process of privatization and liberalization , because such a process is unavoidable in today 's global economy .
In any event , once the decision of principle had been subordinated to ostensibly technical economic tests , it was unavoidable that Treasury mandarins , who are institutionally opposed to European integration , would conduct them .
But Blair , beset by controversy over the unpopular and possibly illegal war in Iraq , thought he could avoid trouble at Westminster by postponing ratification until 2006 -LRB- that is , a comfortably long time in the future -RRB- , and proposing that it be carried out by popular referendum .
If security cooperation is to be a success , politically sensitive issues should be avoided , with the emphasis squarely on practical measures .
In particular , indefinite detention without trial needs to be addressed to avoid the recurrence of problems .
What needs to be avoided is a failure -- such as occurred in Haiti following its devastating earthquake -- to move from the first stage to the second .
Ninth , establish economic reconstruction zones to jump-start sustainable economic activity , create jobs and export earnings , improve aid effectiveness and accountability , and avoid aid dependency .
To avoid a continuation of conflict and aid-dependency , the main focus of the international aid commitment should be to reactivate small enterprises and promote startup companies in various sectors in order to create viable economies that enable people to earn a legal and decent living .
El Salvador , following the end of its civil war , managed to avoid reverting to conflict or becoming aid-dependent , owing mainly to its emphasis on efforts to reintegrate former combatants from both sides and other war-affected people into the national security forces , the political process , or economically productive activities .
The big problems for most ofhumanity will be to find enough conceptual puzzles and diversions in their work and leisure lives to avoid being bored , and enough relative status not to be green with envy of their fellows .
Looking back , it is difficult to avoid the conclusion that it was at the end of the nineteenth century that something really special happened .
When there is excess demand for safe , liquid , high-quality financial assets , the rule for which economic policy to pursue -- if , that is , you want to avoid a deeper depression -- has been well-established since 1825 .
America 's growth trajectory will be 2 % below what it would have been had the financial crisis been successfully finessed and the lesser depression avoided .
Keynes , in his General Theory of Employment , Interest and Money , set out the framework that nearly all macroeconomists use today . That framework is based on spending and demand , the determinants of the components of spending , the liquidity-preference theory of short-run interest rates , and the requirement that government make strategic but powerful interventions in the economy to keep it on an even keel and avoid extremes of depression and manic excess .
China will gain a measure of risk diversification , reduce the price pressure that has kept earnings on its foreign exchange reserves low , and avoid running into political trouble .
Against them you have to set what former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers calls Greenspan 's `` golden glove '' performance at avoiding and minimizing recessions during his years at the Fed .
To cause a significant current evil in order to avoid a possible future danger when our knowledge is limited and our judgments uncertain is , Greenspan believes , unwise .
Today , the principal source of international economic disorder is made in China , owing to factions inside its government that hope to avoid a more-rapid appreciation of the renminbi 's value .
We also believe that government should play a powerful role in managing the market to avoid large depressions , redistributing income to produce higher social welfare , and preventing pointless industrial structuring produced by the fads and fashions that sweep the minds of financiers .
The Fed 's first priority is to try to keep the American economy from dropping too far below full employment , and to try and avoid a US meltdown contaminating other economies .
The Road to Depression BERKELEY -- For 15 months , the United States Federal Reserve , assisted by the financial regulators of the US Treasury , have been trying to make the macroeconomic consequences of the American mortgage-backed securities financial crisis as small as possible -- trying , above all , to avoid a deep depression .
With that guarantee broken by Lehman Brothers ' collapse , every financial institution immediately sought to acquire a much greater capital cushion in order to avoid the need to draw on government support , but found it impossible to do so .
Because it tried to keep the private sector private , it sought to avoid partial or full nationalization of the components of the banking system deemed too big to fail .
The failure to sacrifice the subsidiary objective of keeping the private sector private meant that the Fed and the Treasury lost their opportunity to attain the principal objective of avoiding depression .
But if depression is to be avoided , it will be through old-fashioned Keynesian fiscal policy : the government must take a direct hand in boosting spending and deciding what goods and services will be in demand .
If so , then the unavoidable conclusion must be that things would not have been so bad if the government had refused to implement an expansionary fiscal policy , recapitalize banks , nationalize troubled institutions , and buy financial assets in non-standard ways .
They responded that they had not rescued the truly bad speculative actor , Russia ; that they had `` bailed in , '' not bailed out , the New York banks , by requiring them to cough up additional money to support South Korea 's economy ; and that everyone had benefited massively , because a global recession was avoided .
Officials can not say that a global recession has been avoided ; that they `` bailed in '' the banks ; that -- with the exception of Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns -- they forced the bad speculative actors into bankruptcy ; or that the government made money on the deal .
The last emperor of the Tang Dynasty proclaimed seven era names in fourteen years , as he sought in vain to `` re-brand '' his reign and avoid his regime 's demise .
The key here is to avoid the trap of protectionism and international isolation .
The challenge for Europe is to use English as such an instrument , while avoiding submersion in American and British culture .
Einstein sought to avoid the implication of unmodified general relativity that the universe can not be static -- that it can expand -LRB- slowing down , against its own gravity -RRB- , collapse , or be instantaneously at rest , but that it can not hang unsupported .
On the political front , a power vacuum must be avoided .
They will need quickly to face up to the reality that in order to pursue US interests in the region , including stabilizing Iraq and Afghanistan , the current standoff with Iran can not continue , and that a greater degree of cooperation is unavoidable .
Current projections indicate that uranium shortages in the coming years can be avoided only if existing and new uranium mines operate according to plan .
It thus seems unavoidable that energy consumers , especially in many rich countries , will have to learn to exchange their current worries about the distant future consequences of global warming for the reality of energy shortages during periods of peak demand .
For most Serbs , any lie or avoidance of a clear answer was proof that the entire testimony was false .
Even Saddam is smart enough to avoid this trap , so he and Iran 's ayatollahs will posture and grandstand and thus move oil prices up a bit .
The growing presence of non-commercial investors has provided important liquidity to the market , as speculators assume risks related to commodity prices that hedgers wish to avoid .
For many years , Mexico avoided service on the Security Council , thinking that a seat there would entail many costs and few benefits .
Meanwhile , Google is not merely avoiding evil ; it actively fights against it .
Its policy is tailored after that of Singapore , which has avoided large currency fluctuations -- and has maintained a significantly more competitive exchange rate during the last three years than all of Latin America 's countries .
The world has avoided the `` Argentinization '' of the international financial system .
What has not been avoided is a recession that will be deep , long , and global .
President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva did indeed decide to avoid the rampant populism of Hugo Chávez of Venezuela , and successfully tackled inflation .
It has rethought its traditional opposition to capital controls . It has suggested that central banks may want to consider higher inflation targets in order to avoid hitting the zero bound in the event of deflationary shocks .
Already there is a sense that the IMF is reluctant to tell Europe more forcefully how to handle its problem with Greece because the managing director must be careful to avoid meddling in Europe 's internal politics .
China successfully navigated the crisis , avoiding a significant slowdown , by ramping up public spending .
Overheating having been avoided , the Chinese economy can keep motoring ahead at its customary 10 % annual pace .
For importers and exporters , quoting prices in the same currency -- say , the dollar -- as other importers and exporters avoids confusing one 's customers .
By contrast , countries that loosened monetary policies and reflated not only stabilized their financial systems more effectively and recovered faster , but also avoided the toxic protectionism of the day .
Rapidly growing catch-up economies are paddling furiously to avoid being dragged down by a torrent of capital inflows .
So , rather than worrying that they might be approaching a Lehman Brothers moment , European policymakers would be better off designing a Greek debt deal tailored , like the Brady Plan , to avoid this fate .
There are two hopes for avoiding this disastrous outcome .
The other is for the Obama administration and the Fed to provide details about how they will eliminate the budget deficit and avoid inflation once the recession ends .
Directing spending toward imports of capital equipment would avoid overheating China 's own markets , boost the economy 's productive capacity -LRB- and thus its ability to grow in the future -RRB- , and support demand for US , European , and Japanese products just when such support is needed most .
To avoid comparing apples and oranges , we have compared the data for the 11 countries that were included in the first wave in 1999 , supplemented by Greece , which joined shortly thereafter . -LRB- All data are from Eurostat , the European statistics bureau . -RRB-
Outside interference should always be avoided in situations such as this .
Unless we are convinced of the Dreamliner 's ability to avoid stall speed , it makes no sense to talk about all the ways in which it will enhance the travel experience for millions of people around the world .
The US government has little time to waste if it is to avoid an even more protracted and entrenched unemployment problem .
In advanced economies , projected rates of growth are not sufficient to avoid mounting debt and deficit problems .
The baseline expectation , albeit subject to risk , is that Democrats and Republicans will find a way to avoid disruptions that would damage the fragile US economy , but that the compromise will not meaningfully address the need for sensible medium-term fiscal reforms .
After some considerable volatility , a smaller and more robust currency union will emerge ; and , importantly , Europe will avoid the euro 's demise and a total breakdown of the eurozone .
Alas , such commonplace language also makes wars harder to avoid , harder to end , and arguably more deadly .
And Putin can not avoid responsibility .
If that is to be avoided , continued leadership from the top -- above all from Obama and Russian President Dmitri Medvedev -- will be indispensable .
The new concept also made clear that international protective action meant military coercion only in extreme and unavoidable cases .
The trick is to know how and where to set boundaries that concede neither too much nor too little to those with a vested interest , for good reasons or bad , in avoiding scrutiny .
Lower asset prices may slow total investment growth and GDP , but if the slowdown is -LRB- supposedly -RRB- from 11 % to 9 % , China will avoid economic over-heating yet still enjoy sustainable high growth .
Rather , savings should be channeled even more -- and more efficiently -- to domestic investment in order to avoid large external imbalances .
Cost-benefit analysis -- balancing the cost of remedial action against the benefit of avoiding disaster -- is no longer permissible .
A large fiscal deficit increases the need for foreign funds to avoid crowding out private investment .
Consider first the goal of reversing the monetary expansion , which is necessary to avoid a surge of inflation when aggregate demand begins to pick up .
If it were not part of the euro system , Greece might not have gotten into its current predicament and , even if it had gotten into its current predicament , it could have avoided the need to default .
The only way that Greece could avoid a default would be by cutting its future annual budget deficits to a level that foreign and domestic investors would be willing to finance on a voluntary basis .
Greece might have been able to avoid that outcome if it were not in the eurozone .
Although the new tax law is generally described as a fiscal stimulus , it is more accurate to say that it avoids a large immediate fiscal contraction .
That , in turn , avoids triggering requirements of more bank capital .
So European politicians hope that by showing that even Greece can avoid default , private markets will gain enough confidence in the viability of Italy and Spain to continue lending to their governments at reasonable rates and financing their banks .
While the crisis could strengthen the institutions provided by the EMU , it could also create multiple risks , of which member countries need to be aware if they want to avoid them .
However , it will need to be much better targeted at increasing demand in order to avoid adding more to the national debt than the rise in domestic spending .
To finance today 's wars , by contrast , the US government has not only avoided raising taxes , but has actually cut them on an enormous scale , with the Bush tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 now extended at least through 2012 .
Of course , a return to the Europe of the 1930s is not in the offing . The new right accepts capitalism and modernity , and it mostly avoids anti-Semitism .
Fortunately , we managed to avoid economic collapse , thanks to support from the International Monetary Fund , while reducing the deficit by half .
Neither Russia nor China could avoid showing solidarity within the Security Council .
Across Europe , risk avoidance seems to be the order of the day , even at the expense of the common interest and NATO solidarity .
To be precise , two overriding EU security interests are at stake : avoiding a war with Iran and preventing Iran from becoming a nuclear power .
The decisive question , however , will be whether it will be possible to freeze the Iranian nuclear program for the duration of the negotiations to avoid a military confrontation before they are completed .
But Merkel will do whatever she can to avoid committing herself prematurely , and the London summit is much too early .
But to avoid this type of political modernization , these countries have all opted for economic and social liberalization and integration into the world market .
Merkel barely avoided political oblivion in the last general election , after the CDU had embraced market radicalism and then campaigned on it in 2005 .
Angela Bismarck Thatcher BERLIN -- The European Union 's recent summit has brought about a typically European compromise on the Greek financial crisis , one that avoids the term `` solution '' and hides behind the idea of a `` mechanism . ''
At home , though , Merkel fears this debate like no other -- a debate that the financial markets and the crisis in many European countries will ensure can not be avoided .
The idea that Germany 's own national interest dictates avoiding anything that isolates the country within Europe , and that the task is therefore to create a `` European Germany '' rather than a `` German Europe , '' seems to have been abandoned .
Further aid packages for Greece may seem impossible to avoid , because the losses imposed on Greek debt holders have been too modest .
Still , the single currency 's collapse was avoided , and French President Nicolas Sarkozy was right to laud the establishment of a `` European Monetary Fund '' as a real achievement .
If the euro is to survive , genuine integration , with further transfers of sovereignty to the European level , will be unavoidable .
Drawing on that successful experience , the eurozone should avoid the EU 's original sin of creating a supra-national structure that lacked democratic legitimization .
When central bankers can not avoid a crisis -- or when they contribute to create one -- their fundamental mission is to do everything in their power to contain its impact .
After all , a woman may use deadly force to avoid being raped , even though the life of the aggressor , one would think , is worth more than the sexual integrity of the potential victim .
It is now clear that avoiding catastrophic climate change requires dramatic and rapid reductions in greenhouse-gas emissions , cuts that would lower annual emissions to 80 % below 1990 levels by 2050 .
Childless couples decide to avoid having kids .
Similarly , global monetary policy was easy , avoiding another big mistake of the 1930 's .
If the international financial wizards can get together and act on this idea now , commodity exporters might be able to avoid calamity the next time the world price of their product takes a plunge .
In this new framework , the EU should avoid excessive conditionality , especially during the transition period .
Pinker 's message will appeal to those eager to avoid political reforms that would compel a greater sense of collective responsibility .
Often , these entanglements are unavoidable , especially in the case of biomedical research .
But China can best avoid similar tragedies not by flexing its muscles , but by building greater multilateral cooperation to combat transnational crime along the Mekong .
For a developing economy like China , it is better to have a government that plays an active role in avoiding the ups and downs that the Western economies experienced in their early days -- and are still experiencing today .
This would help avoid local competition between krill vessels and the creatures that need krill to live , since krill fishing closely overlaps with the critical foraging areas for penguins and seals .
But there is also a short-term imperative to avoid a cycle of decline .
Setting such a precedent in Kosovo must be avoided to ensure stability not only in the Balkans , but in all countries with dissatisfied ethnic minority populations .
Medieval Christianity was by nature European , although it avoided the word itself and accepted all national forms of cultural expression .
But if Bashir Assad wants Syria to avoid sinking deeper into poverty and irrelevance , he must undertake political , cultural , and economic liberalization .
When foreign credit dried up for Brazil years ago , the only way to avoid bankruptcy was to call in the IMF .
The older we become , the fatter we get , no matter what we eat -- though this seems to conflict with the ob-gen argument that we need to get fat to avoid starvation .
Yet , despite all this , Lukashenko manages to avoid implementing economic projects profitable to Russia -LRB- i.e. , a single currency -RRB- .
Lukashenko avoids any major integration projects , even those in the military sphere .
These problems are exceedingly common and artfully avoided because the science that would account for them just does n't exist .
Groups of critical thinkers -- the `` experts '' -- should be on hand to advise on how to avoid second-order disasters .
To avoid both the global hangover of no deal and the self-deception of a weak deal , a breakthrough is needed -- and can still be achieved in Copenhagen .
UnionPay , the market leader , is expensive for retailers to install , and many shops prefer cash to avoid tax .
The next bust can be avoided only if emerging markets manage the dream of homeownership better than the US and Europe .
Investors have now learned that the first to sell will avoid losses .
This fall in GDP , though a natural consequence of lower imports of consumption goods , is often mistakenly perceived as something to be avoided , because it seems to imply that output is below its `` potential . ''
In a completely flexible economy , this drop in measured GDP -LRB- and the concomitant increase in unemployment -RRB- could be avoided if the resources formerly employed in selling imported consumer goods could quickly be used to generate exports .
Yet the lesson should not be that failure has to be avoided at all costs : applied to the case of Greece , this would mean that the pressure on the Greek government to adjust would evaporate .
This is why it is crucial to create a mechanism to contain the cost -- and thus minimize the unavoidable disruptions -- resulting from a default .
Even if a Palestinian state committed to peaceful coexistence were created , down the road Israel may be unable to avoid the fate of Northern Ireland .
Humala most likely will not follow market dictates robotically . But he will not be able wholly to avoid them .
A Euro-Mediterranean monetary system would avoid the discrepancy between euro - and dollar-denominated trade -- indeed , eventual expansion of the eurozone should not be ruled out . A reliable legal framework for exports and investments is also needed , and a targeted development bank would help to create a financial environment favorable to investment .
As we face the type of turning-point decisions not seen since the darkest days of the 1930 's , can we avoid such an outcome ?
If we are to avoid the worst , fundamental change is not only necessary , but unavoidable .
Either we will write this history ourselves , or we will suffer through a dark era that could have been avoided .
Doctors have made many errors that they could have avoided had these principles been applied .
So far , the decline of what was the Soviet Union has proceeded relatively well ; Russia , the principal successor state , has avoided all-out civil war and war with its neighbors .
This suggests , first , that governments should avoid public comments describing the American presence as an occupation or as lacking legitimacy , lest they make it more likely that the US departs Iraq entirely and leaves the country and its people to a terrible fate .
Trade also can be a powerful force in a non-polar world by giving states a stake in avoiding conflict , generating greater wealth , and strengthening the foundations of domestic political order -- thereby decreasing the chance of state failure as well .
Early elections should be avoided , lest those -LRB- such as the Muslim Brotherhood -RRB- who have been able to organize over the years enjoy an unfair advantage .
At various times , the US avoided scrutinizing the internal workings of friendly countries in the interest of ensuring a steady flow of oil ; containing Soviet , Iraqi , and Iranian expansionism ; addressing issues related to the Arab-Israeli conflict ; resisting communism in East Asia ; or securing military bases .
Banks and insurance companies are to be avoided , on the theory that their activities are usurious and thus prohibited .
If you like the idea of avoiding mass starvation -- and I certainly do -- you owe thanks to two groups of scientists : one that gave us the Green Revolution back around the 1980 's via strains of hardy , high-yielding grains , and another that figured out how to make bread out of air .
Even with a world population that continues to add tens of millions of new mouths every year , given continuing growth in Haber-Bosch fertilizer and a surprising trend toward a worldwide decline in birth rates -LRB- if you live about 50 years longer , according to the best estimates , you 'll see humanity reach zero population growth -RRB- , it might be within humanity 's grasp to avoid mass starvation forever .
Californians will have to decide how much weight to give to respect for adult liberty , protection of minors , avoidance of a large-scale black market , fiscal considerations , and protection of marijuana users ' health .
This will help to avoid the kind of fears that surfaced in 2004 about implementation of the previous UN plan .
Farther away , in Libya and Syria , the Saudis have said little , perhaps to avoid picking the losing side in uncertain circumstances .
In domestic affairs , no German government can avoid the Bundestags powerful committees and commissions , or force them to behave as the government wishes .
Above all , we need to show patience with the new governments of the countries we hope to see evolving toward democracy , and avoid the tendency to expect instant gratification .
The principal reason is that in times of crisis people fall into predictable but avoidable errors , largely because of panic .
Over time , detailed protocols have evolved for such confusing situations to encourage cool-headedness and minimize the risk of avoidable error .
The surest way to rouse violent resistance is to communicate to people that there is nothing they can personally do to avoid being attacked .
Vitamin A capsules , which help avoid problems affecting eyesight and immunity , cost just another $ 0.20 .
But if it is always regarded as relevant , the worst damage may be avoided .
For example , on Sina 's microblog site , bloggers used pictures , euphemisms , and English or traditional Chinese characters to avoid censorship .
So the principal agent uses proxies in order to avoid being sucked into a quagmire .
Europeans , meanwhile , suffer from their aversion to immigration , their children 's increasing avoidance of math , science , and engineering , and the fact that the EU is closing itself off from internal competition in services , one of the most competitive sectors in the world economy .
If we are to avoid seeing the EU subjected to divide-and-rule policies that lead them to jockey for better gas deals , then a common energy policy -- overseen by an EU Energy Commissioner with the negotiating heft of the Trade Commissioner -- is vital .
This past summer , millions of travelers avoided paying cumbersome and expensive charges to change their currency .
In addition , Uribe 's absence allowed Chávez to avoid responding to Colombia 's accusations that Venezuela and its ally Ecuador support the narco-Marxist FARC .
If the economy was foolproof , and if so many good policy options existed to deal with crisis and distress , there was less need to avoid mistakes .
It simply sought to avoid confrontation with the unions .
Both Japan and Germany were slow in liberalizing their domestic financial systems as they tried to limit capital inflows for a substantial period of time in order to avoid rapid currency appreciation and the consequent erosion of their export competitiveness .
Osborne argued that Britain was on the brink : that there was no alternative to his policy if the country was to avoid a massive crisis of confidence .
The solution that was eventually adopted was considered brilliant at the time , because it avoided formal default by any of the big Latin American borrowers -LRB- though Brazil briefly defaulted five years later , in 1987 -RRB- .
The Franco-German initiative unveiled at Deauville in early November , which would require some possible measure of restructuring for debt issued after 2013 , tried to avoid the immediate shock of a haircut .
One consequence is that Fed officials now try to avoid it .
Why not avoid seven years of misery , and begin some similar rescue operation now that could lead to a return to economic vigor and dynamism ?
But exchange-rate appreciation put great strain on the export industries that were central to these countries ' economic performance ; and both countries tried desperately to avoid becoming reserve currencies .
The whole point of crisis management was to avoid risks to the system and thus bankruptcy .
If China is to avoid the fate of early 20th century Germany , it must bolster successful economic modernization with constitutional and political reform .
Indeed , millions of deaths in impoverished nations are avoidable with prevention and treatment options that the rich world already uses .
To avoid problems , I ate only dates and American corned beef canned in 1941 and 1942 for the US Army .
About 150-180 million tobacco deaths would be avoided before 2050 if the proportion of adults in developing countries who quit smoking increases from below 5 % today to 30-40 % by 2020 -LRB- like current quit rates in Canada -RRB- .
Doing everything possible to avoid a repeat of the 1989 scenario may well be the Communist Party leadership 's top priority in 2009 .
As a result , emerging-market countries , aiming to ensure that they avoid needing financial support from the IMF in the foreseeable future , are increasingly following China 's lead and trying to ensure that they , too , run current-account surpluses .
Moreover , the benefits rise , because the restructuring clauses required for new debt , together with Germany 's highly visible efforts to avoid future government bailouts , raise the interest-rate spreads that weaker countries must pay today .
Implementing the policy commitments from the multilateral consultation is also needed to avoid a loss of confidence in the dollar .
But the consequences of any default would , ironically , actually increase the size of government relative to the US economy -- the very outcome that Republican intransigents claim to be trying to avoid .
With each passing day , it becomes more apparent that a restructuring of Greek debt is unavoidable .
Did Johnson 's advisers push the country into a disastrous war in order to win an election -- or , to be more exact , to avoid losing one ?
But that theory meshed with suspicious ease with the perceived domestic political need for the president to appear `` tough '' -- to avoid appearing `` less of a hawk than your more respectable opponents , '' as Bundy later put it .
But do the recent suicide attack on the Bagram air base outside of Kabul , a key United States military installation in Afghanistan , and the failed car bombing in New York City 's Times Square mean that the `` war on terror '' -LRB- a phrase that the Obama administration has deliberately sought to avoid -RRB- has reignited ?
As the deal was intended to avoid a nuclear standoff with Iran , why was there so much outrage in the US and the West ?
In nearby Thailand , China has invested $ 20 billion in a plan to build a canal across the Kra Isthmus to connect the Indian Ocean and the Gulf of Siam , thereby providing an alternate oil import route that avoids the Strait of Malacca .
For example , the Ukraine debacle could have been avoided had we evaluated the political situation in a timely manner and backed the candidate who was practically certain to win .
That way , the world 's poor could at least avoid the heavy-handed conditionality imposed by the IMF and World Bank .
To avoid the perception of NATO or the US attacking another Muslim country , the backing of the Arab world is also needed .
If it does not , we should make clear that we will lead the free world to avoid the senseless slaughter of any more Libyan citizens by a madman bent on maintaining power .
Yet the recent bloodbath there is almost sure to change that , as violence unavoidably breeds radicalization .
Iraq 's leading Shiite cleric , Ayatollah Ali Sistani , has not been able to act independently and has avoided opposing Iranian policies toward Iraq in order to protect his fragile network of institutions .
Change was anathema , risk to be avoided at all costs .
This will allow President Bush to avoid seeming to surrender to the threat of nuclear blackmail .
He worked to strengthen and modernize Russia 's armed forces while avoiding armed conflict .
To avoid an even worse alternative , the United States and Europe should support the Putin-Medvedev tandem , in the hope that they provide a stable and secure environment for investment .
Prior agreement on the scope or outcome should not be a precondition for talks -- or an excuse to avoid them -- but rather a subject of the negotiations themselves .
This year , the UN peacekeeping budget will total $ 8 billion . Think of what we could save by avoiding conflicts -- by deploying political mediation missions , for example , rather than troops .
But such services must not shy away from promoting and providing modern contraceptive methods to avoid unwanted pregnancies .
Although that now seems to be the case , the DPJ gave only a few lines to national security in its election manifesto , thereby avoiding infighting between the party 's left-wingers , who oppose the Japan-US Security Treaty , and its right-wingers , who support it .
Although appeasing China 's drive for hegemony in Asia is unthinkable , every realistic effort must be made to avoid militarization of the region 's diplomacy .
When Kan led the DPJ in opposition , he avoided discussing any raise in the rate of consumption tax .
In order to avoid the recurring crises of the past , Argentina must re-establish trust and implement a macroeconomic program to slow inflation , maintain fiscal balance , and promote investment , technological development , and education .
To avoid crisis , China must rein in excessive credit growth and the overheating that results from it .
To avoid confrontation with America , Russia should call for the creation of a special international committee to deal with all ABM questions , and this committee should be responsible for international cooperation in the field of missile defense .
Unlike the late Soviet elites , who were bureaucratic , risk-adverse , and competent when it came to international relations and security policies , the new Russian elite consists of the winners of the zero-sum games of the post-communist transition . They are highly self-confident , risk prone , and immensely wealthy , and Europe 's political elites , who made their careers in practicing compromise and avoiding conflicts do not know how to deal with them .
To avoid future increases in this appetite , policymakers and pundits have focused on the so-called `` moral hazard problem '' : the `` bad guys '' must pay for their mistakes , lest they make them again .
The ECB will have to cut interest rates in 2008 if it wants to avoid a hard landing for the euro-zone economy .
It 's time for a pause in European integration efforts if only to avoid a complete , irreparable rupture of relations between nations that are supposed to be uniting .
It is simple , clear and thus attractive , although they do try to avoid populist temptations .
The Church tried everything possible to avoid an unequivocal approval of capitalism .
The EU wants to avoid another Cyprus , where a candidate country partly occupies a member country .
? We must cultivate mutual respect and consideration , so as to reach a reasonable balance of interests , instead of thinking only of unlimited power and unavoidable competitive struggles ;
Arab leaders now showering their key constituencies with pay raises and food subsidies would have done so earlier , thus avoiding the impression of vulnerability .
If resumption of political violence and property destruction is to be avoided , a new internal security policy will be needed .
For Palestinians , the main concern is to avoid negative repercussions if they do .
Palestinian officials say that there is no use in holding direct talks that are nothing more than a photo opportunity intended to create the impression of a peace process while avoiding any substantive commitments .
Our attempt to avoid conflict with the Soviet Union before WWII was a costly mistake that resulted in decades of occupation , many thousands of lost and wasted lives , and retarded economic development .
Comparing the human losses of Finland and Estonia throughout the 20 ` th century , it is clear that trying to avoid conflict and accepting paper guarantees imposed greater losses in percentage terms on us than on Finland .
But substantial gaps remain and must be addressed through international cooperation in order to avoid regulatory arbitrage .
No surprise , then , that Japanese leaders skirt the problem as if avoiding a mud puddle .
The list of common behaviors associated with the disorder gave him pause : fear of eating alone in restaurants , avoidance of public toilets , and concern about trembling hands .
This differentiates Turkey from most other Muslim countries in the Middle East , and has enabled it to avoid the sharp dichotomies , ruptures , and violence that have characterized political modernization elsewhere in the region .
The biggest challenge for the next government is to acknowledge the risks and dangers of the resource curse , and design a new , creative model to avoid it .
The 1949 communist takeover in China , the Cold War , America 's adoption of Japan as its pampered protégé , and the failure to prosecute Emperor Hirohito for war crimes , allowed Japan to avoid a moral reckoning .
On the other hand , Moscow 's elite -- who fear that their assets may be expropriated by a future government -- wants to avoid international pariah status so that they can see out their sun-set years in the safety of the West if the need arises .
According to one view , Eastern Europe was uniquely positioned to benefit from multinational companies : its workforce was well educated , especially in engineering and sciences , and was thus able to avoid the classic `` low-skills , low-wage '' trap .
The North Atlantic Council would seem an obvious forum within which to enhance solidarity among members , reassure member states that have perceptions of greater vulnerability , and avoid misperceptions .
Within a mobile and open Europe , there can be no fencing off of foreign cultures ; contact can not be avoided .
Should instability ignite into open warfare , Russia will find it impossible to avoid the consequences .
The desire to avoid public discontent and ensure social stability led to a suspension of reform .
But it would at least restore the truth about the Cultural Revolution , summarizing its lessons in order to avoid repetition .
One of the best ways to avoid cancer is to eat lots of fruit and vegetables .
The temptation to build `` white elephants '' should be avoided ; projects should be chosen for their potential to increase productivity and competitiveness .
By increasing reflection and shade , a great deal of heat build-up can be avoided .
It would also avoid ever-stronger incentives for free riding and ever-harder negotiations over ever more restrictive Kyoto-style treaties .
Measuring the avoided climate impact for the indefinite future , the entire combined efforts of the Queen , many companies , and the city halls of Copenhagen and other cities yielded $ 20 worth of good .
Even accounting for the key environmental damage from warming , we would lose money , with avoided damages of just $ 685 billion for our $ 800 billion investment .
Instead , direct policies to address New Orleans ' vulnerabilities could have avoided the huge and unnecessary cost in human misery and economic loss .
Often , politicians avoid prioritization .
If we care most about avoiding warmer temperatures , it seems that we should be elated that this simple , cost-effective approach shows so much promise .
That would be a shameful legacy -- one that could be avoided by re-thinking climate policy .
For every dollar that the world spends on this grand plan , the avoided climate damage would only be worth two cents .
Each dollar would avoid $ 1.51 of global warming damages -- a respectable outcome .
The net annual benefits would run into several billion dollars , which equates to $ 3.60 worth of avoided climate damage for each dollar spent .
The most critical issue is n't any rise or fall in emissions . It is how much climate damage we can avoid .
But much of this damage will be avoided by people choosing for themselves to adapt to a change in their environment .
Green and Galiana calculate the benefits -- from reduced warming and greater prosperity -- and conservatively conclude that for every dollar spent this approach would avoid about $ 11 of climate damage .
Compare this to other analyses showing that strong and immediate carbon cuts would be expensive , yet achieve as little as $ 0.02 of avoided climate damage .
The total cost would be 50 times that of the avoided climate damage .
They suggest partially funding the required research and development with a `` slowly rising but initially low carbon tax '' that would avoid undermining economic growth .
Climate Hysteria You would have had to be stuck in deepest Mongolia to avoid hearing that the United Nations ' climate panel , the IPCC , issued a new report last week .
We should expand the European single market in order to boost growth and avoid new divisions .
Many citizens believe that European cooperation benefits only the privileged , and that workers and pensioners face higher taxes because cross-border integration has helped the rich find ways to avoid paying their fair share on interest and capital gains .
Many people hoped that Iran 's leaders , despite their extremism , would accept the offer if only to avoid sanctions -- which are sure to come even if China and Russia refuse to support them in the United Nations Security Council .
That meant avoiding a war with Israel .
While commentators in Israel and around the world were still mourning or gloating over Israel 's lost military supremacy , both Egyptian President Anwar Sadat and Syrian President Hafez Al-Assad soberly recognized that their countries had come closer to catastrophic defeat than in 1967 , and that it was imperative to avoid another war .
The Chinese public has grown expert over the years at finding plenty of things to do and talk about while avoiding politically dangerous issues .
So , as tempting as they may be , analytical shortcuts are best avoided at this early stage .
On the other hand , the desire to avoid confrontation can prevent meaningful agreements from being reached in a reasonable timeframe , and the appearance of consensus may merely mask the true politics at work .
But a key factor is that , until recently , China 's leaders have abided by the wise counsel of Deng Xiaoping : taoguang yanghui -LRB- conceal -LRB- our -RRB- capabilities and avoid the limelight -RRB- , and shanyu shouzhuo -LRB- be good at keeping a low profile -RRB- .
Since the attacks of September 2001 , the United States has managed to avoid further attacks on its land .
Even if Egypt avoids control by religious extremists , democracy 's two-part anatomy makes swift and smooth progress to a democratic system problematic .
Unavoidably , old-new clichés emerged .
But her example was also an unavoidable reminder of the great dangers of our time .
But , just as understandably , senior political and military officials - particularly in democracies - prefer to avoid any association with torture .
But those responsible for a global product on the scale of football surely must act boldly to minimize the most egregious and avoidable errors , and thereby preserve the game 's integrity .
Deposit insurance creates what economists call `` moral hazard , '' people who are insured against an unpleasant event are not as careful as they would otherwise be in trying to avoid that event .
The main conclusion of my work is that policies aimed at ensuring liquidity can not only prevent bank panics , but also avoid the excess risk-taking that deposit insurance encourages .
In this way , the bank temporarily exchanges its illiquid assets for cash , pays off its depositors , and avoids doing so at a loss .
In contrast to deposit insurance , however , liquidity provision can avoid moral hazard by helping only those banks that are solvent . Depositors still have a strong incentive to monitor their banks .
BRUSSELS -- The G-20 governments have declared that competitive devaluations -LRB- or currency wars -RRB- must be avoided .
The base agreement -- reached after ten years of bilateral negotiations -- is the most practical option for avoiding potentially disastrous aerial accidents in a heavily populated area , and for reducing crimes committed by US soldiers against local Japanese , including , most notoriously , several rapes .
Japan 's Leadership Muddle OSAKA -- Having seen a new prime minister every year for five consecutive years , Japan has just narrowly avoided having its third in 2010 .
In these posts , Kan avoided involvement with the two issues that wrecked Hatoyama 's premiership : the controversial base relocation issue , and debates over budget cuts .
How can we avoid the Americanization of Pax Africana ?
But copying the EU blueprint means that nothing has been learned from the past and that nothing is being done to avoid the pitfalls Europe has endured .
The EU may well have avoided significant constitutional tensions had its member states ' governments initiated such programs much sooner ;
He also tried to avoid confrontation with France , awarding the management of the port of Abidjan , the capital , to a French company . But French President Nicolas Sarkozy maintained his visceral opposition to Gbagbo .
Unfortunately , because the companies and African politicians have every reason to avoid transparency , the EITI plans were rendered meaningless when they were not made compulsory .
This is a prerequisite to defending against market fundamentalism and avoiding the iniquitous conditions of the international marketplace .
In the current climate of anxiety and uncertainty , policymakers must ensure strong communication and coordination , avoid beggar-thy-neighbor policies , and guard against protectionism .
I prefer to avoid infringement cases , which are costly and time consuming .
If China is to avoid falling into a Japanese-style liquidity trap , the best solution is to fix its exchange rate in a completely credible way so that there is no fear of currency appreciation .
Human trafficking rings tend to avoid Sweden , because business has gone sour .
He demonstrated pragmatism by not vetoing ongoing EU accession negotiations with Turkey , thus avoiding unnecessary confrontation with Great Britain and Spain , despite maintaining his long-term opposition to full membership for Turkey .
These issues require attention now , and an integral part of the EU 's search for new global strategies should be to invite , rather than avoid , criticism of its activities .
For his part , Barroso is widely seen as having avoided controversy throughout 2008 in order not to risk offending any governments that might have been inclined to block his reappointment .
But it is well advised to avoid being suspected of hegemonic goals .
The German way of diplomacy consisted of avoiding hard choices between Paris and Washington , Moscow and Warsaw , the EU and NATO , big neighbors and small ones .
Both sides accept that working with local partners for peaceful democratic change today is the best way to avoid violent revolution or military action tomorrow .
As well as working to further peace between Israel and Palestine , we must help Turkey succeed in turning itself into a full-fledged democracy that qualifies for EU membership , renew pressure on the Iranian regime for democracy and arms control , and avoid premature disengagement from Iraq .
First , when reforming their own domestic regulatory frameworks , they should avoid dramatic swings away from allegedly rational markets to allegedly rational governments .
But even where the European Commission had the legislative tools and political mandate to impose sanctions -- for example , to punish non-compliance with the Stability and Growth Pact -- member states managed to avoid punishment by `` reforming '' the requirements .
If they are not , assistance could be scaled back to avoid having international funds continue to support corrupt practices .
Though discovery of these efforts has come too late for many tobacco smokers , documents unearthed in lawsuits have revealed concerted efforts to avoid the imposition of government regulation by attacking public health science and scientists .
These industries have learned that by focusing the debate on uncertainties in the science -LRB- and the need for more research -RRB- , it is possible to avoid a debate on public policy .
By using the best evidence available at the time , hundreds of additional deaths were avoided .
There was , however , another , category of people : the `` careful and untainted , '' who absented themselves from the world of politics . They hated communism , but , convinced that the system could not be reformed , they avoided the democratic opposition .
The only way to avoid this undesirable result is credibly to exclude all support for shareholders and creditors of a financial institution heading toward bankruptcy .
The implications of this may at first glance seem inhumane , but they are straightforward and unavoidable .
Hiding behind the originality -LRB- in French presidential politics -RRB- of her gender , Royal has avoided specifying a detailed program .
But the superb sunshine in Davos these days can not avoid the shadows of the financial crisis that have enveloped the world , casting an atmosphere of gloom and doom on this year 's meeting .
As the world slowly moves from elation to sober realism , it is important to maintain a balanced view of what 's happening and avoid the dual risks of underestimating the truly revolutionary nature of what took place and overestimating the ability of Obama 's team to find miracle solutions .
Europe is being cautious in the name of avoiding debt and defending the euro , whereas the US has moved on many fronts in order not to waste an ideal opportunity to implement badly needed structural reforms .
But Raúl Castro wants to avoid dependence on one or two countries alone .
Indeed , as these initiatives suggest , rapprochement with Brazil and Mercosur appears to be Cuba 's best international alternative as Raúl Castro seeks to avoid falling into America 's economic orbit .
Indeed , working daily with Chinese TV creators , I noticed a subtle , almost instinctive tendency to avoid any content or format that is unusual , novel , or unorthodox , never mind subversive .
Thus , complete or near-complete avoidance of industrial trans fats -LRB- ? 0.5 % of energy -RRB- may be necessary to avoid adverse effects and minimize health risks .
Pragmatic , steady progress at the national and international levels in improving the regulatory architecture and increasing our collective ability to avoid non-cooperative behavior and suboptimal equilibria , is the best course to follow .
Externally , major trading partners and holders of advanced-country assets can support rebalancing by agreeing to avoid sudden and potentially destabilizing shifts in the composition of their balance sheets .
Low debt and high liquidity should be valued for avoidance of cash-flow distress , ensuring greater flexibility in adjusting asset allocation , and creating opportunities in the aftermath of a crisis .
Governments do n't have the luxury of waiting forever , and they can no longer use the myth of popular quiescence to avoid initiating the necessary reforms that will address the public 's underlying grievances .
In 1983 , a protracted campaign by Western psychiatric professional bodies and international human rights organizations led the Soviet All Union Society of Psychiatrists and Neuropathologists to withdraw from the World Psychiatric Association so as to avoid expulsion .
A recent op-ed in the right-wing Kayhan newspaper , which is closely associated with Khamenei , had warned Khatami to avoid the same fate as the assassinated Benazir Bhutto in Pakistan .
A decentralized system will respond better to local needs and avoid an over-bureaucratic public sector .
But autonomous economic regions should be avoided as a threat to Afghan national unity because they would play into the hands of the warlords .
Despite the urging of staff members , leaders of these missions avoided launching criminal investigations into the missing .
They have good reason for avoiding such close scrutiny .
The overlap in membership between NATO and the EU makes such defense cooperation both possible and logical , if not unavoidable .
For the EU to do its part , larger budgets appear unavoidable .
Specialization of military capabilities and industrial efforts by certain member states shows some promise , but needs to be coordinated to avoid redundancy and ensure interoperability .
Though Bashir may be able to avoid arrest simply by limiting his international travel , the commotion provoked by the indictment is not irrational .
First , one should consider the severity of the crimes committed by those who would escape punishment . Second , we should consider how much death and suffering would be avoided by letting such a ruler and his henchmen go free .
To avoid the severe risks that would result from a rise in global average temperature of more than 2 ?C , we must get atmospheric concentrations below 450 ppm . This will require a cut in annual global emissions from about 50 gigatonnes of CO2-equivalent today to below 35 gigatonnes in 2030 , and less than 20 gigatonnes by 2050 .
Indeed , one lesson of the efforts since 2001 is that there is no way to avoid broad cooperation .
The only way to achieve the type of transformation in the Middle East that the Bush administration seeks is by working with others and avoiding the backlash that arises when America acts as a unilateral , imperial power .
Iran has threatened to leave the NPT if sanctions are imposed , and Russia and China worry that even modest targeted sanctions could escalate and ultimately legitimize an American use of force that they wish to avoid .
Meanwhile , such an approach might avoid the costly use of force and buy time for a more benign outcome than what lies at the end of the current path of events .
But the Americans used a modest amount of force to remove the Taliban government , avoided disproportionate civilian casualties , and were able to create an indigenous political framework .
The outcome of future rounds in the struggle against jihadi terrorism will depend on our ability to avoid the trap of `` jujitsu politics . ''
So the US should avoid the misleading metaphor of empire as a guide to its foreign policy .
Americans and Chinese must avoid such exaggerated fears .
Americans and Chinese must avoid letting exaggerated fears create a self-fulfilling prophecy .
And Machiavelli made it clear that hatred is something a prince should carefully avoid .
They must avoid the `` emperor 's trap '' of hearing only about the beauty of their new clothes .
And Machiavelli made it clear that hatred is something a prince should carefully avoid .
He will need to stimulate the economy and avoid protectionist pressures at home , while also taking the lead in restructuring the global financial system .
It makes little sense to declare war on a tactic , and experience has proven that the terminology merely reinforces the narrative that bin Laden seeks to promote , which is why Britain now avoids the phrase .
Fast and resolute mitigating action is needed to avoid national disaster . ''
Preventing new terrorist attacks while understanding and avoiding the mistakes of the past will be essential if we are to preserve and support liberal democracy both at home and abroad .
A passive follower keeps his head down , shuns risk , and avoids criticism .
Japan officially endorses the objective of a non-nuclear world , but it relies on America 's extended nuclear deterrent , and wants to avoid being subject to nuclear blackmail from North Korea -LRB- or China -RRB- .
By limiting the convertibility of its currency , China is avoiding currency markets ' ability to discipline domestic economic decisions .
With its current levels of immigration , America is one of the few developed countries that may avoid demographic decline and keep its share of world population , but this might change if reactions to terrorist events or public xenophobia closed the borders .
In the immediate aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis , the G-20 seemed to help governments to coordinate their actions and avoid rampant protectionism .
But talk of India as a future great power is unavoidable , and some Indians predict a tri-polar world , anchored by the US , China , and India , by mid-century .
Most importantly , the US and China should avoid developing exaggerated fears of each other 's capacities and intentions .
Preventing new terrorist attacks while understanding and avoiding the mistakes of the past will be essential if we are to preserve and support liberal democracy both at home and abroad .
But an internationally agreed set of policies could help reduce the risk of weaker growth in the major economies , maintain confidence in the stability of international financial markets , and avoid a hard landing for the dollar .
Discussion must start by agreeing on regulatory principles . An obvious one is that regulations must be comprehensive , to avoid the massive loopholes that led to the current turmoil .
The Bank for International Settlements and the Basel Committee are better placed , but a fundamental reform is needed to broaden their membership and to avoid a major problem of the Basel Committee : its lack of representation of developing countries .
The reform should also allow for a mechanism for countries to exchange their current dollar -LRB- and euro , yen , and pound -RRB- assets for SDRs , thus avoiding the disruptions that could be generated by the transition to the new system .
Chinese authorities certainly seem to have that interpretation of the roots of Japan 's malaise in mind as they seek to avoid rapid revaluation .
Many countries continue to accumulate high levels of precautionary reserves , especially to avoid future crises stemming from reversals on their capital and trade accounts .
In a way , this is already happening through cottage industries in countries such as China , Ghana , India , and Nigeria , which employ ill-equipped artisans who are not sufficiently trained to avoid harmful procedures that contaminate the environment and sicken themselves and their neighbors .
Faced with meeting the constitutional requirement of getting votes from each state in the Federation , the candidates and their handlers have gone out of their way to avoid taking positions that ruffle feathers .
Medvedev 's proposed transatlantic security treaty would enshrine the principle of avoiding external force to resolve national disputes , which would rule out international intervention in the conflicts affecting the northern Caucasus , including Chechnya .
Research at McKinsey into the effectiveness and cost of more than 200 mechanisms for reducing carbon emissions -- from greater car efficiency to nuclear power , improved insulation in buildings , and better forest management -- suggests that only concerted global action can ensure levels that the scientific community says is necessary to avoid the disastrous consequences of climate change .
Yet a sober assessment of the difficulties ahead would have helped to avoid many of the mistakes that have proved to be so costly in terms of American lives and resources -- not to mention the suffering of Iraqis .
The third possibility -- military action endorsed by a small group of states -- should be avoided , for practical , legal , and moral reasons .
The rate of decline would then determine the extent to which the worst effects of climate change can be avoided .
That way , economically irrational lock-in effects , whereby workers simply can not afford to change jobs , are avoided .
In the US , this has complicated the Federal Reserve 's task . The Fed has been trying to slow demand growth and cool the housing price bubble to avoid inflation , but carry trade speculators have been easing credit .
The government urged the country to respect Muslims ' `` understandable sympathies for their fellow-religionists , '' and tensions were avoided .
But , according to the vote counts released by the government after a suspicious month-long delay , the MDC 's margin of victory -- 48 % to 43 % -- fell short of the 50 % required to avoid a run-off election .
He was an apologist for American power , even though during the Vietnam years he had wriggled and dodged to avoid being at the sharp , conscripted end of it .
Critics think that pegging the currency below its real value is part of a deliberate strategy to keep growth rolling , thereby avoiding the tricky politics of growing unemployment in a system that has no institutionalized channels for expressing popular grievances .
Each leader has been carefully groomed to avoid the sort of gaffes that could cost his party the election , and thus far , not one has shot himself in the foot .
LONDON -- American exceptionalism , when it runs rampant , is a tsunami to be avoided .
This stance conveniently avoided rows with oil dictators .
More immediately , we in the West should avoid the conceit that we were somehow the heroic behind-the-scenes progenitors of fundamental change in Tunisia and Egypt .
We should also avoid the cheap political trick of holding down what we pay to poor farmers in order to benefit poor city dwellers .
Most importantly , American and European leadership is required to avoid a lurch into protectionism and the consequent killing off of the Doha trade round .
Unlike the so-called `` chicken hawks '' who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , McCain 's life is not at odds with his politics .
A disorderly default , and the resulting downward pressure on the euro , would unavoidably cause Chinese investments to lose value .
The Road to Prosperity and Sound Markets BERLIN -- The near global financial meltdown and ensuing downturns left the Anglo-Saxon nations pondering what they should do both to set their economies on a path toward recovery and to avoid a similar crisis in the future .
A time-honored precept is to avoid shaking investor confidence unnecessarily .
Yet governments must also avoid pumping up businesses with over-confidence , which could tempt them to raise mark-ups and hurt sales .
But donors need to avoid some common mistakes .
To avoid such uncertainties , my colleagues and I introduced the extinction rate -- the number of extinctions per year per species or , to make the numbers more reasonable , extinctions per million species-years -- E\/MSY .
Are the risks so high that they justify the suffering that could have been avoided ?
It may also avoid transplanting solutions that simply wo n't work absent complementary domestic legal rules and institutions .
This rule normally ensures a modicum of coherence and avoids overreactions in exchange rates , but it is insufficient in deflationary times .
The problem is not that science and medicine wish to avoid finding cures ; it is that they are too strongly motivated by an irrational , unconscious need to cure death to be fully motivated by the lesser task of preventing and curing disease in order to delay their patients ' -- and their own -- inevitable ends .
Unlike former Chinese president Jiang Zemin , whose history lectures irritated Japan 's postwar generations , Hu focused on the future , avoiding the dreaded `` Y '' word in the meeting with Koizumi . The Japanese media took note .
Of those who die from avoidable , poverty-related causes , nearly ten million , according to UNICEF , are children under five .
The name comes from the number of parts per million of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere that , according to Jim Hansen , perhaps the world 's leading climate scientist , we should not exceed if we are to avoid potentially catastrophic climate change .
Encouraging people to exercise , to avoid smoking , to use alcohol only in moderation , and to eat less red meat would help to reduce health-care costs .
Few weapons in the terrorist 's arsenal are as devastating as suicide bombing -- or as poorly understood , for serious analysis has apparently given way to the desire to avoid conferring on the attackers any legitimacy whatsoever .
This is what makes today 's beggar-thy-neighbor policies so destructive : though some countries will eventually have to absorb the surpluses and capital , each country is trying to avoid them .
Politicians who seek scapegoats might argue that they mean no harm to their targets , and that they are helping their societies to avoid worse possibilities .
And this would give savers less of an incentive to search for yield , thus avoiding financial instability .
Paradoxically , once a country ensures its own security , it has weaker incentives to avoid the market breakdown that prompts the initial search for security .
Former US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger captured the allure in recent testimony : `` The subject of nuclear arms control grew out of the seemingly paradoxical effort of those who had created the largest and most destructive arsenals to avoid by negotiation the ultimate consequences of their own decisions . ''
Over the years `` avoiding ... the ultimate consequences '' through limitations butted against the bitter legacy of the surprise attacks suffered by both the US and Russia in World War II .
It scoffs at assertions that Russia would cheat by multiplying warheads on bombers or new rail-based missile carriers , arguing that the Kremlin would want to avoid America 's compensatory response .
The only worse stain on Israel would be if survivors of an Iranian nuclear strike were to lament that , had their country acted proactively , `` the third destruction of the Temple '' -- the end of the Jewish state -- could have been avoided .
In the middle of a religious healing rite , however , Hugo Chávez was more pacific -- and forgot about the PSUV altogether : `` Let us place ourselves in God 's hands in order to avoid violence in Venezuela . ''
In the tumult of the post-revolutionary period , she presided with surprising even-handedness over the unavoidable rivalries among different sides of the political spectrum . More importantly , Cory sparked the momentum for the Philippines to regain a position of respect , dignity and even admiration in the community of nations .
The region 's continued economic growth and progress require that we Asians contain our rivalries and avoid the arms buildups that , unfortunately , now seem to be underway .
At the same time we must avoid creating a presidential system that functions independently of the Council , the Commission , and the member states .
A better balance between production and consumption would avoid large swings in oil prices .
One priority is to ensure that large , new infusions of aid do not produce unintended economic outcomes , such as rapid currency appreciation or inflation , which would make recipient countries ' exports less competitive . Another priority is to ensure that low-income countries that are striving to meet the MDG 's , and which have large financing requirements , avoid a new spiral of indebtedness .
We must not forget that the multilateral trading system -- along with the Bretton Woods institutions -- was originally created to avoid a repeat of the protectionism and competitive devaluations of the 1930 's that plunged the world into depression .
Under the IMF Articles of Agreement , members are required to collaborate to promote a stable system of exchange rates and to avoid manipulation with a view to gaining an unfair trade advantage .
Past guidance in this area was limited , focusing entirely on manipulation and on avoidance of short-term volatility .
Being painfully shy has become `` avoidant personality disorder . ''
First , it is tempting to avoid facing the painful events in our lives that might be the cause of our difficulties .
To make us choose what is good for us , they avoid fines , compulsion , and prohibition in favor of `` nudges '' -- institutional arrangements that we could , in principle , easily override , but that , given our tendency to rely on System I , we end up going along with .
Asia can avoid this problem and get on with the heavy lifting of pro-consumption rebalancing only by nipping inflation in the bud .
If China is successful in implementing its pro-consumption agenda , the rest of Asia will be well positioned to avoid the fallout from America 's new generation of zombie consumers .
Such a commitment served China extremely well in avoiding collateral damage from the crisis of 2008-2009 .
She has yet to deal with the major problems of the day -- financial instability , Europe 's sluggish growth , the Middle East -- and she can not avoid them during her campaign .
One also must avoid the fragmentation that doomed the left in 2002 , when none of its six candidates qualified for the second round , leaving Jacques Chirac , who had received 19 % of the vote in the first round -- a record low for a final winner - -- to defeat Jean-Marie Le Pen in the runoff with 82 % of the vote .
In a system where courts can not be relied upon to protect property rights , letting the government hold residual rights in an enterprise may have been a second-best mechanism for avoiding expropriation .
By contrast , countries like China and India , which avoided a surge of capital inflows , managed to maintain highly competitive domestic currencies , and thereby kept profitability and investment high .
It is to Spence 's credit that the report manages to avoid both market fundamentalism and institutional fundamentalism .
Developing countries should say no to obvious trade protectionism , but they should be willing to negotiate to avoid regulatory races to the bottom in such areas as labor standards or corporate taxation .
Global macroeconomic stability requires that we avoid such large current-account imbalances in the future .
CAMBRIDGE -- In the early days of the global financial crisis , there was some optimism that developing countries would avoid the downturn that advanced industrial countries experienced .
Because Asian governments have tended to support their modern , tradable sectors to a greater extent , most Asian countries have managed to avoid this malady , and have done much better as a result .
One lesson is to avoid premature collapse of import-competing industries that employ substantial numbers of people before sufficient employment opportunities have emerged in more productive industries .
Considerable social conflict could become unavoidable , threatening political support for economic openness .
But we can avoid a crisis by embracing the following technical and managerial adaptations :
Although avoiding a global water crisis will not be easy , we have at hand policies and technologies that , if properly applied , could see us safely through the next several decades , even in the face of increasing -- and increasingly wealthy -- populations .
But the risks are two-sided , and sound economic policy is just as much about capitalizing on good times as avoiding bad ones .
Even if countries avoid the immediate blow of a dollar collapse , they still have to watch for a boomerang effect .
In today 's hyper-competitive global economy , there is no reliable `` third way '' for countries to avoid continued liberalization and market-oriented reforms .
As huge winners from globalization , they want to avoid criticism of their trade and financial policies , which arguably remain considerably more protectionist than those of their rich-country counterparts .
Never mind that most of the crises could have been avoided , or late least substantially mitigated , if governments had let their currencies float against the dollar , rather than adopting rigid exchange-rate pegs .
Stable macroeconomic policies also need to be in place , while fixed exchange rates are to be avoided .
If this inflation is allowed to continue and deepen , it is likely to have effects easily as pernicious as the exchange-rate appreciation the region 's leaders are striving so hard to avoid .
As governments try to avoid outright nationalization of banks , they will find themselves being forced to carry out second and third recapitalizations .
Indeed , it seems like avoiding sustained deflation , or falling prices , is all they can manage .
Massive stimulus and intervention -- the US Federal Reserve 's current stance -- is unavoidable .
I have trouble seeing how the US and China , the main engines of global growth for two decades , can avoid settling on a notably lower average growth rate than they enjoyed before the crisis .
The recent recession has presented challenges , but European leaders were right to avoid becoming intoxicated with short-term Keynesian policies , especially where these are inimical to addressing Europe 's long-term challenges .
Having reached the epiphany that financial restructuring must be avoided at all costs , the governments of the world have in turn cast a huge safety net over banks -LRB- and whole countries in Eastern Europe -RRB- , woven from taxpayer dollars .
ATHENS - -- Even as the European Union and the International Monetary Fund lay the groundwork for a giant first-round bailout , debate is swirling about whether Greece can avoid sovereign default .
The government must avoid relying too much on proposals for tax increases , which ultimately feed back on growth and sustainability .
Most Greeks are taking whatever action they can to avoid the government 's likely insatiable thirst for higher tax revenues , with wealthy individuals shifting money abroad and ordinary people migrating to the underground economy .
Nevertheless , Greece can avoid an Argentine-style meltdown , but it needs to engage in far more determined adjustment .
In principle , one can create a `` cap-and-trade '' system of quantitative restrictions that accomplishes much the same thing -- and this seems to be more palatable to politicians , who will jump through hoops to avoid using the word `` tax . ''
In the end , policymakers must remember that whether or not the US and Europe avoid a lost decade depends on their ability to retain productive vitality in their economies , not simply on short-term demand-stimulation measures .
In unwinding QE , Bernanke must avoid another landmine , namely an unwelcome collapse in asset prices .
But analysts accustomed to working on emerging markets understand that such paralysis is very difficult to avoid after a financial crisis .
In fact , European assurances that arms sales to China could be controlled and threats to an ally avoided do appear unconvincing .
Most of these economies can avoid the worst if they implement the appropriate policy adjustments and if the international financial institutions -LRB- including the IMF -RRB- provide enough lending to cover their external financing needs .
Eighth , some emerging-market economies with weaker economic fundamentals may not be able to avoid a severe financial crisis , despite massive IMF support .
As a result , one can not rule out that by late 2010 or 2011 , a perfect storm of oil above $ 100 a barrel , rising government-bond yields , and tax increases -LRB- as governments seek to avoid debt-refinancing risks -RRB- may lead to a renewed growth slowdown , if not an outright double-dip recession .
And , while higher-income and wealthier households have a buffer of savings to smooth consumption and avoid having to increase savings , most lower-income households must save more , as banks and other lenders cut back on home-equity loans and lower limits on credit cards .
At the same time , if Greece does not fully adjust its policies to restore fiscal sustainability and competitiveness , a partial bailout by the EU and the ECB will still be likely in order to avoid the risk of contagion to the rest of the euro zone and the consequent threat to the monetary union 's survival .
All successful rescues of countries in financial distress -- Mexico , Korea , Thailand , Brazil , Turkey -- require two conditions : the country 's credible willingness to impose the fiscal austerity and structural reforms needed to restore sustainability and growth ; and massive amounts of front-loaded official support to avoid a self-fulfilling rollover crisis of maturing public and\/or private short-term debts .
Eventually those large deficits and debts need to be reduced through higher taxes and lower spending , and such austerity -- necessary to avoid a fiscal crisis -- tends to slow economic recovery in the short run .
Indeed , a practical definition of a financial crisis is an event that forces policy officials to spend a long weekend trying desperately to announce a new bailout package in order to avoid national and global panic before the markets open on Monday .
While the right medicine needed to avoid fiscal train wrecks is well known , the main constraint to fiscal consolidation and discipline is that weak governments around the world lack the political power and willingness to implement austerity .
In general , deleveraging by households , governments , and financial institutions should be gradual -- and supported by currency weakening -- if we are to avoid a double-dip recession and a worsening of deflation .
The likely scenario for advanced economies is a mediocre U-shaped recovery , even if we avoid a W-shaped double dip .
To avoid such excesses , it is not enough to rely on better regulation and supervision , for three reasons :
The old model of private partnerships -- in which partners had an incentive to monitor each other to avoid reckless investments -- gave way to one of public companies aggressively competing with each other and with commercial banks to achieve ever-rising profitability , which was achievable only with reckless levels of leverage .
The systematic bailouts of the latest crisis -- however necessary to avoid a global meltdown -- worsened this moral-hazard problem .
The build-up of real and financial problems -- the worst US housing recession ever , oil at $ 90 a barrel or above , a severe credit crunch , falling investment by the corporate sector , and savings-less and debt-burdened consumers buffeted by multiple negative shocks -- make a recession unavoidable .
Central banks should have announced a coordinated 50 basis-point reduction to signal their seriousness about avoiding a global hard landing .
So a US hard landing and global slowdown is unavoidable .
To avoid a persistent and destructive recession , the fiscal and structural reforms imposed by the bond vigilantes should be accompanied by other euro-zone policies that restore growth and prevent vicious debt dynamics .
In short , an optimal path of fiscal austerity would , in most countries , imply a back-loaded but credible commitment to medium-term consolidation , together with short-term additional stimulus when necessary and allowed by market conditions , thereby avoiding the prospect of a deflationary and recessionary spiral .
That way , formal haircuts on the face value of debt can be avoided via new bonds that include only a maturity extension and an interest-rate cap that is set below today 's unsustainable market rates .
To avoid this fate , China needs to save less , reduce fixed investment , cut net exports as a share of GDP , and boost the share of consumption .
This lack of policy bullets is reflected in most advanced economies ' embrace of some form of austerity , in order to avoid a fiscal train wreck down the line .
The advantage of a par bond is that Greece 's creditors -- banks , insurance companies , and pension funds -- would be able and allowed to continue valuing their Greek bonds at 100 cents on the euro , thereby avoiding massive losses on their balance sheets .
First , we must accept that austerity measures , necessary to avoid a fiscal train wreck , have recessionary effects on output .
To avoid an additional credit crunch as banks deleverage , banks should be given some short-term forbearance on capital and liquidity requirements .
Fourth , large-scale liquidity provision for solvent governments is necessary to avoid a spike in spreads and loss of market access that would turn illiquidity into insolvency .
Official resources need to be tripled -- through a larger European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- , Eurobonds , or massive ECB action -- to avoid a disastrous run on these sovereigns .
And , without a rapid return to growth , more defaults -- and social turmoil -- can not be avoided .
The best way to avoid the risk of repeating such a sequence is bold and aggressive global policy action now .
Even before the Great Depression , Europe 's enlightened `` bourgeois '' classes recognized that , to avoid revolution , workers ' rights needed to be protected , wage and labor conditions improved , and a welfare state created to redistribute wealth and finance public goods -- education , health care , and a social safety net .
As we have seen in recent days , it will take a big change in economic policy and very radical , coordinated action among all advanced and emerging-market economies to avoid disaster .
? public provision of credit to the solvent parts of the corporate sector in order to avoid a short-term debt refinancing crisis for solvent but illiquid corporations and small businesses ;
? an agreement between creditor countries running current-account surpluses and debtor countries running current-account deficits to maintain an orderly financing of deficits and a recycling of creditors ' surpluses to avoid disorderly adjustment of such imbalances .
Although physical confrontation has largely been avoided , there is no assurance that his supporters will not take to the streets in the event of a defeat .
As questions continue to mount concerning the true rationale behind the Iraq war , we should avoid only looking backwards .
Unlike the UN tribunal for former Yugoslavia , which was established during the Balkan wars , a tribunal for Iraq would be more constrained by the need to avoid applying justice retroactively .
Often , political leaders and military and security elites have proven as shrewd and tenacious in avoiding justice as they showed themselves cunning and brutal in doing injustice .
Civilians may not be targeted ; the principle of proportionality requires the avoidance of excessive force in pursuing a legitimate military objective ; and prisoners must be treated humanely .
The rules of the game are supposed to be like this : the side that loses recognizes that it is weaker and makes a deal involving concessions to avoid another costly conflict .
Wanting to avoid war , all sides solve disputes by compromise , end the conflict forever , and move onto other things .
As wildly different as the two cases are , Fatah resembles the French monarchy before the revolution , incapable of learning from experience or taking the steps needed to avoid its own downfall .
Such a deal can be struck now , but only by avoiding the useless debate over who blocked peace in the past .
When Israel attempts vainly to defeat Hezbollah , it tries to avoid painful but necessary political compromises over disputed territory .
Israel will not be able to avoid territorial withdrawals to the 1967 borders by exercising its military might ; the US will not be able to ensure oil security through continued military occupation in the Middle East ; and terrorists will not be able to destroy Israel or foist their fundamentalist ideas by force on moderate societies .
Aside from banning bottom trawling and establishing a global fund for avoided deforestation , we should designate a global network of protected marine areas , in which fishing , boating , polluting , dredging , drilling , and other damaging activities would be prohibited .
An astounding half-million young woman have recently been hired as health workers to link impoverished households and public clinics and hospitals , which are being improved , and to increase women 's access to emergency obstetrical care in order to avoid tragic and unnecessary deaths in childbirth .
First , we must stabilize greenhouse gases in order to avoid dangerous human interference in the climate system -- the key goal of the 1992 United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change , the global treaty under which the Bali negotiations took place .
According to the best economic and engineering estimates , if each key economic sector develops and adopts environmentally sound technologies in the coming decades , the world will be able to reduce carbon emissions dramatically for less than 1 % of annual global income , thereby avoiding long-term damage that would cost far more .
First , until just a few months ago , the conventional wisdom was that the US would avoid recession .
Yet the Fed , in its desperation to avoid a US recession , keeps pouring more money into the system , intensifying the inflationary pressures .
The Fed should take care to prevent any breakdown of liquidity while keeping inflation under control and avoiding an unjustified taxpayer-financed bailout of risky bank loans .
For developing countries to continue to enjoy rapid economic growth , and for rich countries to avoid a slump caused , it will be necessary to develop new energy technologies .
They have enough foreign-exchange reserves to avoid the risk of financial instability from increasing their domestic spending , as long as they do it prudently .
Cleverly , Norway pays out the funds to Brazil only upon proven success in avoiding deforestation -LRB- compared with an agreed baseline -RRB- .
As a result , the major economies avoided a collapse of credit and production .
Although the worst was avoided , much pain remains .
King Coal 's Climate Policy COPENHAGEN -- The United Nations Climate Change Treaty , signed in 1992 , committed the world to `` avoiding dangerous anthropogenic interference in the climate system . '' Yet , since that time , greenhouse-gas emissions have continued to soar .
The idea this time around is to avoid the need for 67 votes , at least at the start , by focusing on domestic legislation rather than a treaty .
To avoid further polarization and paralysis of American politics , Obama must do more to ensure that Americans understand better the urgency of the changes that he promised .
Haiti must avoid a prolonged period of tent cities in which people are mere refugees .
Emerging economies , for the most part , avoided this disastrous over-borrowing . One reason , certainly , was the vivid memory in Asia of the 1997 financial crisis , which underscored the need for limits on bank borrowing and capital inflows .
The countries of North Africa and the Middle East should learn from East Asia and Northern Europe , and take pains to avoid the failures of the US .
But too much of it is confronting us with dangers that we need to avoid .
? The financial industry should adopt tougher codes of conduct to avoid conflicts of interest in financial advising ;
The most important step is to avoid war .
The US and Europe should insist OPEC avoid any disruptions in oil supplies or pricing .
Every excuse is made to avoid giving what is needed .
Europe and Japan have also avoided the financial contributions to AIDS control that could keep millions of HIV-infected Africans alive .
My moderate optimism comes from my belief that the US will avoid both a banking crisis and a balance of payments crisis .
Yet pursuing war where diplomatic means - weapons inspections , threats of retaliation in the face of Iraqi aggression , readiness of the UN to act if dangers from Iraq become imminent - might suffice could result in huge and avoidable economic -LRB- as well as other -RRB- costs .
World leaders should still gather to commemorate WWI , in the hope that they might learn enough to avoid repeating its disaster in our time .
We still have time to avoid further devastating mistakes , but only if we are honest about motives , means , and ends - and only if we are honest in the pursuit of peace .
Africa 's silent tsunami of malaria , however , is actually largely avoidable and controllable .
American companies operating in Europe are part of that system for their European-based emissions , so that US companies are being pulled into climate control even if their own government avoids the issue .
As a result , many companies are taking steps now to limit their emissions to avoid future financial liabilities and a lack of investor confidence .
The Bush administration continues to delay and to avoid sound science .
The surest way to avoid these debilities is to remove the conditions in which they thrive .
In Lebanon , the danger of one community monopolizing power over others is avoided because the Lebanese constitution imposes permanent power-sharing arrangements on all major communities .
In the executive branch , the council of ministers is balanced among Christians and Muslims in order to encourage , indeed force , cooperation and to avoid the risk of domination the fear of oppression by one group .
Strong US leadership is required to push the WTO in this direction while avoiding an EU-style future -LRB- regulatory overload -RRB- or a UN-style future -LRB- an irrelevant talking shop -RRB- .
By doing so , he avoids the damage to his authority that would be caused by becoming a `` lame duck , '' particularly given Russia 's servile bureaucracy and its lack of reliable institutions and respected traditions to carry out a smooth transfer of power .
Well aware of the complexities and hazards -- and seeking to avoid alienating any of the parties -- China is willing to play the role of convener , but not adjudicator , of an American-North Korean dialogue .
This interference is also intended to help avoid the `` economization '' of all aspects of civic life .
Indeed , only an ongoing skepticism of fashionable political nostrums - both of the statist and market fundamentalist variety - can promote pluralism and tolerance , and avoid a ballooning of the bureaucracy that enfeebles our economy .
Managing this challenge is crucial if we are to realize the promise of individualized medicine , with intensified surveillance and therapy for high-risk patients and avoidance of unnecessary or even harmful interventions in those with a relatively low risk .
Regional governments may not have openly supported the insurgents , but they clearly avoided cracking down on the jihadist groups operating within their borders .
The feared implosion of Wall Street seems to have been avoided .
Such a tricameral legislature , its proponents believe , would better ensure that political decisions are made by more educated and enlightened representatives , thereby avoiding the rank populism of Western-style elected factions .
Similarly , humans tend to accept large downside risks in order to avoid small certain losses , such as insurance premiums .
Their policies would piggyback on US state unemployment insurance programs , allowing Assura to avoid getting into the monitoring business .
They theorize that `` bull markets are characterized by ambiguity-seeking behavior and bear markets by ambiguity-avoiding behavior . ''
If this is part of the reason that higher debt-to-GDP ratios correspond to lower economic growth , there is less reason to think that countries should avoid a higher ratio , as Keynesian theory implies that fiscal austerity would undermine , rather than boost , economic performance .
Because both countries want to avoid being blamed for scuttling a global agreement , they will work together to make their modest plans look as substantial as possible and promise to do more after Copenhagen .
The return to Chechnya of an amnestied Zakaev would greatly increase Kadyrov 's prestige . But the Kremlin wants to avoid this , owing to Kadyrov 's growing power and its general unease with a Russian Muslim elite that , while formally acknowledging Russian suzerainty , increasingly demands a redistribution of power within the Russian Federation .
The World Bank is keen to work with partners to experiment with such a facility for avoided deforestation .
Today 's Arab reformers thus can draw on our successes -- and avoid our mistakes .
Premiums will have to increase to cover the losses , and those with a good genetic prognosis may opt out of life insurance to avoid subsidizing the cheats , driving premiums higher still .
Now couples are using this technique to avoid passing on genes that imply a significantly elevated risk of developing certain forms of cancer .
But avoiding this outcome will not be easy , for it will require that selection for genetic enhancement is either available to no one or accessible to everyone .
That document states that to refuse a burdensome medical treatment `` is not the equivalent of suicide . '' On the contrary , such a refusal `` should be considered an acceptance of the human condition , or a wish to avoid the application of a medical procedure disproportionate to the results that can be expected , or a desire not to impose excessive expense on the family or the community . ''
Defenders of Catholic teaching would answer that in the latter case , the patient intends to end his life , and that is wrong , whereas in the former case , the patient merely intends to avoid the additional burden that treatment brings .
If the patient could avoid the burden and yet continue to live , that would be his choice .
Welby should not have been helped to die , they might argue , because he expressly said that he wanted to die , not that he wanted to avoid a burdensome treatment .
By focusing on the narrower intention to refuse burdensome treatment , rather than the broader implications of the choice , the Roman Catholic Church is able to avoid the inhumane implication that patients must always accept life-prolonging treatment , no matter how painful or costly such treatment may be .
Ah yes , in a world in which ten million children die every year from avoidable , poverty-related causes , and greenhouse-gas emissions threaten to create hundreds of millions of climate refugees , we should be visiting Paris boutiques and feeling the clothes .
Terrible as that is , it is fewer than the number of children who , according to the United Nations Children 's Fund , UNICEF , die every 10 days from avoidable , poverty-related causes .
Until our governments take action , we should avoid supporting places where captive wild animals perform for our amusement .
-LRB- It is a myth that fish have short memories . -RRB- Fish learn to avoid unpleasant experiences , like electric shocks .
Just as we can grasp the truth that 1 + 1 = 2 , so we can see that I have a reason to avoid suffering agony at some future time , regardless of whether I now care about , or have desires about , whether I will suffer agony at that time .
This requires the US to be seen as siding with the public 's demand for change , yet to avoid being identified with political immobility .
They will therefore speed up rather than reduce production , in order to avoid selling their oil when anxiety about CO2 peaks and the artificial measures of the signing countries to reduce their consumption have dampened the oil price most .
In the end , she will probably give in to Sarkozy 's wishes in order to avoid endangering her chances of re-election in September because of a conflict with the French .
It can only be hoped that the political leaders who shape the course of the twenty-first century will be wise enough to avoid such an outcome .
So what Greece got exactly is what it sought to avoid with its dodgy data : the rise in interest-rate spreads for Greek state bonds .
The tragedy could have been avoided if Greece had shown unyielding , timely debt discipline .
Opposition leaders do not like the subject , but they avoid challenging it .
Should a country with weaknesses in its financial system simply avoid letting capital in ?
With little incentive to manufacture `` structured investment vehicles , '' few Spanish banks created them , thereby avoiding excessive leverage .
For politicians , the important thing is not to avoid taking hard decisions , but to do so of their own volition and at their own pace .
The oldest rule in personal finance is to avoid debt -- that is , never spend more than you earn .
The danger is that we become so infected with the apocalyptic virus that we end up creating a real catastrophe -- the meltdown of our economies and lifestyles -- in order to avoid an imaginary one .
If such a contingent-capital structure had been in place before the crisis , troubled banks would have been recapitalized by the contingent debt holders while avoiding the complications and legal posturing inevitable in formal bankruptcy .
Credit for the absence of a truly serious Islamic challenge , however , should perhaps be given to Indonesia 's moderate and mainstream Muslim leaders and groups , such as Nahdatul Ulama and Muhammadyah , who avoided incendiary words and deeds .
The Bali conference last year agreed to include avoided deforestation in tropical countries into a new climate regime , which could generate new employment opportunities in sustainable management , conservation , and tourism .
Only a strong leader , de Gaulle thought , could have avoided defeat .
Indeed , through much of the Cold War , de Gaulle appeared to want to avoid having to choose sides between the United States and the Soviet Union .
That equilibrium works so long as each institution is submitted to close scrutiny -- which judges and magistrates have simply avoided .
They must turn to the IMF , and the IMF is more concerned with international financial stability than with enabling developing countries to pursue the countercyclical policies needed to avoid recession .
That is how insinuations of cowardice and foul play helped defeat two highly decorated Vietnam War veterans , Senator Max Cleland in 2002 , and John Kerry in 2004 , while Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney -- both of whom avoided military service - -- were portrayed as true patriots .
Until recently , investors hoped that the US Federal Reserve would do whatever it takes to avoid a recession , because that is what it did on previous occasions .
The only plausible explanation is that tailor-made derivatives can facilitate tax avoidance and manipulation of earnings .
This was unavoidable , because the Maastricht Treaty was meant to bring about a monetary union without a political union .
The global fund would introduce two prices : one for carbon saving by restoring forests and one for avoiding carbon emissions by preserving them .
The global imbalances could be cured , and conflicts avoided , only by greater international cooperation .
And , while some contagion will be unavoidable -- whatever happens to Greece is likely to spread to Portugal , and Ireland 's financial position , too , could become unsustainable -- the rest of the eurozone needs to be ring-fenced .
That is a role that Germany has been eager to avoid and remains unwilling to accept . But Germany has no real choice .
During the emergency period , fiscal retrenchment and austerity are unavoidable ; but , in the longer term , the debt burden will become unsustainable without growth -- and so will the European Union itself .
First , if we are to avoid a race to the bottom , the order of precedence between WTO and national laws should be reversed .
One , widely adopted in developing countries , is simply to impose restrictions on products -LRB- for example , derivatives and hedge funds -RRB- on the grounds that the upside in terms of risk avoidance far outweigh the costs -- less access to capital and reduced risk spreading .
But continued high growth in emerging markets depends on avoiding a second major downturn in the advanced economies , which continue to absorb a large -LRB- though declining -RRB- share of their exports .
In avoiding second - or third-best outcomes and policy accidents , international economic policy coordination , though difficult , has a vital role to play .
Thus , the Five-Year Plan 's goal is to recompose -LRB- not expand -RRB- aggregate demand in order to sustain growth and avoid the diminishing-returns trap that is the principal risk of China 's current investment pattern .
Much of the rest of the world would prefer a stronger dollar , fewer capital inflows with a carry-trade flavor , and less need to manage their own currencies ' appreciation to avoid adverse consequences for their economies ' competitiveness .
The disasters of two world wars , and the half-century of Cold War , pushed Europe to embrace cooperation and integration in order to avoid another suicidal battle .
My impression from the discussions was that both Ukrainians and Russians in Ukraine were acutely aware of the need to avoid ethnic conflict .
It avoids the hopeless task of trying to value millions of complex mortgages and the even more complex financial products in which they are embedded , and it deals with the `` lemons '' problem -- the government gets stuck with the worst or most overpriced assets .
US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke has tried hard to avoid having the blame fall on the Fed for deepening this downturn in the way that it is blamed for the Great Depression , famously associated with a contraction of the money supply and the collapse of banks .
As if all this were not enough , as the Davos meeting opened , America 's House of Representatives passed a bill requiring American steel to be used in stimulus spending , despite the G-20 's call to avoid protectionism in response to the crisis .
It used its money to buy influence and power , shape U.S. energy policy , and avoid regulations .
But if we are to avoid winding up in another debt crisis , some , perhaps much , of the money will have to be given in grants .
It avoided the massive waste of human resources associated with high unemployment in America , where almost one out of five people who would like a full-time job can not find one .
Fixing the exchange rate and delegating monetary policy to the European Central Bank eliminated two primary means by which national governments stimulate their economies to avoid recession .
Aid to old economy firms that spent more on avoiding taxes than in restructuring took the form of a repeal of the alternative minimum tax , a tax provision designed to limit the extent to which firms could make use of loopholes in the tax code .
But the price paid in getting to this point , in the US and elsewhere , has been enormous -- and mostly avoidable .
And , to avoid interrupting the `` dialogue '' by clapping , they used forceful hand signals to express their agreement .
Technocrats can sometimes help avoid Pareto inferior policies , that is , policies that make everyone worse off .
Accordingly , risk is unavoidable : monetary policy that is too loose risks inflation ; if it is too tight , it can cause unnecessary unemployment , with all the suffering that follows .
A calculated risk is always unavoidable .
It would be a move somewhat similar to that contemplated in the US by the Clinton administration , which proposed a tax on billionaires who surrendered their citizenship in order to avoid taxation .
Instead of moving towards peace and democracy , the situation in Iraq remains so dangerous that Paul Bremer , the American occupation leader , is using instability as his rationale for avoiding democratic elections this year .
In principle , it is easy to avoid currency appreciation : keep the foreign exchange earned from , say , oil exports out of the country . Invest the money in the US or Europe .
While countries can be compensated for planting forests , they can not be compensated for avoiding deforestation .
For the first time , developing countries seem willing to undertake the kinds of commitments that Europe , Japan , and the other advanced industrial countries -LRB- except the US -RRB- have made to avoid what could be a global disaster .
As a result , much of the developing world is relieved that at least this risk has been avoided .
But success in fighting corruption entails more than just good procurement procedures -LRB- avoiding , for instance , single-source non-competitive bidding -RRB- .
Faced with the WTO order , the US will try to comply with the letter of the law and avoid its spirit , making changes in the subsidy program to ensure `` technical '' compliance .
Whether US investors had greater expertise in banking in emerging markets may be debatable ; that they had greater expertise in tax avoidance is not .
If we are to avoid an even stronger backlash against globalization , the West must respond quickly and strongly .
In the current climate , many businesses will find it difficult to avoid becoming stuck between a rock and a hard place .
Lending by the IMF and global development banks , and the maintenance of donor aid at current levels , will be essential if we are to avoid new human tragedies .
It may be too late to avoid a recession in the advanced countries and a slowdown in emerging and low-income countries .
But it is not too late to avoid a global depression .
We must also ensure that solutions for strengthening financial stability and avoiding future turmoil -- the focus of April 's G-20 summit -- are discussed with all countries concerned .
Ma 's strategy suits China , whose leaders welcome being able to avoid confrontation with Taiwan , given their current focus on engineering their country 's `` peaceful rise . ''
In today 's interdependent world , a coordinated strategy is needed to avoid recession and to return lasting stability to financial markets .
To avoid catastrophe , the world community must also meet the urgent emergency food and planting requirements mentioned above , including more generous budget and balance-of-payments support for low-income food-importing countries .
But if poverty is defined principally in terms of the money income needed to avoid hunger , how can announcements such as these be reconciled ?
The main actors providing international assistance - including the World Bank , International Monetary Fund , EBRD , the EU itself and the United Nations Development Programme - should ensure a minimum level of co-ordination to avoid duplication and waste .
But , in addition to avoiding destructive changes , the proposal suggests a way forward for the Convention .
In some cases , this will harm free trade , and governments should be careful to avoid measures that distort resource allocation .
Indeed , since the end of WWII , Japan has avoided a full-fledged debate on the country 's national security framework , in which Japan would have the courage to disagree with the US .
The best way to avoid this risk is for Iraq to raise its level of cooperation towards the inspections unconditionally and show all the proof needed to dispel the allegations leveled against it .
While unequivocally commending America 's tough stance in pressuring Iraq , Japan should not hesitate to deliver a clear message to the US : exercise patience to avoid war .
Japan must avoid repeating the unseemly scenario following Saddam Hussein 's defeat in the Gulf War of 1991 , when it wrote large checks to cover the war 's costs , yet had no say in the war 's conduct or war aims .
That means , above all , avoiding trade that makes it more difficult to pursue those aims .
Many Italians remember that Ben Ali -- whose rise to the presidency was directly supported by Italy -- provided refuge to Bettino Craxi , the former Italian prime minister -LRB- and Berlusconi 's political mentor -RRB- , who fled the country in 1994 to avoid conviction on corruption charges .
Together , they should press for assurances of a free and fair process , with the aim of avoiding the kind of mess that followed the Iranian elections .
In many matters pertaining to the Lisbon Strategy , the EU can not avoid member states ' concerns .
The war that erupted in 1991 in no small measure pitted those parts that had been ruled by the German-speaking empires against those that avoided such colonization .
When the two sides are anxious to avoid provoking each other , such activities are kept to a minimum , but it would seem that China has taken a conscious decision in recent months to keep the Indians on their toes .
These could include higher capital or provisioning requirements as buffers for more difficult times , or the stipulation of liquidity standards and special requirements for systemically important banks in order to avoid a recurrence of the `` too big to fail '' dilemma that many countries -- not only in the EBRD region -- have been facing .
The epidemic happens silently over years or decades ; the danger is either not recognized or not considered avoidable ; and action is often seen as the responsibility of the individual -LRB- lifestyle modification -RRB- or health-care system -LRB- pharmaceutical prescription -RRB- , rather than the state .
For historical reasons , Europe benefits from a political maturity that has allowed it to avoid Bush 's Manichean worldview , which has merely reinforced , rather than undermined , the enemy 's fanaticism .
But the `` war on terrorism '' in Latin America has also fallen to the Colombians , with a US rear guard backing up the Colombian state in order to avoid American casualties on a new front , and an overextension of US military commitments .
Moreover , neighboring countries such as Argentina and Brazil have shown a remarkable degree of understanding for Bolivia 's domestic predicament . They have sought to avoid , wherever possible , economic or political disputes with Morales 's government , and have become more diligent about exerting a positive influence on Bolivian affairs .
In addition , the US appears to be seeking to avoid open antagonism with Morales .
Bolivians must recognize that there is a real chance to avoid this risky course .
Indeed , it is now clear that one of the main regional challenges is to preserve civilian control of the military , which will require that Latin American elites avoid the temptation to strengthen disproportionately the armed forces ' place in their countries ' domestic and international politics .
Three issues will hold his attention initially : the potent mafia subculture that has arisen over the last decade , the need to redirect a development model marked by extensive inequality , and avoidance of isolation and overreaction in the country 's foreign relations .
Of course , confrontation with America must be avoided .
According to the Moscow Bureau for Human Rights , the current rate for bribes to avoid conscription is as high as $ 5,000 -LRB- for comparison , a typical lieutenant 's monthly salary is about $ 500 -RRB- .
It has taken a tragedy of great proportions to prompt some leaders to act to avoid similar calamities at nuclear reactors elsewhere in the world .
It is so much easier -- and often less costly -- to avoid individuals ' tragic circumstances than it is to adjust your policies to their needs .
In fact , we could avoid the death of at least one million children every year by improving their intake of it .
The US -- and Europe -- are keen to avoid a sudden collapse of the Egyptian regime .
By underscoring the need to avoid trade protectionism and other beggar-thy-neighbor policies , it also put some pressure on governments concerning what not to do .
And eurozone member states have agreed to perpetuate this financial-stability mechanism from 2013 onwards , and even to amend the Lisbon treaty to avoid any legal ambiguity .
And Spain is doing all it can to avoid the contagion .
Securitization avoided such costs and placed the new product advantageously -- with the complicity of rating agencies , which stood to profit from investors ' inexperience and lack of information .
This is all the more true in crisis situations , in which a protocol of collaboration should be implemented to delineate liquidity help from recapitalization , and to establish the conditions for restructuring in order to avoid competitive distortions .
The harsher the punishment , the more you pay to avoid it .
Although he avoids talking about it at home , even Kim Jung Il may now believe that `` juche '' is a losing philosophy .
Convincing themselves that reform was unavoidable was one of the major feats of China 's leadership under Deng .
But the `` China model '' has given the authorities the tools to avoid such an outcome .
Why , then , do China 's rulers continue to backslide into doubt and fear , and why do they seek to avoid having China labeled a superpower ?
Centralized financial supervision would avoid the need for banks to duplicate reports to different authorities , allow financial rules and supervisory practices to be harmonized , and eliminate distortions to competition .
Given the differing views of President Dmitri Medvedev and former President and current Prime Minister Vladimir Putin -- the main candidates in next year 's presidential election -- many Russian bureaucrats prefer to avoid offering bold initiatives regarding BMD or other strategic arms-control issues until they know who the next president will be .
Even as the G-20 wrestles with the challenges of the global economic slowdown and the euro crisis , the mandate to the FSB remains central to a substantial financial-reform agenda -- and to avoiding national and regional divergence in areas critical to the global financial system 's stability .
The latter condition may already have been partially met , but US policies to stabilize its financial system should help avoid a major dollar slide .
Europeans can continue to avoid responsibility for their own security , and to invoke the catechism of `` NATO , the corner-stone of our security '' as a substitute for serious strategic thought .
But travelers ' recent experiences in the US should give security officials elsewhere good reason to avoid implementing similar policies .
Maintaining anonymous charges enables the military authorities to avoid keeping comprehensive records , which in turn allows officials to evade responsibility for transparent reporting of assaults and of prosecutions -- and thus not to prosecute sex crime in any serious , systematic way .
The mainstream media 's tendency to avoid checking out or reporting what is actually newsworthy in Internet conspiracy theories partly reflects class bias .
Thanks to the protocol , it is estimated that up to 20 million cases of skin cancer , and 130 million eye cataracts , will be avoided .
Some economists recommend fundamental changes in the way monetary policy is conducted to avoid ever reaching this `` zero bound '' on interest rates .
Aside from abandoning the `` one-child '' policy , China could avoid this outcome by climbing the value chain in manufacturing and services , as Hong Kong , Singapore , South Korea , and Taiwan have done .
Indeed , by the end of 2007 , more than 26.5 million rural households were using household biogas digesters , thereby avoiding CO2 emissions by 44 million tons .
The possibility of restructuring balances the interests of stakeholders and uses legal protections to help potentially risky enterprises prevent or avoid bankruptcy if a bailout is worthwhile or possible .
Many Muslims also understand that the problem of Palestine , unsolved for three generations , goes beyond the suffering of the Palestinian people . They know that the region 's dictators have used Palestine to justify their misrule and to avoid political and economic liberalization .
This leads to an unavoidable dilemma : Bush will have to choose between supporting democracy and backing those who want to fight Islamic radicalism .
To avoid this fate , the EU 's commitment in Lebanon needs to be supplemented with a nuanced political strategy that seeks to avoid isolating Lebanon 's long suppressed Shia population .
The vested interests that the Alliance members -- Austria , Prussia , and Russia -- had in the survival of their domestic institutions led each to seek to avoid conflicts that , in the past , they would have pursued as a matter of course .
There will be enough problems in negotiating the creation of a Palestinian state , so we should avoid adding other , gratuitous obstacles .
Only the probability of a default -- and the goal of avoiding even deeper haircuts -- can induce investors to liquidate their positions at a discount .
Can Greece , with the EFSF 's help , obtain debt relief while avoiding default ?
The discounted cost of the resulting stream of fixed annual costs totaled $ 800 billion , but damages avoided by this approach amounted to a discounted value of only $ 685 billion .
China 's official position is that , to avoid the negative impact of a stronger RMB on China 's exports and hence employment , appreciation must proceed in an autonomous , gradual , and controllable manner .
· protectionism is avoided and markets stay open ;
Adherence to these principles ensures that private rent-seeking and appropriation of oil profits , a major dimension of the so-called resource curse , is avoided .
We can and must avoid the Garden of Eden Syndrome .
Like his predecessors , George W. Bush and Bill Clinton , Obama wants to avoid messy entanglements in Africa 's internal politics .
Zuma 's turbulent personal life -- many wives and his embarrassing contention during a rape trial that he avoided HIV infection by taking a shower -- has invited ridicule .
Although they do serve a useful purpose by keeping other players on their toes and raising efficiency through competition , market participants for the most part avoid them , preferring to do business with the Warren Buffetts -- hard-driving businessmen , but known for fair play and creating long-term value .
Industrial policies must be based on a country 's factor endowments , and should build on concrete opportunities to integrate industries and firms in global value chains -- for example , by deepening existing linkages with international production networks and export markets -- while avoiding overinvestment in international growth laggards .
China has much to gain by avoiding such a strategy .
Either officials recognize immediately the inevitability of default and waste no resources trying to prevent it , or they believe that a default can be avoided and deploy all the resources at their disposal as fast as possible .
By that point , it is often too late to avoid a much worse outcome .
But if the euro is to survive -- and if other countries are to avoid sovereign-debt crises of their own -- we still need politician-proof rules .
Two safeguards can avoid this problem in the international context .
Managers can easily move from firm to firm when things go badly , avoiding any punishment .
