These are not problems that can await resolution . Someone must decide soon , for example , about the division of the land and the apartments to be built in what is already known as `` Khalifa bin Zaid City , '' located on a former Israeli settlement in the Gaza Strip .
As a result , perhaps the long-awaited turnaround in German consumption -- which has been flat for the good part of a decade -- is about to happen .
More than 80 % said Estrada should be allowed to languish in a lush private family vacation home where he already spent the last six years awaiting his verdict .
In the early 1990 's , some Turkish generals saw the humiliation of Russian troops in Chechnya as part of a long-awaited revenge .
To imagine the shape of global civics , a worthwhile exercise would be to take 15 minutes to consider what we would say to the seven billionth human being -- who will join us in less than a thousand days -- about the human condition awaiting her .
Of course , roadblocks await .
The beneficiaries of this largesse are now mostly sitting in prison awaiting trial .
For , if a two-state solution really is the future , a social and political earthquake of untold dimensions awaits Israelis : a massive evacuation of settlers and a desperate need for a difficult political realignment to deal with the threat of civil strife and perhaps even military disobedience .
Last week , China finally enshrined private property by passing the long-awaited property rights law , in what the government called `` significant progress in promoting rule of law in the country . ''
This makes many pathogens `` evolutionary land mines '' awaiting us as we relocate to novel habitats , move species around , and alter existing ecosystems .
Potentially catastrophic consequences await , not just for polar bears , but for millions of people .
We welcome US re-engagement in global climate negotiations and await its leadership in transforming words into concrete policies that promote global green growth .
The hope of breaking Nazi power while preserving Germany from the destiny of utter destruction and bloodshed that awaited it in the last months of the war was a noble one , even if in the end it proved to be unrealistic .
In the short run , the best approach is to follow Wolfensohn 's advice , give the dust a chance to settle in Palestine , and await the outcome of Israel 's election later this month .
Yet the US can not set aside the question of democracy and human rights in Cuba while it awaits the departure of Fidel 's brother , Raúl .
South Korea undoubtedly faces the biggest dilemma , and the way forward will have to await the conclusions of the investigation into the sinking of its warship and the deaths of its sailors .
In the 1970 's and 1980 's , West German authorities allowed psychologists and psychiatrists to interview terrorism suspects then being held in prison or awaiting trial , including members of the Red Army Faction .
They were in Tuzla awaiting the long and laborious process of identifying the remains .
Unfortunately , only the first part of this agreement was realized -LRB- though not completely -RRB- , while the second part still awaits fulfillment .
If Iran is serious , the result may be nothing less than the long awaited `` Grand Bargain '' -- a regional reconciliation of interests between Iran , on one side , and America , Europe , and the region 's US allies on the other .
This is an isolated question among many larger issues that await a negotiated peace agreement .
Finally , incentives must be found to encourage pharmaceutical companies to develop drugs that fulfill the needs of patients still awaiting therapy .
So be it : a moral , and perhaps legal , reckoning must await the return of economic growth .
The Bank of Communications listed on the Hong Kong stock market shortly after the HSBC investment , so it has been able to provide the market with more information than have the banks that are still awaiting privatization .
More of this awaits .
A critical test awaits in how the US handles post-war Iraq .
The Making of Sputnik MOSCOW &#45; &#45; On October 4 , 1957 , my father , Nikita Khrushchev , awaited a telephone call .
After all , Putin knows well the old Soviet playbook : the fate of previous KGB functionaries may await him .
Today , 15 states and the federal government proscribe the practice by statute , and two others have passed laws that are awaiting gubernatorial signature .
The public should be relieved if the ECB raises rates , because this would most likely signal that the long-awaited economic recovery is well under way , and that inflationary repercussions are being addressed .
The Growth and Stability Pact -LRB- which mandates a 3 % of GDP limit on the size of the budget deficits of euro-zone members -RRB- is another contentious issue that awaits resolution .
But , lacking capital and forced to pay taxes , what fate awaits industries driven by the state into the market ?
But Securum was then able to recruit skilled staff members who could maximize the assets ' value when markets recovered , and to be in a financial position to await that recovery .
Either way , the outside world must not be allowed to have any idea as to what fate awaits Ai .
Unless the Chinese mend their ways , the same fate awaits them in Africa .
Here , at long last , was Poland 's long-awaited popular uprising , revenge for December 1980 , when Jaruzelski declared martial law , banned Solidarity , and threw its leaders in jail .
Domestically , an ambitious and difficult program of long-awaited reforms , which a majority of French citizens recognize are inevitable , has begun , with some early results in the field of labor law and education .
Otherwise , and for very different reasons , a majority of Asian elites are awaiting the growing possibility of an Obama victory with some bewilderment and even apprehension .
Will the crisis lead to nationalistic and selfish attitudes on both sides of the Atlantic , stymieing the long-awaited rapprochement , if not a full reconciliation ?
As we await the results , it helps to remember the complexity of the relation between effective leadership and communications .
The diplomatic protocols awaiting ratification by the two countries ' parliaments have fallen victim to miscalculations on both sides .
But , even when they are not in danger of losing access to the bond market , most governments in the developed world nowadays anxiously await the pronouncements of the same rating agencies that they were recently vilifying .
These questions , I am afraid , still await a convincing answer .
The world economy desperately awaits its new Keynes .
Yet these challenges are nothing compared to the momentous tasks of institutional transformation that await authoritarian countries .
But history suggests that fixing a central bank 's balance sheet is never pleasant . Faced with credit losses , a central bank can either dig its way out through inflation or await recapitalization by taxpayers .
And even if regulators take their time to try to get it right , as most of us think they should , the world may have to live with weak credit expansion as banks hold back , awaiting a clearer verdict on their future .
In effect , Hamas has returned the conflict to the 1960 's and 1970 's , when progress toward peace had to await the PLO 's readiness to stop using terrorism and accept Israel 's existence .
Three years later , Saddam is a prisoner , awaiting trial .
It is not a step that should await the return of prosperity .
Last month , however , saw a major philosophical event : the publication of Derek Parfit 's long-awaited book On What Matters .
A hangman 's noose did not await them .
On September 14 , the Commission will issue its long-awaited report .
But meaningful reform will almost surely have to await an American administration that is committed to global democracy in deed as well as rhetoric .
COPENHAGEN -- The European Commission recently unveiled long-awaited measures to bring neighboring countries in the Mediterranean and the former Soviet Union closer to Europe .
But the questions that Hatoyama and Rudd raised -- who is in Asia , and who gets to lead regional cooperation -- await a satisfying answer .
India 's Olympic Also-Rans NEW DELHI -- As the world awaits the Beijing Olympics , many wonder whether China 's grand coming-out party will also mark the occasion when it wrests dominance of the medal tally from the United States .
The Lisbon Treaty offers a fundamental redesign of how the Union works , but , despite the pressing need to enhance EU institutions ' mobility and flexibility , it is still awaiting ratification .
From his prison cell awaiting his execution by Hitler 's Gestapo , Dietrich Bonhoeffer declared that we must all `` share in God 's suffering . '' Indifference for Bonhoeffer was not only a sin , but also a type of punishment .
While the Wahhabis could yet be bribed again with oil money , the sect 's power-hungry judges eagerly await the next beheading , stoning , or lashing in Riyadh 's public square .
All await a chance to rule .
The 70 or so prisoners who will return to the West Bank could also be influenced by the positive atmosphere created by the Palestinian Authority as it awaits the resumption of negotiations to achieve a two-state -LRB- and two-population -RRB- solution .
