Unless this cause is fully understood , and its roots revealed across the region , this attack may prove to be the beginning of the unmaking of South Asia .
The American-led invasion of Iraq was supposed to begin a process of transformation across the Middle East .
Consequently , the need for drastic change in the structure and style of a previously reality-impaired regime has finally begun to sink in .
Still , it is tempting to think that Syria is witnessing a new beginning , and the end of an era whose sins we all bear .
Barghouti 's popularity also stems from his refusal from the beginning to take any office in Arafat 's corrupt PA and its institutions .
But Barghouti has begun speaking out from his jail cell on the political situation , and his presence is growing .
Then the bitter political struggle will begin in advance of the elections .
Immediately after the election , a senior Hamas official , Mahmoud al-Zahar , said that Hamas would maintain the cease-fire with Israel begun last February , if Israel did the same . Hamas may be signaling that it will not provoke Israel .
One reason neighboring countries may take part in peace talks is that Egypt and Jordan fear that Hamas could begin actively to support these countries ' own Islamic opposition groups .
Hamas 's battle with these radicals , who detonated suicide bombs and killed six Hamas security men during the mosque fight , is just beginning .
At the beginning of the Afghan campaign many military `` experts '' feared that the US would face a similar fate .
That is why Europeans should hope that the wave of corporate restructuring and reformation , which many thought would follow inevitably in the wake of the creation of the single market , begins to crest across the Continent and change the way businesses are run .
Before diplomats and pundits begin to paper over the two sides ' differences , it is necessary to reflect on their sources .
Not surprisingly , the European right is beginning to use immigration as a tool to attack the welfare state .
After weeks of paralyzing strikes , Prime Minister Raffarin 's government began a campaign to convince voters that the reform was simply removing the privileges of a small minority .
This is especially worrisome because Europe has recently begun moving in the right direction by deregulating its markets .
Simply put , when middle-class Europeans begin to think that a good portion of the poor are recent immigrants , their ingrained belief in the virtue of the welfare state will begin to waver .
From the mid-1970 's on , however , Americans continued working more or less the same number of hours , while Western Europeans began working less and less each year .
The UN 's weapons inspectorate chief and Iraq have agreed on tentative terms for the conduct of weapons inspections , which in theory could begin as early as two weeks from now .
He delivered the clean bill of health that Saddam had hoped for when he began hiding his atomic factories and ambitions .
But , as the current scandal surrounding the UN 's administration of the Iraq oil for food program demonstrates , and as the world remembers the Rwanda genocide that began ten years ago , respect for the UN should be viewed as something of a superstition , with Secretary General Kofi Annan its false prophet .
Annan was alerted four months before Hutu activists began their mass killings by a fax message from Romeo Dallaire , the Canadian general commanding UN forces in Rwanda .
But if the EU ever begins to offer China extensive exports of powerful and offensive weapons systems , the military power of the People 's Liberation Army would be able to defeat Taiwan 's defense forces .
Negotiations therefore must begin on October 3 .
Men and women in the United States smoked cigarettes at vastly different rates at the beginning of the twentieth century , but these rates largely converged by the 1980 's .
On June 16th , the rebellious oligarch Mikhail Khodorkovsky and his comrade-in-arms Platon Lebedev finally began to face the judges of the Meshchansky district court .
Hearings began just the day before Khodorkovsky 's trial opened in another case that is no less significant .
Should levels of displacement remain high , as appears likely , the humanitarian crisis may deepen further , especially because strained local resources have led some governorates to begin refusing to admit displaced people .
A week later , an inauguration ceremony officially began Shantsev 's second term in office .
But it seems that this apathy is beginning to lift .
The combination of the IAP and the IAC is an important new experiment for providing international scientific advice -- an experiment that has only just begun to demonstrate its potential effectiveness for spreading the benefits of science and technology to all humanity .
But Russian citizens , especially younger ones , are beginning to realize what they have lost .
The money allowed Iraq to begin to address security , production , and technology issues throughout its oil system .
Such are the EMU 's benefits that the visible costs of remaining a non-member are beginning to recast the political debate surrounding euro adoption in several countries .
Thanks to an environment favorable to export-oriented firms and , most notably , to wage discipline , Germany began to post significant balance-of-payment surpluses .
Only during the exit from the crisis did problems begin to surface .
The size of public debts , which had been ballooning in many countries during the crisis , together with growing competitiveness gaps between member states , began worrying markets .
Some investors , doubtful of the sustainability of some countries ' public debt , began to worry about the viability of the euro itself .
Eurozone members facing a loss of competitiveness can no longer afford to skirt difficult but necessary reforms through a monetary `` quick fix '' that shifts the burden onto their trade partners : as always , beggar-thy-neighbor policies reward laxity and penalize virtue .
France 's EU Presidency has done much to improve coordination between member states ' responses to the financial crisis , and the European Commission has also begun to play the more active role that Friends of Europe called for on October 10 .
The rude awakening came when property values began to decline .
Although Chinese exports have begun to recover in 2010 , the impact of the financial crisis remains palpable .
Shortly before Christmas , rumors of an impending rebel assault began to filter into Sierra Leone 's capital .
Then they began to amputate us .
Seemingly invincible for many years , the former dictator 's final collapse began in London in October 1998 , when Spanish lawyers , Judge Baltasar Garzón of Spain , and Scotland Yard brought charges against him .
Add to this centuries-old patriarchal traditions , 15-year-old post-war traumas , a 20-year economic crisis , and current Russian aggression , and you may begin to grasp what women in South Ossetia , Abkhazia , and Georgia are enduring these days .
LONDON -- `` I am a glory that will not be abandoned by Libya , the Arabs , the United States , and Latin America ... revolution , revolution , let the attack begin , '' said the self-described King of African Kings , Dean of Arab Leaders , and Imam of all Muslims , Colonel Muammar al-Qaddafi .
The problem is that the Libyan army has not been able to act cohesively since the protests began , in contrast to the Egyptian and Tunisian armed forces .
Aside from the mixed signals online , in the virtual world , the critical question is whether eliminating Bin Laden marks the beginning of Al Qaeda 's demise in reality .
Initially , he acted as an able diplomat and accommodator , but since his Munich speech , Putin has begun uniting the West against Russia .
What began as protests over living conditions became full-scale demands for freedom and democracy .
Unless Syria 's rulers , like other leaders in the Arab world , begin to appreciate that freedom is a fundamental human right , even the most quiescent people 's patience may wear dangerously thin .
It was the Tamaulipas organization that began the latter transition at the end of the 1990 's .
But just as there could be no moral neutrality in the war against Nazism and Fascism , so the coalition the Americans are now trying to build will begin to take as a root assumption that , if the war against terrorism is to be serious , tolerance of terror-supporting regimes can not go on .
But all national movements -- the Greek as well as the Polish , the Jewish as well as the Kurdish -- begin in adversity .
Davutoglu began conventionally , declaring that Turkey 's geopolitical situation would always dictate the country 's foreign policy .
Since Erdogan is a critic of Israel , Arab rulers can not say this openly . But Arab governments -- and their security services -- are beginning to ask themselves whether Turkey 's policies will undermine whatever internal stability their states possess .
Now that the talks are to begin , will they achieve anything substantial , or will the summit in Washington merely be another photo opportunity , like President George W. Bush 's Annapolis summit in 2007 ?
LONDON -- As US and NATO soldiers prepare for their tenth Christmas in Afghanistan , a new buzzword is making the rounds : `` transition , '' the process of transferring responsibility for security from international to Afghan forces ahead of the withdrawal of foreign troops , which is set to begin in the spring of 2011 .
That is the question that the European Court of Human Rights -LRB- ECHR -RRB- faces this week as its Grand Chamber , consisting of 17 judges , begins considering an appeal of an initial ruling that rejected claims of discrimination against the Roma by the Czech Republic 's education authorities .
Studies are beginning to show that an animal 's environmental conditions can completely change the results of genetic studies .
It is a new beginning .
Racan would not have had to deal with the Hague Tribunal had he the courage to begin his own housekeeping and investigations of Tudjman 's cronies and the war criminals the deceased president protected .
The global media should now go further , and begin to examine the many features of the rise of China and India that depart from the simplistic narrative of the triumph of market reform .
Domestic industries that face foreign competition are beginning to close down or relocate abroad .
But , as Saleh prepared the way for his son Ahmad -- the head of the Presidential Guard -- to succeed him , he began to marginalize al-Ahmar .
The regime 's desire to get al-Ahmar out of the picture became clear during the last round of fighting aginst the Houthis in 2009-2010 , when Saudi Arabia began bombing the rebels .
These cash proceeds are substantially higher than the value of the holdings that the executives held at the beginning of the period .
So , to be able to sell 100,000 shares from July to December of a given year and receive the average stock price during that period , an executive might , for example , have to announce the sale before the year begins .
To begin , firms with a higher CEO pay slice generate lower value for their investors .
The atmosphere at the paper began to darken noticeably as one after another of its leading editorial lights was pushed out .
That means one begins to avoid tough subjects , like the repression of Falun Gong and its followers .
Management then began to quietly spread word that the paper needed people able to `` negotiate '' with the sensibilities of the Communist Party .
The paper 's tone began to change , becoming increasingly deferential toward China 's rulers .
Even the office photographer began to notice different photographic choices .
Then they began to offer guidance on reporting in exchange for favors like access to officials .
The laws of economics state that when the demand for a commodity begins to outstrip supply the price will rise . Leaving aside short-term speculative markets , demand will then decrease and supply -LRB- including the supply of substitutes -RRB- will increase .
New Europe Catches Old Europe 's Cold LONDON -- As governments across Western Europe began bailing out banks and their depositors , Eastern Europeans watched nervously , unsure about what the global financial storm would mean for them .
In addition to reviewing the state of the Israeli-Palestinian negotiations , the November Middle East conference that President George W. Bush has called should begin to build a platform for an Israeli-Syrian negotiating track and a region-wide forum where clear rules of conduct and engagement are agreed by all .
Britain 's New Internationalism TOLEDO , SPAIN &#45; &#45; With President George W. Bush 's grand strategy for the Middle East in ruins , his administration has , however hesitantly , begun to put greater emphasis on resolving conflicts by peaceful means .
Peace efforts began almost invariably thanks to Arab , not Israeli , moves .
Fifteen years after the Madrid Conference began a formal peace process between Israelis and Palestinians , the parties are wiser as to what is inevitable if this tortuous process is to lead to a permanent settlement .
A Farewell to -LRB- Glorious -RRB- War In recent days , Italy 's government fell after losing a parliamentary vote on the country 's troop deployment in Afghanistan , while Britain and Denmark announced that they are to begin withdrawing their troops from Iraq .
Israel needs to decide whether it is a regional superpower or a Jewish ghetto waiting for an imminent pogrom to begin .
Today , the clique that surrounds Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas embodies the bitter deception which the peace process that began with the Oslo agreement has meant for the Palestinians .
Official diplomacy begins where the battlefield ends .
Indeed , the last war that Israel won `` elegantly '' -- in the way that Netanyahu imagines that wars should be won -- began from the supposedly `` indefensible '' 1967 lines .
Contrary to appearances , the deal is not a reflection of both sides ' interest in beginning a political rapprochement that might lead to the end of the Gaza siege and other confidence-building measures .
Today , ending the occupation of Palestinian territories that began that June seems as distant a dream as ever .
It was the beginning of America 's global `` war on terror '' in 2001 , however , that brought the political march of the Islamist parties to a screeching halt , as it provided an excuse for the government to crack down on the Malay right and the PAS .
The Roman Catholic Church , after a long period of fierce resistance , also has adapted successfully to pluralist competition , legitimating it theologically in the declarations on religious liberty that began with the Second Vatican Council .
Acceptance of the market economy has been slower , but that , too , has begun since the encyclical Centesimus Annus of John Paul II .
The crisis that began in 2008 underscored the importance of market-supporting policy institutions and policies , particularly in the financial sector .
This pattern began at the start of the ` European project ' over half a century ago .
Whatever decisions are taken , it is also clear that preparatory work must begin as soon as possible , and at least before the end of the year .
That changed when the US bombing against the Taliban began ; doubts over the wisdom of the US campaign combined with resentment at seeing a super-modern superpower pound away at a medieval country devastated by decades of war .
There is little except national inertia , complacency and opportunism that stands in the way of beginning to formulate and implement a distinct EU policy to bolster the coalition against terrorism .
Had the American people chosen John F. Kerry over George W. Bush last November , the reunion would be seen by both sides as a new beginning , resonant with personal warmth .
After progressively dismantling their inefficient policy frameworks in favor of `` liberal '' reforms , the two giants began to stride forth .
That means that China is beginning to `` rejoin the human race '' as capital accumulation meets scarcer labor and growth slows .
The fear of globalization , however , began historically in the East , not the West .
As the benefits of globalization became manifest , and the damage wrought by autarkic policies also became evident , policymakers in the East began to appreciate that their anti-globalization stance had been a mistake .
Pressure to reduce costs in the recent downturn may have accelerated the movement of jobs to low-wage locations , but this accounts for only 15-35 % of the decline in employment since the downturn began .
Soon , however , those forces that feared losing power in this vast and important region began a determined counter-offensive .
It took some time , but Yanukovich 's determination to press on with the European integration efforts begun by his predecessor , Viktor Yushchenko , has become increasingly clear -- in the face of repeated calls -LRB- and sometimes thinly veiled threats -RRB- by Russia to join its customs union with Belarus and Kazakhstan .
His daughter is proud of his legacy , which marked the beginning of South Korea 's economic boom .
At the beginning of the 1990 's , with inflation rampant , the three largest Latin American countries decided to use the exchange rate as the centerpiece of their stabilization strategies .
Finally , while Latin America 's resource-based economic model and the increasing importance of China in the region catalyzed the growth spurt that began in 2004 , the share of high-technology manufacturing and services exports has decreased .
Nonetheless , we are at both the end and beginning of something remarkable .
Even if the Paper 's suggestion were plausible , which it is not , it begs a larger question : should we prevent migrants from taking entrepreneurial risks ?
Saving Europe 's Lost Generation of Workers MILAN -- More and more European young people are beginning to think just like Paul Nizan 's character Antoine Bloyé , who said , `` When I was twenty , I would not call that the best time in my life . '' The global financial crisis has hit them hard .
Since the beginning of the recession , in the third quarter of 2008 , the European Union has lost five million jobs among those under 40 years old .
Those who are now leaving school and entering the job market run the risk of becoming a lost generation , like their Japanese cohorts who began their working lives at the beginning of Japan 's downturn in the 1990 's .
Likewise , only by adopting such a strategy can the US start to compress the Pentagon 's inflated budget and begin to address its many domestic woes .
But the Socialists began to change their stripes in the late 1970 's , rallying around the concept of nuclear dissuasion as a guarantee of national independence and beginning to distance themselves from America .
The same should hold with respect to the new UN : to join and remain a UN member would require respecting the international commitments undertaken by each state , beginning with the UN Charter and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
A good place to begin would be to form , before the next General Assembly , a caucus of democratic states to coordinate their actions and establish common positions .
But , as the UN declaration -- and the long debate surrounding its adoption -- illustrate , scientific arguments are not at the center of national and international debates , which revolve around questions concerning the beginning of `` human life . ''
Some Christian theologians , for example , believe that life begins at conception , while scientists maintain that nerve and brain cells emerge around 14 days after conception .
The European Parliament 's new stance may , I hope , mark the beginning of a radical policy shift by all actors involved in rebuilding Afghanistan .
I believe the UN should push for an immediate de facto suspension , without waiting for the debates to begin on legal reforms in the respective countries .
It must be used to move Europe farther along the road of integration , lest the Union begin to reverse course .
This redistribution is purely routine in any federation , beginning with the United States , and the public pays little or no attention to it .
The model 's decadence is now so clear that Raúl Castro 's government has begun heavy cuts in Cuba 's enormous state bureaucracy and has allowed a limited number of private businesses .
The Euro at Ten PALO ALTO -- The beginning of 2009 will long be remembered for terrible economic news and controversial economic policy in virtually every country .
From the beginning of the crisis in December 2007 to the apparent end of the recession in the summer of 2009 , the decline in real GDP in the US was 3.8 % .
The economy falls to the bottom of a well , and then , as soon as it begins to climb itself out , the recession is declared `` over , '' even though it may be a long climb back to the top .
Within the current recession , we have already had a double dip ; a dip at the beginning of 2008 , then some growth , then another long , deep dip , then renewed growth .
From federal water shutoffs , in the name of protecting a tiny fish , which have decimated agriculture and left tens of thousands unemployed , to severe local zoning restrictions that drive home prices higher , California now has a wide array of problems begging for solutions .
These automatic effects should soon begin to reverse as economic activity recovers , but there is much debate , including at the G-8 and G-20 meetings , over whether the discretionary stimulus should be extended or ended , repeated or reversed .
This process must begin in school .
Although inflows of international financial assistance remain substantial , reconstruction money from abroad will begin to dry up as Iraq puts its central government in place .
But as China 's leaders begin final preparations for the Games next August , they may be wondering if hosting the event was such a good idea after all .
Even large pension funds are beginning to take notice .
But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigeria 's fragile democracy .
As the bond market begins , finally , to price in greater relative risk in euro-zone sovereigns , the intellectual underpinnings of the idea of a global division between emerging-market and developed-market bonds will be fundamentally tested .
If Sunnis come to believe that Shia and Kurds intend to treat them as second-class citizens , they will have no stake in the success of Maliki 's government and could again begin to pursue their political interests by other means , provoking another surge of sectarian violence .
To be sure , many Arab young people blame America for bolstering the local dictator , but their resentment does n't begin to compare with anti-Soviet attitudes in the Warsaw Pact .
A new chapter has begun .
The American and British governments , increasingly unpopular at home , desperately needed some tangible evidence of progress to assuage their domestic critics and to begin to speak openly of an exit strategy .
If Bush and Blair declare victory before the real battles have begun , they will undermine the very process to which both have committed so much at such great cost .
The four-month clock began ticking on May 3 , following the first meeting of Iraq 's new parliament .
On May 15 , two small independent energy companies -LRB- Turkey 's Genel Enerji and Canada 's Addax Petroleum -RRB- became the latest foreign firms to begin drilling in Kurdish-controlled territory under an agreement with the regional government .
Kurdish politicians within the new parliament have good reason to protect these lucrative deals as debate begins over constitutional changes .
Finally , the Iraqi government must begin dismantling the militia groups that still outgun the fledgling Iraqi army , and it must defeat the largely Sunni-led insurgency .
If they use the good news to begin withdrawing significant numbers of the foreign troops who bolster Iraq 's stability at a crucial and vulnerable moment , they will have undermined the project to which both have devoted so much political capital .
But the Bush administration can seek ways to contain global energy prices -- and it should begin by refusing to be baited into escalating tensions whenever Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad pleases .
There are price freezes on certain subsidized goods and services , and rising inflation makes these subsidies even more expensive for the government . Indeed , the government indicates that it may begin rationing gasoline .
Why Turkey 's Army Will Stay Home Just when the smoke from Turkey 's domestic political conflicts of the past year had begun to clear , another deadly attack by Kurdish separatists on Turkish soldiers has the government threatening military attacks inside northern Iraq .
From the very beginning , these countries have represented the different aspects of Europe 's identity : Belgium , as an industrial country , continentally oriented , bilingual , and an intermediary with southern Europe , and the Netherlands with its strong agricultural and trading tradition and its Anglo-Saxon and Atlantic orientation .
When news of the group 's arrival was announced on Chad 's radio , former victims began to line up at the courthouse to tell their stories .
The Belgian judge , everyone here now hopes , will shortly seek Habré 's extradition from Senegal , where Habré 's victims began their quest two years ago .
The economy was growing , and he and Tymoshenko began to tackle the country 's black hole of corruption .
Such an approach would begin with refraining from forcing an immediate vote -- and a dramatic US veto -- in the Security Council .
Neo-conservatism began with different premises from traditional forms of conservatism .
From the beginning , senior Reagan era officials were wary of pursuing a unilateral response .
When humans began to move out of Africa , they carried some of their pathogens to new areas , where they switched over to native hosts while native pathogens took up residence in the newly arrived humans .
Marwan Barghouti , the leader of Fatah 's grassroots group on the West Bank , is now in an Israeli prison for organizing the bloody uprising that began in 2000 , and for direct involvement in planning the killings of many Israeli civilians .
So how do we begin to tackle the massive challenge of retooling our global economy , preserving the planet , and lifting billions out of poverty ?
Having succeeded in integrating the West through prosperity and security following WWII , America must begin to craft a new global leadership structure .
The process began at a meeting in Bhutan between Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India and Yousaf Raza Gilani , his Pakistani counterpart .
India agreed to begin talking again with its neighbor , accepting Pakistan 's argument that it , too , was a victim of terrorism .
Despite all the grim news and auguries , there is some hope , owing to the increased political mobilization of Pakistan 's middle classes , whose members have finally begun to question those espousing extremism .
Even before Pakistan 's ruling elite was shaken by the killings in Pakistan 's streets and the turmoil in Tunisia and Egypt , it had begun to plan measures aimed at mollifying an increasingly restive citizenry .
With Bin Laden 's death , the US could argue that the mission begun almost ten years ago has been accomplished .
Troops could begin to be brought home , in line with the promise made by President Barack Obama when he announced his Afghan strategy at West Point on December 1 , 2009 .
The Americans began returning to Pakistan until , in 1998 , the Pakistani government decided to follow India in testing an atomic bomb . This led to the imposition of US sanctions -- and America 's third exit from Pakistan .
The dynamic that has brought Pakistan-US relations to this point arguably began on December 1 , 2009 , when President Barack Obama , announcing a surge in the number of US troops in Afghanistan , also indicated his intention to start pulling back American troops beginning in July 2011 -- a pledge that he reiterated two months ago .
Pakistan 's embarrassed military pressed the government to begin distancing itself from the US .
Barack Obama , at least when he began his campaign , had all the charisma of the holy roller , turning on the crowds with the rhetorical spark of a great evangelist .
When common interests no longer prevail , language and culture begin to matter more .
When the offspring of manual workers imported from countries such as Turkey and Morocco in the 1960 's began to form large Muslim minorities in European cities , tensions rose in working-class neighborhoods .
When guest workers from Morocco and Turkey became de facto immigrants , some began to champion the creation of an additional Muslim pillar .
With secularization taking hold , the traditional pillars began to break down .
One strong school of thought that emerged almost as soon as the killing began in 1989 , is that the more radical student leaders had been reckless .
In the last decade or so , the LDP -- as well as the once-almighty bureaucracy that ran the system -- began to look incompetent .
This , too , began with Reagan and Thatcher . They took up Kennedy 's promotion of democracy in the world .
And it is illegal to even begin to discuss the role of the king .
So let the games begin , and may the best team win .
Expectations , usually set too high to begin with , fail to be met , resulting in anger , disillusion , and often in acts of terrifying violence .
America , after `` wandering in darkness ... today begins to turn back to God , '' Beck declared , in the typical style of a TV evangelist .
These people were largely left in peace until a few years ago , when Jews began to lay claim on properties lost in 1948 .
Heinz-Christian Strache , for example , leads the Freedom Party of Austria , which began , under its late leader , Jörg Haider , by actively courting former Nazis . `` More strength for our Viennese blood , '' one of his election slogans , gives an idea of Strache 's typical tone .
Things began to change after the 1967 Six Day War , and even more after the 1973 `` Yom Kippur '' war , when it became clear that Israel was not going to let go of the Palestinian territories that it had conquered .
Later , when Israel began to build settlements all over the occupied territories , admiration even turned into active hostility from Europe 's left .
Serious fighting only broke out after supporters of Mubarak began to attack the crowds .
And yet , in order to begin a transition to more democratic forms of government , it helps to be a client state of the US .
However , as recent history has shown , toppling strongmen is only the beginning of the democratization process .
But wars often beget more wars , or longer ones .
These claims began to be made by respectable conservatives , and even some social democrats , in the 1990 's .
But things began to change when the Israeli Labor Party lost ground to the harder-line Likud .
More and more , Israel began to be infected by precisely the type of politics most Jews have traditionally feared , especially ethnic nationalism .
Provoked , in part , by Arab neighbors ' hostility and Palestinian leaders ' intransigence , Israel began to turn sharply to the right .
But to understand how Pius 's reputation began to be challenged , we must see Hochhuth 's play within the context of the great social and cultural upheavals of the 1960 's .
Indeed , the number of recent changes in the North Korean hierarchy strongly suggests serious domestic opposition to the continuance of Kim 's misbegotten rule .
Moreover , from the beginning South Korea had little faith in the UN even trying to act , due to China 's veto in the Security Council .
Slowly , many parents began to accept the fact that their children would be worse off .
To begin with , they reject all academic conventions , such as footnotes , graphics , or judicious explanations in favor of agreeable journalistic narratives pitched to a mass audience .
The process of developing and coming to terms with a new national idea can not begin and end with a rejection of the very concept .
The urban population , already 70 % and growing rapidly , has begun withdrawing their support from Morales , except in La Paz , El Alto , and Oruro , and in the most unionized sectors .
The identity of Bolivia 's indigenous people , who were historically excluded from political , social , and economic life , is beginning to be seen as a synonym for confrontation , violence , and ethnic aggressiveness .
It is possible to see in Chavez but another Latin American populist sorcerer 's apprentice , one whose political shelf life will expire whenever oil prices begin their inevitable shift backward .
Whether this profound change will be seen as a key moment in the consolidation of democracy in El Salvador , or as the beginning of a slide toward instability , will depend on Mr Funes ' ability to balance two complex and contradictory imperatives : calling for moderation across the political spectrum while implementing the deep social transformations that El Salvador sorely needs .
To begin with , the FMLN is short of a congressional majority , which remains in the hands of its right-wing opponents , ARENA and its long-time allies , the small PCN .
The first of these misbegotten assumptions is to underrate social intolerance as a threat to freedom .
The third attack on Italian unity launched at the beginning of August by the President of the Lega Nord group in the Senate , Federico Bricolo , who proposed adding a proviso to Article 12 of the Italian Constitution whereby the flags and anthems of the different regions would be officially recognized on an equal footing with the national anthem and flag .
This was not the case at the beginning of Bush 's term as president .
He basically argued that over the past ten years , Mexico , while hardly a paradise , was on something of a roll : inflation came under control , growth began to pick up , poverty was being reduced , and lower interest rates made credit available to the lower middle class .
Since debates over those policies did not take place , they will have to begin now , and inevitably they will further polarize a society that is already deeply divided .
With these reforms , Mexico can finally begin to harvest the fruits of ten years of stability and continuity -- not a mean feat for a country which had previously had major crises in every decade since the 1960s .
Needless to say , Calderón was thrilled , particularly because he had begun backing away from the emphasis his predecessor , Vicente Fox , placed on the immigration issue .
Instead , they began to settle in communities farther from the border , greatly increasing the stock of Mexicans in the US .
While the US should lift its trade embargo as soon as Cuba 's transition begins , everything else should be conditional on Cuba initiating a process of resolving all outstanding issues .
Bush had it right at the beginning : his willingness to negotiate an immigration agreement with Mexico at the start of his term was probably the only way to get it done .
Immediately after the announcement , Sudan 's government and its allies began a diplomatic campaign aimed at securing a Security Council deferral of the investigations for 12 months .
He has also had to govern in a persistently difficult environment : a lame-duck president next door in the United States , a severe economic downturn , and the legacy of corruption , negligence , and complicity handed down by his predecessors since 1968 , when Mexico 's old one-party political system began to crumble .
Calderón still does enjoy the support of the public -- Powell 's fourth condition -- but he is beginning to lose it .
According to the US government 's International Narcotics Control Strategy Report -LRB- INCSR -RRB- , opium , heroin , and marijuana seizures have decreased since Calderón began his drug war , and drug production in Mexico is on the rise . In 2008 , according to the US State Department , potential heroin production reached 18 metric tons , up from 13 metric tons in 2006 , as production of opium gum rose to 149 metric tons , from 110 metric tons .
In other words , since Calderón began his war on drugs , more Mexican drugs are on the market , not less .
A second issue is the highly touted Bolsa Familia , which began under Lula 's predecessor as Bolsa Escola , and was originally devised by the economist Santiago Levy under Mexican President Ernesto Zedillo .
Even the country 's proverbial inequality is beginning to shrink , albeit slowly , and lower-middle-class living standards are finally rising to where they should have been a decade ago .
Some -- including me , up to a point -- might have thought that once democracy had taken hold in the region , the disproportionate political weight of painters , writers , poets , and musicians would begin to decline ; they would no longer be the voice of the voiceless , because the voiceless now had a voice of their own .
In recent weeks , many observers of the Latin American military situation have detected what could be the beginning of a new arms race in the region .
To begin , the presumed causes of homosexuality are shrouded in pseudo-scientific theories and psycho-babble : homosexuals supposedly suffer from hormonal imbalances , or were sexually abused as children , or constitute an indeterminate `` third sex '' that is neither male nor female , or had absent fathers and over-protective mothers .
But trade in illegal narcotics did not seriously threaten Mexico 's stability or provoke conflict with the United States until the mid-1980 's , when Colombian cocaine began to flood across Mexico to the US .
Moreover , we are beginning to identify molecular mechanisms that regulate the entry of cancer cells into a dormant state , as well as their re-awakening at later times .
Thus , the FSLN government proclaimed itself winner in 109 of the 153 municipalities . This culminated a process of electoral fraud that began five months earlier with the suspension of the legal standing of the opposition Conservative Party and the Sandinista Renewal Movement , a rival to President Daniel Ortega 's FSLN .
Ironically , the democratic opening began with Ortega , who unintentionally inaugurated an era of electoral competition when he lost power in 1990 .
C.H. Tung , Hong Kong 's Chief Executive , began his second term last year by proposing new security laws , causing a few news blips of worry .
In `` The Future of the Holocaust , '' he wrote that those generations born before the genocide of European Jewry `` at least began life in a different world , one from which genocide was absent , in which that occurrence was quite inconceivable . ''
In other words , pain may begin with a neural message of tissue injury or disease , but it is the end product of complex events within the brain .
Psychological researchers are beginning to investigate why individual patients form the experience of pain differently when they experience similar tissue injury .
NEW DELHI -- Leading members of the governments of India and South Korea recently met to begin a new `` strategic partnership . ''
With its defense spending having grown almost twice as fast as its GDP , China is now beginning to take the gloves off , confident that it has acquired the necessary muscle .
However , work to refit the carrier had already begun in Dalian , China 's main shipyard .
From the time construction of the port began , Gwadar was widely seen as representing China 's first strategic foothold in the Arabian Sea , as part of its strategy to assemble a `` string of pearls '' along the Indian Ocean rim .
More importantly , Mukhtar disclosed that Pakistan had asked China to begin building the naval base . `` We would be ... grateful to the Chinese government if a naval base is ... constructed at the site of Gwadar for Pakistan , '' he announced in a statement .
Although China 's economic renaissance had already begun under Deng Xiaoping , the Chinese Communist Party , after 1989 , was able publicly to subordinate ideology to wealth creation .
Post-Cold War India began pursuing mutually beneficial strategic partnerships with other key players in Asia and the wider world .
And , while Europe has built institutions to underpin peace , Asia has yet to begin such a process in earnest .
Once the four-star general was moved to the new position , his relationship with the president began to sour .
Having earlier preached the gospel of its `` peaceful rise , '' China is now beginning to take the gloves off , convinced that it has acquired the necessary muscle .
That approach became more marked with the global financial crisis that began in the fall of 2008 .
Although opinion polls indicate that a majority still supports the status quo , many are beginning to believe that if the country 's official name , the Republic of China , is not acceptable to the international community , then another name might be .
But hibernating bears are just the beginning of the story .
Australia 's gastric brooding frog , Rheobatrachus , begins life in the female 's stomach , where it would , in all other vertebrates , be digested by enzymes and acid .
The concept is beguilingly simple : drill at least two boreholes five kilometers deep , inject cold water into one , pass it through the hot rocks , and then bring it back to the surface , where the energy is removed in a power station .
But it is the economics of HDR geothermal that will eventually determine its long-term role , because deep boreholes are expensive to drill , and their costs must be met before power stations can begin to generate electricity .
These first power stations will develop the operational and financial performance histories that will be necessary before HDR geothermal energy can begin making an impact on world energy supplies .
Pakistani parents occasionally maim their children to make them beguiling beggars .
The pattern begins in parliamentary deadlock .
Man , Machine , and in Between TÜBINGEN , GERMANY - -- We are so surrounded by gadgetry nowadays that it is sometimes hard to tell where devices end and people begin .
Nevertheless , the availability of such technologies has already begun to cause friction .
Indeed , from this point began the fatal rivalry between Japan and the US that culminated in Pearl Harbor .
Even so , the country must now , year after year , increase its military expenses so that it can begin to approximate NATO standards .
Indeed , he began apologizing for his earlier anti-Semitic hate speech .
The Anthropocene Period could be said to have started in the latter part of the eighteenth century , when analyses of air trapped in polar ice showed the beginning of growing global concentrations of CO2 and methane .
Indeed , last March , US Climate Envoy Todd Stern began to speak positively about China 's domestic efforts to address climate change .
Ethiopia 's New Climate of Fear Vienna -- The European Union , the United States , and other major donors will pump about $ 2.5 billion into Ethiopia this year , a sum that does not even begin to include the cost of medicines , famine relief , and countless other services provided by non-profit groups in one of the world 's most impoverished countries .
This is the point at which many begin to use language that defines Europe by distinction , indeed by contrast , to the US -- Europe as the anti-America .
The result is that many leading Europeans begin to define their intentions for the Union by contrasting it to the USA .
They foresee a short war , the rapid collapse of the Baathist regime , and a new beginning for Iraq 's people .
Many of the great political scandals of recent decades began with the financing of parties and candidates .
She began to equivocate and in the end said that she had not .
This continued for only a few days , but fear of the occupying Soviets never left even as they began to distribute food and set up a rudimentary administration .
Thatcherism plus globalization had many liberating consequences , but the combination also created new social problems , begetting losers as well as winners .
The Thatcherite counter-revolution was so successful that it , too , began to incite countervailing pressures .
The apparent hegemony of neo-social democrats began to crumble after only a few years .
Looking around the world in 2004 , you begin to understand Popper 's motive : freedom always means living with risk , but without security , risk means only threats , not opportunities .
As a result , people have begun to cling to other , more primordial group identities .
Withdrawal will begin next spring .
Soft power begins with economic power .
The beginnings of Christian ecumenicism under his predecessors did not advance much in his 25 years .
I no longer needed to hide as I had done after my release from a Gestapo camp at the beginning of February .
Somehow a new life would begin .
Rediscovering the West Transatlantic disputes are multiplying at the very moment that Europe 's Constitutional Convention begins to debate a joint EU foreign policy .
A far more critical group in any society are those who have begun to move forward to new conditions , but then find their path blocked .
Those who stayed behind began to vote in strange ways -- electing , for example , the successors of the old Communist parties that they had been glad to get rid of only a few years before .
The massive migration processes that have only just begun will be the major issue of the coming decades .
Disconnection is the beginning , followed by the belief that one is the only person who knows what is right and good .
A process that had begun with the Enlightenment had now reached the point at which `` anything goes . ''
In Westminster , every parliamentary sitting begins with Christian prayers presided over by Speakers who could be Christians or Jews or non-believers .
In a sense , women 's advance is simply the normal consequence of the gradual move to effective equality of opportunity that began in the 1960 's .
In at least two respects , alternative policy options are beginning to emerge , and these may one day dominate public debate .
When an economy eats into its productive base in order to raise current production , eventually GNP will decline , too , unless policies were to so change that wealth begins to accumulate .
So Europe can not begin to match the US unless it becomes a single federation .
The problem is aggravated by the fact that the EU remains wholly unprepared for its `` big bang '' enlargement , even as it is set to begin .
This question has faced the EU from its beginning , and until now member governments answered it by proceeding at the pace of the most reluctant .
Diplomatic efforts by the outside world proved ineffective , so in March 1999 , NATO began a 78-day bombing campaign against the Serbs .
Will Hutton , a prominent British commentator , has described the Financial Services Authority , which I chaired from 1997-2003 -LRB- the date things began to go wrong ! -RRB- as a trade association for the financial sector .
Vickers gives short shrift to some of the more beguiling options .
PARIS -- `` April is the cruelest month , '' wrote T.S. Eliot at the beginning of his great poem , `` The Waste Land . ''
Fortunately , the latest survey , published in July this year , shows that trust in banks and bankers has begun to recover , and quite sharply . This has been positive for the stock market .
In a perfect world , one would add in the state banking regulators , but I recognize that at this point I have begun to trample on cherished features of the US Constitution !
And the European Central Bank has begun to buy government bonds , including those of Greece , at prices well above those that would prevail in a free market .
Thus , as banks return to profitability , politicians in North America and Europe have begun to talk again about new taxes that would skim those profits off to the benefit of taxpayers , whose support kept banks in business at the height of the crisis .
Some economists have begun to argue that central banks need not be so wary of intervening .
For example , if profit can be made by understanding the model behind a policy , as is surely the case with the models used by the United States Federal Reserve , sooner or later so much capital will seek that profit that the tail will begin to wag the dog , as has been happening lately .
They progressively lose their predictive value as we all accept and begin to bet on them .
Despite this , over the course of the last 20 years , economists began to act as if we thought we could genuinely predict the economic future .
The SCO is also beginning to work together in the fight against drug trafficking and organized crime .
That investment would save thousands of lives , and it would be a pittance compared to the hundreds of billions of dollars spent by the international community in military and peacekeeping expenditures since the so-called `` war on terror '' began in 2001 .
So a marginal investor was willing to pay more than 15 % more cash and more than 30 % more equities for US Treasury bonds at the end of the month than at the beginning .
Chemists begin with what the Heisenberg and Pauli principles , plus the three-dimensionality of space , tell us about stable electron configurations .
But the battle to transform the economies of the Middle East -- the only hope of preventing fanaticism from claiming a generation of young unemployed Arabs and Iranians -- is only beginning .
Reading Rubin 's recently published memoir In an Uncertain World , we can begin to understand this striking difference better .
However , the absence of rapid growth in western Europe and Japan is not a great handicap for developing countries , because Europe and Japan were never all that open to imports from developing countries to begin with .
The lesson is that governments , firms , investors , workers , and parents worldwide should begin betting on the long-run trends that have become visible over the past decade .
Let the Cold War end , they said , and then we will see France and Germany begin to rattle their sabers again , for that is the tragedy of international power politics .
By 2000 , European senior bureaucrats began to dread the approach of each international meeting as the likely occasion for yet another lecture by the Americans on how Europe needed to become much more like America right now .
· The failure of Western European governments to even begin to think about how to address the coming fiscal crisis of the social-insurance state as a result of their aging populations ;
Government policy back then began with a permanent military program of spending and R&D and continued through massive public works program and suburbanization , underpinned by the Federal Highway Program and subsidized home ownership loans from the Federal Housing Administration .
Most academic economics rely on concepts laid down at the beginning of the twentieth century by the British economist Alfred Marshall , who said that `` nature does not make leaps . ''
Second , the 70-year period that began with the widespread diffusion of the automobile -- during which one could get nearly anywhere in a typical metropolitan area in half an hour or less -- is over .
As more time passes with neither the value of the dollar declining sharply nor market forces beginning to shrink America 's current-account deficit -- which may well reach $ 1 trillion this year -- two diametrically opposed reactions are emerging .
It was the summer of 2000 when I began asking Republicans I know -- generally people who might be natural candidates for various sub-cabinet policy positions in a Republican administration -- how worried they were that the Republican presidential candidate , George W. Bush , was clearly not up to the job .
The rest of the decade was punctuated by the Mexican peso crisis of 1994 , the East Asian crisis of 1997-98 , and troubles in Brazil , Argentina , Turkey , and elsewhere , and the new millennium began with the collapse of the dot-com bubble in 2000 and the economic fallout from the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
The United States ' trade and current account deficits have begun to shrink relative to American and world GDP .
Since 2004 , I have been saying that the situation , once it started , would probably become clear within a year : we would know whether the global economy would right itself or begin a downward spiral .
Either central banks would manage somehow to thread the needle and guide exchange rates and asset prices back to some stable and sustainable equilibrium configuration , or the chaos and disruption in financial markets would spill over into the real economy and a major global downturn would begin .
Deng Xiaoping began to champion `` reform and opening '' in 1978 .
The boom began in the countryside in the late 1970 's and 1980 's , and was followed by today 's urban , industrial-led growth .
Once the tailspin began in 1997 , governments ' lack of reserves hampered their ability to rescue failed banks , forcing them to appeal to international institutions for relief .
The challenge for China in the years to come is to divest itself of American debt , and begin investing in the health , education and environmental well-being of its own people .
As the protests began , Deng 's chosen successor , Premier Zhao Ziyang , was tempted to use the mass movement as a lever to push harder for market reform , and possibly political reform .
Having begrudgingly purged the reformers in 1989 , Deng in 1992 seized the opportunity to sideline the central planners , bringing in China 's neo-liberal hero , Zhu Rongji , to re-fire the engines of the economy .
The US , moreover , should actively seek a path back to the Six Party Talks , resisting both the fatalistic idea that North Korea can never be persuaded to roll back its nuclear program and the dangerous notion of simply waiting for the North Korean regime to come begging , if not collapse .
Since then , stability and hope have begun to return to a region affected by the destruction of war and the widespread despair of social displacement .
The anchor was there from the beginning .
Such `` beggar-thy-neighbor '' policies in the 1930 's aggravated and deepened the Great Depression .
Dating from around the beginning of the Christian era , and carved into a 130-foot-high rock , the seated image of the Buddha was second in importance in South Asia only to the Bamiyan Buddhas .
But now we see Asian companies beginning to acquire valuable US-owned economic assets -- witness India 's Tata Group 's proposed acquisition of Jaguar and Land Rover from Ford . Do you see foreign investment and acquisitions in America as a positive development or a potential peril ?
Asian leaders have often complained that at a time when Asia became increasingly interconnected and China began to enlarge its sphere of influence , America was largely absent in the region .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has begun to talk about a Bretton Woods II that would give a bigger voice to Asia in the world 's great multilateral financial and economic institutions , and French President Nicolas Sarkozy has asked that China help the West during these difficult times .
And , while scholars have begun to talk about building an Asia-Pacific community that can match the Atlantic community 's extensive network of relationships , there has been no clear signal from the US government about America 's role in this transformation .
It has been several years since private investors and states began buying and leasing millions of hectares of farmland worldwide in order to secure their domestic supply of food , raw commodities , and biofuels , or to get subsidies for carbon storage through plantations .
Economic reform also must begin without delay .
Concern with the region did not begin with the attacks in the US in September 2001 or with the Madrid bombings .
The same is true of calculations at the beginning of the 1990 's , which would have forecast Japanese import growth based on extrapolations from the high GDP growth rates of the previous 40 years rather than on the decade of stagnation that ensued .
For the 30 years since the beginning of China 's economic reforms , Chinese industry has achieved impressive efficiency gains by adopting new technologies and realizing economies of scale , leading to a huge expansion in locally made products suitable for export .
Finally , developing-country governments are beginning to prioritize health care and are seeking cost-efficient outcomes , as well as the means to effectively manage disease burdens .
But the assault on freedom is perceived as such only when it begins to apply to men .
Genetic Property Rights on Trial LONDON -- In early February 2010 , a United States federal district court in New York began deciding a landmark case as to whether individuals have a `` right to know '' about how their own genomes can dictate their future health .
Burma 's deterioration demands that Ban stop managing and begin to lead .
He should begin by demanding that Burma 's government fulfill its responsibility to protect the country 's citizens and condemn the use of violence and repressive tactics .
In July 2010 , a total of 439 nuclear power plants with a net installed capacity of 373.038 GW -LRB- e -RRB- were connected to various national electricity grids , about 1.2 GW -LRB- e -RRB- more than at the beginning of 2006 .
Later he became Milosevic 's chief of staff and joined the opposition when Milosevic began to lose his grip on power .
Both Djindjic and Ko¨tunica must ultimately realize that they are stuck with each other and so begin to compromise and cooperate .
With relations in the region and with the West approaching something like normalcy , Serbs were beginning to feel , at long last , that they were finding peace with themselves and the world .
But most Serbs were beginning to believe that the ballot and not the gun was becoming the dominant tool of politics .
My own interest began with one of these simple molecules 40 years ago , when I was a postdoctoral student in Sweden .
In 1965 , Robert Ledley began the first real sequence database , the Atlas of Protein Sequence and Structure .
So I began my own database , mostly using translated DNA sequences ; I called it NEWAT -LRB- New Atlas -RRB- .
Armed with a very primitive computer and some very simple programs written by an undergraduate student , we began matching every new sequence against all previously reported sequences and found many wholly unexpected relationships .
Act II began with a renewed speculative attack and a deep collapse of the currency .
The IMF staff must begin to report , publicly and for everyone to see , the shortcomings in countries ' balance sheets and currency strategies because these are invariably the causes of collapse .
So far , Mr. Koizumi is running on high octane ; he has wide popular support and the central scenario is that tightening the budget during a recession will slow -LRB- though it will not arrest -RRB- the growth of debt relative to GDP and that other reforms will begin to create an improved business environment .
Lula and his party are so far outside the mainstream of economic thought and policy that capital has already begun fleeing -- even though the election is months away .
For all the good news about Mexico 's infant democracy , its president is beginning to justify the early fears about him : no vision , no Congress to work with , and no team that knows what to do .
As with the Nazis , the study of modern terrorism began from the starting position that a single disposition -- known in the literature as the `` terrorist personality '' -- characterizes most or all terrorists .
The flu epidemic , which probably began in the southern state of Veracruz , is yet another sign that all is not well in Mexico .
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has made a persuasive case for work to begin on a nuclear-weapons convention , or a framework of separate agreements resulting in a global ban .
He began by defining three terms : the genetic relatedness between individuals -LRB- labeled r -RRB- , the cost of an act of goodness -LRB- c -RRB- , and the benefit that a recipient obtained when someone was nice to him or her -LRB- b -RRB- .
But peace was the principal driving force in the minds of people like Schumann and Jean Monnet at the beginning of the European integration process , as it was for Helmut Schmidt and Valéry Giscard d'Estaing when they laid the foundations of the single currency and today 's European Central Bank .
But , again , health really begins at home , so the real victory -- and one where such civil-society cooperation may have a more immediate impact -- is to give people better data about themselves and what they should be doing for their own health .
The second challenge is to understand how the genes interact among themselves or with other factors to produce the condition , which should enable the development of new preventive measures or treatments based on the details of how the condition begins and how it progresses .
When I told the group that I had begun my career as a magazine fact-checker , several of them grew misty-eyed , as if someone had told a group of priests about his childhood as an altar boy .
But Alvaro Uribe 's re-election in Colombia may not only have begun the process of reversing that tide ; it has perhaps also shown conservative and liberal parties across the continent a way forward -- one that may soon be tested in Mexico 's presidential vote on July 2 .
Gutierrez began campaigning for the presidency shortly after his release from prison , but his chances looked slim until CONAIE decided to support his candidacy last summer .
Policies throughout the continent must and will begin to reflect their desires .
Then , in four or five years , Microsoft will begin our agony all over again .
Only if growth is significantly faster over the long run will living standards for the vast majority of the region 's voters begin to rise .
Over the past few years , analysts and investors around the world began to see Brazil as an economic power in the making .
Democracy , in its Greek origins , began with the creation of a public sphere distinct from the family and its intense emotions .
In the media , comparisons to Esau 's theft of Jacob 's birthright and to various Shakespearean tragedies began to abound .
The greenback has fallen against the euro by nearly 15 % since the beginning of the summer .
China is finally prepared to let the renminbi resume its slow but steady upward march . We can now expect the renminbi to begin appreciating again , very gradually , against the dollar , as it did between 2005 and 2007 .
The IMF 's crisis-prevention efforts begin with its country surveillance , as provided for by Article IV of its Articles of Agreement .
So what can be done to address the situation without getting into a beggar-thy-neighbor , retaliatory free-for-all ?
Since 1999 , when the Chinese government began a push to ramp up university education , the number of graduates has risen seven-fold , but the number of high-skilled , high-paying jobs has not kept pace .
There has also been a tendency to push students into fields like engineering , even though the Chinese economy is now beginning to shift from manufacturing to services .
But , already before the recent debt-ceiling imbroglio , the dollar had begun to lose its luster .
Until there is hope , however remote , that Greece can begin to grow again , the problem will not go away .
Violence has displaced more than 350,000 people in eastern Congo since the beginning of 2007 .
Recently , thousands more fled fresh outbreaks of fighting between local militias and supporters of Laurent Nkunda , a renegade general of Congo 's army , who has rejected a call to begin disarming his troops .
After all , Russia 's reforms , many of Russia 's leading reformers , and President Putin himself all began their careers in St. Petersburg .
But this is no cause for complacency . For the really hard work is only now beginning : dealing with all the internal practical and political problems that these enlargements will bring , as well as reckoning with countries in the membership waiting rooms , in particular Russia .
It all began last autumn when German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder , desperate to hold on to power , made Iraq an issue in the German election campaign . He played on Germany 's well-known and respectable pacifist feelings .
He even employed this phrase in his final State of the Union address in 2008 , saying that `` Our message to the people of Iran is clear : We have no quarrel with you ... Our message to the leaders of Iran is also clear : Verifiably suspend your nuclear enrichment , so negotiations can begin . ''
Jonathan Zittrain , Co-Director of Harvard University 's Berkman Center for Internet and Society , has suggested that the United States , for example , could start with some basic funding for the kind of `` science and technology innovation that gave us the Internet to begin with . '' This could include potential `` game changers '' in China such as ad hoc mesh networking , which allows users to communicate with one another by hopping from one device to the next without an Internet service provider in the middle .
Now , we are beginning to see a similar phenomenon in China .
Right now , many netizens are applauding Google 's move . But if they begin to perceive Google as a pawn of the US government , this sentiment could turn on a dime .
But there is enough evidence to believe that both anatomically modern humans and Neanderthals began burying their dead 100,000 years ago - and probably before , as suggested by the recent dating at 160,000 years of a Neanderthal burial site at Tabun , Israel .
Bone tools and beads are virtually absent from sites in Africa and the Near East inhabited by modern humans beginning 100,000 years ago , and few abstract engravings on bone and on fragments of ochre are found at African sites dated to 75,000 years ago .
-LRB- Europeans need not be envious : growth is quicker when it begins low ; think again about puppies . -RRB-
Military reform has yet to begin .
Their national independence is now more elusive than it was before the terrorist era began .
When battles were lost , talks began . These talks eventually resulted in the formation of respected countries , from Italy in the nineteenth century , to India in the middle of the twentieth century , to Eritrea near that century 's end .
At the beginning of the twentieth century , socialist revolutionaries led by Evno Asef embarked on a series of terrorist attacks against state officials .
Nor is it too early to begin work on crafting a new Nuclear Weapons Convention that provides a workable framework for multilateral negotiations , and on devising an independent high-level monitoring mechanism that would spell out clear benchmarks for progress , track how they are being met , and create real pressure for change .
Invoking RtoP , that response began with a warning and the threat of sanctions and prosecution at the International Criminal Court , and only subsequently allowed military force to protect civilians .
Despite the best efforts of US President Barack Obama , UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , and others who have stayed admirably focused and consistent , other voices -- from the right , the left , and the simply muddled -- are now capturing media attention , and are beginning to drown , or at least confuse , the basic message .
That mood and behavior began to change with the action of a star Aboriginal Australian Rules footballer , Nicky Winmar , one of the very few then playing in the top professional league .
The Europe of the past began with the Schuman Plan , which sowed the seeds of today 's EU , and concluded when the Cold War ended .
In the recent cycle , the authorities began cooling down the economy as early as 2004 , when China had just emerged from the downturn caused by the SARS scare in 2003 .
At the beginning of the year , the RRR increases could be regarded as part of efforts to correct the over-supply of money that arose from the anti-crisis stimulus package .
With the global economy recovering , China 's trade surplus began to grow .
At what point will higher RRR levels cause Chinese commercial banks to begin running losses ?
The winds of global change began sweeping through Asia roughly two decades ago , first in East Asia , then engulfing China , and in the course of the 1990 's blowing on to South Asia , most importantly India .
It beggars belief that China and India are not members of the G-7 .
So today 's talk of oil scarcity , which began at the turn of the last century , should come as no surprise .
But making and implementing the right decisions must begin now .
The introduction of molecular methods began the current agricultural revolution .
Now , as we begin to confront the inevitable exhaustion of fossil fuel supplies , we are asking agriculture to satisfy some of our energy appetite , as well .
Yet , there should be no doubt that the Bush administration is beginning the research and development of new nuclear weapons .
America 's Saving Rate and the Dollar 's Future CAMBRIDGE -- The saving rate of American households has risen sharply since the beginning of the year , reaching 6.9 % of after-tax personal income in May , the highest rate since 1992 .
Before it began rising last year , the US household saving rate had been declining for more than 20 years in response to the increasing level of household wealth .
Consider first the goal of reversing the monetary expansion , which is necessary to avoid a surge of inflation when aggregate demand begins to pick up .
But the unemployment rate could be over 9 % -- and possibly even more than 10 -- when it begins to act . If so , can we really expect Congress not to object ?
It is easy to jump from this arithmetic to the conclusion that the euro is overvalued , and that it is likely to continue the decline that began last December . But that conclusion would be wrong .
These and other countries with very large foreign-exchange balances are beginning to diversify their holdings from dollars to euros , a process that will continue and that will inevitably cause the euro to rise relative to the dollar .
But , because Greek euro bonds were regarded as a close substitute for other countries ' euro bonds , the interest rate on Greek bonds did not rise as Greece increased its borrowing -- until the market began to fear a possible default .
And does n't Japan 's persistent deflation since the early 1990 's also show that , once it begins , deflation can not be reversed by a policy of easy money or fiscal deficits ?
The recent rise in the US household saving rate reversed a long-term decline that began 25 years ago .
Household wealth is now $ 10 trillion dollars less than it was before the recession began .
So it was good news for everyone when the US economy began expanding in the summer of 2009 , 19 months after falling into the recession that officially started in December 2007 .
Until the fourth quarter of last year , the US economic recovery that began in the summer of 2009 was decidedly anemic .
Ever since the Greek crisis began , the country has shown that it can not solve its problems as the IMF and the European Commission had hoped .
This is a sharp change from the economic situation at the end of last year -- and represents a return to the very weak pace of expansion since the recovery began in the summer of 2009 .
That is clearly a substantial risk if the country is Germany or France . But even if it is one of the smaller countries , it might be a serious threat because it could be seen as the beginning of the end .
Although the fiscal stimulus package that President Obama recently signed will give a temporary boost to activity sometime this summer , the common forecast that a sustained recovery will begin in the second half of 2009 will almost certainly prove to be overly optimistic .
Although long-term government interest rates are now very low , they are beginning to rise in response to the outlook for a sharply rising national debt .
Local militias achieved prominence and power in the Netherlands , beginning in 1568 during the long struggle against the Spanish Habsburgs , though they were again sidelined when the threat passed in the late seventeenth century .
In this crisis , the stakes are high , which is why Germany , the UK , and France began negotiations with Iran two years ago with the goal of persuading Iran to abandon its efforts to close the nuclear fuel cycle .
Finally , a military attack on Iran would also mark the beginning of a regional , and possibly global , military and terrorist escalation -- a nightmare for all concerned .
The UN simply can not solve Kosovo 's structural problems , namely the need to develop a viable economy and to begin engagement with the EU -- the most powerful motor for reform and economic development in the region .
There is no indication that Bush will begin to grasp this bitter reality during the remaining months of his term .
It will , of course , be important who wins the presidency : a candidate expected to continue Bush 's foreign policy or someone ready for a new beginning .
The unilateral overstretching of American power offers a chance for a new beginning in US-European relations .
In the beginning , the idea of human rights was limited to domestic politics .
But human rights and the rule of law began to re-emerge as a theme of Western policy , especially in the wake of the Helsinki Conference on European Security and Cooperation and its use by the administration of US President Jimmy Carter , as well as by numerous non-governmental advocates protesting the treatment of Soviet dissidents .
To begin with , the old system of nuclear deterrence , which has survived particularly in the United States and Russia since the Cold War 's end , still involves lots of risks and dangers .
At the beginning of the twenty-first century , proliferation of military nuclear technology is one of the major threats to humanity , particularly if this technology falls into terrorists ' hands .
It is high time for serious negotiations to begin .
Moreover , while there is no willingness to accept Israeli hegemony , the tone vis-à-vis Israel is beginning to change .
Europe should have no illusions about this and should begin to prepare itself .
Indeed , it is here that Russia 's renewed confrontation with the West begins , because the new Europe is based on the principle of the inviolability of boundaries , peaceful conflict resolution , and the rule of law , so to forgo this principle for the benefit of imperial zones of influence would amount to self-abandonment .
The first is globalization , by which ever-larger parts of the Arab world , beginning with the Persian Gulf and its oil countries , will be influenced , albeit slowly , both economically and culturally .
In the Middle East , the process of regional integration could begin with water and energy .
Amid this worst crisis since 1929 , America has opted for a truly new beginning with the election of Barack Obama , and is now in the process of reinventing itself .
Moreover , the new EU member states in Eastern Europe , which have neither the economic strength nor the political stability of long-term members , are now beginning to take a nosedive .
The night of November 9 , 1989 , marked the beginning of the end of the Soviet Union and its empire , and thus also of the bipolar world that had , for five decades , divided Germany and Europe .
Nothing and no one , it seemed , could stem the global triumph of the market , with its transcendence of all previous limits on wealth -- that is , until September 15 , 2008 , the fateful date when Lehman Brothers went bust and the meltdown of the global financial system began .
What amazes our neighbors and partners -- and increasingly causes distrust -- is that ever since the beginning of the global meltdown last September , the German government has focused almost exclusively on national crisis management , rebuffing any and all attempts at a European approach .
Rather , 20 years after the fall of the Berlin wall , the reunited Germany is beginning to realize that it can also act alone .
What is visible in the current crisis is that the Iranian revolution against the Shah was not the first Islamic revolution , but one of the last Third World anti-colonial revolts -- the end rather than the beginning of an historical era .
At that moment , peace between Palestinians and Israelis could have been achieved , and thus a new beginning made in the Middle East .
November 9 , 1989 , marked not only the end of the Cold War era , but also the beginning of a new wave of globalization .
The past two decades also have seen the world begin to reach its ecological limits .
And , while the Europeans have formally kept to their decision to begin accession negotiations with Turkey , they have done little to advance the cause .
As a rule , the path to nuclear-power status always begins with so-called `` civilian '' nuclear programs .
What , then , will a future risk assessment look like if significantly less organized and developed countries begin -- with the active assistance of the nuclear powers -- to acquire civilian nuclear-energy capabilities ?
At the beginning of the 1990 's , when the majority of the European Union 's member states decided to form a monetary union with a common currency and a central bank , the idea of a central government lacked support .
The decision to go to war against Iraq to liberate Kuwait , back in 1991 , marked the beginning of America 's role as the sole hegemonic military power in the region .
For only the US -- with all its power and sense of mission -- had the ability to establish a new world order at the beginning of the twenty-first century .
If a great power forgets this , or loses the ability to act accordingly , it begins to decline .
America 's departure from this great tradition did not begin with the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
Indeed , as early as the final years of the Cold War , the US began to view the whole system of international treaties and institutions as an obstacle to enforcing its own interests .
The question today is whether the current crisis of American consciousness marks the beginning of America 's decline or , let us hope , the beginning of a return to multilateralism .
The debacle in Iraq was foreseeable from the beginning , and America 's numerous partners and friends predicted it quite clearly in their warnings to the Bush administration .
Unless we begin to do so , succeeding generations will fail to realize an environmentally sustainable world where people live in dignity .
One way to think about guilt versus shame is to begin with the response that fits our sentiment of responsibility .
When his trial began , the prosecution tried to exclude Hamdan from the room during the testimony of a witness against him . The government wanted to protect its sources .
The British physician Andrew Wakefield 's vaccine theory became wildly popular among parents , many of whom began to withhold vaccination -LRB- thus subjecting their own and other children to the risk of entirely preventable , and sometimes serious , illnesses -RRB- .
Symptoms had to begin before age three and comprised a striking and unmistakable combination of severe language deficits , inability to form social relationships , and a preoccupation with a very narrow set of stereotyped behaviors .
If anything , these gaps narrowed and began to reverse .
America 's leadership in world affairs began to weaken with the unilateralism of Bush , and today 's economic problems are reinforcing this tendency .
If Germany 's half-hearted efforts to stabilize Europe somehow turn out to be successful , America 's position will be further eroded , and central banks around the world will begin to regard the euro once again as a reliable alternative to the dollar as a reserve currency .
Libya Calling VALLETTA , MALTA -- The recent signing in Tripoli of `` a comprehensive claims settlement '' between the United States and Libya marks a new beginning not only in US-Libya relations , but between Libya and the rest of the world .
The Nobel Cult OSLO &#45; &#45; The dance around the golden Nobel medallion began over a 100 years ago , and is still going strong .
From the beginning , the inner world of those entrusted to make recommendations was marked by personal and principled discord over how to interpret Alfred Nobel 's cryptic will and to whom prizes should be awarded .
The cult of the Prize began even before the first winners were announced .
In calling for measures to `` guard against systemic risk , '' the G-20 summit has begun the process of reconstruction by recognizing that the system in its entirety , not just individual institutions , must be regulated .
The original source of rights , God or religion , has been rejected in the West since the beginning of the Enlightenment .
John Locke 's `` Second Discourse on Government '' begins with a long polemic against Robert Filmer 's argument for the divine right of kings .
It is important to remember : those who were responsible for taking the British Marines captive wanted an escalation of the confrontation , both to improve their domestic standing , and to punch back for sanctions that were beginning to bite .
The sharp divide between producers and consumers of knowledge began only about 300 years ago , when book printers secured royal protection for their trade in the face of piracy in a rapidly expanding literary market .
The university began with the humanities at its heart , but today it is playing catch-up with the natural sciences .
The Dominicans and Franciscans literally lived by begging -- that is , by depending on diverse sources of income , whose return to any particular investor was always unclear .
After all , China spent valuable political capital to oppose NATO 's airstrikes at the beginning of the intervention , only to end up backing the forces that NATO helped bring to power .
Indeed , China 's neighbors will not be reliably good to Chinese interests unless and until China begins to provide essential public goods -- not just commerce , but also full-fledged regional governance based on the rule of law , respect for human rights , and regional economic growth .
In many ways , they began to see fighting big business as akin to fighting terrorists .
Thus , at the beginning of the current decade , the democratic system of political checks and balances that had been created in the 1990 's began to be dismantled .
A few weeks ago , Burma 's monks began to march and pray and spread loving kindness in an effort to solve our nation 's problems peacefully .
We turned our begging bowls upside down as a gesture of our feelings .
But we believe that the protests represent the beginning of the end of military rule in our country .
In short , it is because China began its adjustment one year before the global crisis that its economy emerged earlier than other countries .
Scientists have found that demand for krill has begun to exceed supply in some areas of the Southwest Atlantic .
Today , thuggery begins in the office of the presidency .
Declarations by German Chancellor Angela Merkel , whose country assumed the European Union 's rotating six-month presidency at the beginning of the year 2007 , are unambiguous : the period of reflection , approved by the European Commission in 2005 , has ended .
Indeed , militant Islamists , hoping to recover from the devastating blows they have absorbed since the war on terror began , are already positioning themselves to capitalize on the coming war with Iraq .
As a result , policymakers should begin to consider direct policy interventions to accelerate social progress , with a particular focus on human development and gender inclusiveness .
Having lost their homes and parents , they sleep in alleys , sell cigarettes or newspapers , and beg .
When the baby boomers begin turning 65 in the 2010 , they will account for 13 % of the population in the United States ; by 2050 , 21 % will be over 65 , and 5 % will be over 85 .
Markets will be purged of criminals and monopolies ; honest competition will begin to operate .
The third hurdle is the danger that the Extraordinary Chambers will be regarded as the end rather than the beginning of a long-term search for accountability and legal reform .
And on January 26 , the ICC will begin its first trial -- that of Thomas Lubanga Dyilo , a former Congolese warlord .
It is no secret that Russia 's diplomats and military leaders were unhappy with Putin 's decisive tilt toward the West after the war on terror began .
Some military analysts saw this as the beginning , at long last , of serious reforms , as the army was capable only of executing military operations in Russia 's traditional way , i.e. , using overwhelming force , as in WWII .
In that case , he would risk getting a beating , though perhaps a few beggars would indulge his fantasies in the hope of duping him out of his money .
The first truly post-Pinochet-era government will have begun .
Contrary to those who regard the discussion of an alternative monetary framework as premature , there are good reasons for China to begin right now to build the institutional foundation for the transition to an independent monetary policy .
As well as scientists from the relevant disciplines , art theorists , psychiatrists , language experts and philosophers are beginning to participate in the discussion .
The FIS meeting in July was the unheralded beginning of an attempt to remodel the universe in such a way .
This has prompted some scientists to begin investigating new models of energy from the perspective of `` intelligence and information , '' in which order is equivalent to information .
But it is beginning to emerge that many also preferred to stay in a social environment that they trusted rather than fleeing to safer , but foreign , surroundings .
Once the Soviets realized this , they began to send bogus shipments around the country on random schedules , creating shortages for the baffled civilian population .
But lately , more complex problems are beginning to arise from humanity 's sharing the atmosphere .
A dearth of water fuels ethnic strife , as communities begin to fear for their survival and seek to capture the resource .
Humanity must begin to resolve this water dilemma .
Activists from public movements , journalists , ecologists , businessmen , and ordinary people who had suffered the tyranny and corruption of public officials began to join in .
This threat evidently motivated Medvedev to speak out in November : `` It is no secret , '' Medvedev wrote in his blog , `` that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared . ''
A second necessary step is for the US and Russia to follow up on the New START agreement and begin deeper weapons cuts , especially tactical and reserve weapons , which serve no purpose , waste funds , and threaten security .
President George W. Bush seems hell-bent on repeating Nixon 's misbegotten policy .
Yet America 's currency strategy is the most reckless -- another mighty error in an economic policy so wayward that it is hard to know where to begin listing the mistakes .
At the beginning of June , the RCB 's governor , Sergei Ignatyev , admitted not only that this year 's inflation target would be missed , but also that the RCB is not prepared to pursue inflation targets at the expense of a competitive exchange rate .
Consumer credit began in China only in the late 1990 's , with regulations allowing banks to offer mortgage loans , which now amount to about 10 % of total loans .
However , late last year , Everbright Bank and some others began offering fixed-rate mortgages .
Whether describing genes for the color of flowers in pea plants or the shape of the fruit fly 's wings , geneticists at the beginning of the last century believed that each gene governed one unique characteristic .
Given their large foreign-exchange reserves , we believe the time to begin such an initiative is now .
BRUSSELS -- The financial crisis that began in 2007 had its roots in excesses in the housing market that remained unresolved in 2010 -- and that will continue to roil economies in 2011 and beyond .
Papandreou 's decision to call a referendum in Greece could thus have marked the beginning of the endgame for the euro .
The endgame to determine the European Union 's final shape is underway . It began with the publication by the Praesidium of the Convention on the Future of Europe of a draft of the first sixteen articles of the `` Treaty to establish a Constitution for Europe . ''
Maybe the most important point -- and a key difference with the Clintons -- is that this experiment begins in an Argentina that suffers from great institutional vulnerability .
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff 's government , which began its term this year with an understanding that economic growth will slow sharply , devalued the real in order to shore up the country 's competitiveness .
And , while building a system that would do whatever the government wanted , he began a struggle against critical journalism that continues under his wife .
Retuning Europe 's Franco-German Engine BERLIN -- Whether or not the French presidency of the EU , which begins next month , is successful will depend in large part on whether Franco-German cooperation can be revived .
For a time , tensions between the two countries rose to the point that France announced the postponement of the `` Blaesheim talks , '' a regular exchange of views by French and German leaders on European issues that began in 2001 .
Wars have beginnings and ends .
Ban needs to begin with a cold , hard assessment of his new position .
The 1990 's may have been a lost decade , but Japan 's economy has begun to recover , now growing at more than 2 % a year and boasting several firms that are truly global and hugely successful .
The Looming Crisis with Iran NEW YORK -- When Barack Obama takes office in January , he will be greeted by many difficult challenges , beginning with the acute economic crisis .
To begin with , it would entail putting together a diplomatic package that offered Iran access to nuclear energy but not physical control over nuclear materials .
Coal is one place to begin , as it will continue to generate the lion 's share of the world 's electricity for decades to come .
The task now is to persuade Palestinians and Israelis to begin the process , to start taking steps to improve the situation on the ground so that they can tackle more far_reaching matters at the negotiating table .
NEW YORK -- We are in a protracted period of international transition , one that began more than two decades ago with the Cold War 's end .
As 2011 begins , with 50,000 US soldiers still in Iraq and another 100,000 in Afghanistan , it may not look like that era is coming to an end .
The Kurdish north is largely autonomous ; where its writ ends and the central government 's begins is unsettled .
But it will be only the beginning of an extended , gradual process of American military reduction , one that looks like it will take four years -- and quite possibly longer .
Troop reductions in Iraq and Afghanistan will also allow the US military to begin to recover from these two conflicts .
But it is only the end of the beginning .
What begins now is the struggle for Egypt 's future .
As soon as this goal comes close to being achieved , elements of the opposition begin to position themselves for the second phase of the struggle and the coming competition for power .
We are already beginning to see signs of this in Egypt and will see more in the days and weeks to come .
Once the crisis began , the people in the streets , Mubarak himself , and above all the army have been the principal protagonists .
The second phase of the post-Cold War era began with the 9\/11 terror attacks .
Chinese officials have said that the crisis that began in the United States will not slow down long-planned reforms in China 's financial markets .
As the crisis that began in 2008 has shown , there are too many , rather than too few , supervisory and regulatory institutions overseeing European financial markets -- almost 70 in the EU as a whole .
Recall the beginnings of the crisis : the British bank Northern Rock , for example , is now seen as a notorious example of how poor communication and information sharing among just three national authorities can easily make matters worse .
The irony here is that , at its beginning , participation by private banks in SEPA was strictly voluntary .
Many experts believe that , two years later , the US has still not begun to take the urgent steps necessary to defend itself against further attacks .
America 's legal community , and some in the wider society , are beginning to awake to the complex issues confronting the US as it seeks to protect itself from outside attacks for the first time since 1812 .
Soon , however , the old messages depicting the Middle East as extreme , fundamentalist , and hostile to democracy began to re-insinuate themselves in the West .
Thus , at a time when Eastern Europe began to solidify itself in the perception of the West , it did so as a bastion of heresy that had to be `` civilized . ''
Formerly , the state decided everything , and many people , particularly in the middle and older generation , began to see freedom as a burden , because it entailed continuous decision-making .
Yes , there are some alarming elements in Russian policy , mostly because Russia has never really known where it begins and where it ends .
So how is it possible that the international community remains incapable of responding effectively to dissuade Burma 's military rulers from escalating the force that they have begun to unleash in Rangoon and its Buddhist temples ?
Pushed to the wall in this way , many Palestinians are beginning to see no other option for fulfilling their national aspirations than radical tactics .
But it begs the question of why there has not been a more concerted and concentrated focus on transforming the situation in Gaza and Palestine .
Only the beginning of public trust will allow problems to be correctly diagnosed and addressed .
The Western press has , up until now , often portrayed Russian President Dmitry Medvedev 's term in office as a time of liberalization , a period when the Russian government is beginning to loosen its authoritarian grip on society .
Stanislav Markelov , Natalya Estemirova , Maksharip Aushev , and Ivan Khutorskoi were all alive at the beginning of 2009 , determined to improve Russia 's human rights record and expose the truth about abuses .
A new declaration was badly needed when we began work on it one year ago .
I begin with the nature of the perceptual system : What were the circumstances in which it evolved ?
DENVER -- Meet any Korean of a certain age , and you will learn about barley season , which begins in February and stretches through the cold months of early spring until the first of the winter barley crop is harvested .
New governments are urged to tackle all of these problems immediately and simultaneously , lest they lose `` momentum '' and begin backsliding .
This troubled moment is an appropriate occasion to ask some fundamental questions about the peace effort itself , a process whose length in years is beginning to span the lifetimes of some of the people engaged in it .
To be sure , denying Milosevic the means to engage in `` ethnic cleansing '' was added as a rationale in the days after the campaign began , but the real purpose was to convince him that he had to allow NATO forces into Kosovo .
That is why NATO began to assemble a ground component .
This gap is beginning to close as NATO begins to deploy assets , such as attack helicopters , aimed more directly and boldly at the real goal of removing Qaddafi from power .
If I had to date the moment when my own misgivings about him began , it would be the time -- starting after September 11 , 2001 -- when he began to emphasize his own `` faith '' as a motivating factor in his moral stand .
As a result , certain groups of neurons , such as those responsible for producing and perceiving language , may begin to function autonomously , beyond the control or influence of other brain systems .
Moreover , when schizophrenia begins , these persons are often in states of extreme fear or elation .
The task of saving lives has barely begun .
Former Foreign Minister Abdullah al-Khatib argues that Jordan should have begun distancing itself from Iraq years ago .
The only way to begin to turn this tide is for the US to reverse its primarily unilateral approach to the region 's problems .
The reconstruction of Iraq , which has now begun , will continue .
Indeed , one of the main goals of the most recent biannual meeting of the US\/China Strategic Economic Dialogue -LRB- held the week before the climate talks began -RRB- was to begin work under the `` Ten Year Energy and Environment Cooperation Framework '' created earlier this year .
Some commentators have begun pointing to the different views of the US and Europe on the role of international law , as opposed to the use of force , in resolving disputes .
To begin with , members of the small but steadily growing Saudi middle class have increasingly expressed their discontent publicly .
The real problems with proxy wars begin , paradoxically , once victory has been achieved .
But this alone will not be sustainable unless Estonia begins to produce its own innovations .
Until we know the answers to these questions , it seems premature to decide that we are witnessing the beginning of the end of variant CJD .
My journey to Guantánamo began in December 1998 , after I finished my mandatory service in the Uzbek army .
I began working as a traveling salesman , selling goat 's milk , hens , roosters , and sheep .
But , after Zhao and other parents protested that the government 's compensation plan was inadequate to cover the cost of their children 's ongoing medical care , they began to receive threats from local police .
Review work , it is hoped , will begin early in the new year .
But given the lack of criticism of Mugabe 's misrule , some critics wonder , justifiably , whether the review process will ever tackle Africa 's most egregious blights -- misbegotten leadership and corruption .
Migration policy became more restrictive , as some big recipients of immigration began to debate selectivity in their choice of immigrants .
Suddenly , economists -LRB- especially in the United States -RRB- began to measure substantial productivity gains .
To begin with , the founders of Protestantism , Martin Luther and John Calvin , were , as Weber recognized , more hostile to the dynamic capitalistic world of the Renaissance than was the Catholic Church .
At the beginning of the current credit crunch , many historically minded people picked 1907 as the key precedent .
But so long as the anti-trust case remained a threat , IBM was nervous , and began to back away from its business model .
The EU , which has looked increasingly to the US model for competition law , began proceedings against Microsoft in 1993 .
The US started only after Microsoft 's victory in the browser wars , with a case beginning in 1998 .
Like previous eras of globalization , the late twentieth and early twenty-first century was characterized by a high pace of innovation , which produced a great deal of widely dispersed wealth and well-being , with the conquest of global poverty looking more feasible at the beginning of the twenty-first century than at any previous moment .
At the United States Federal Reserve , Paul Volcker engineered a sustained and successful process of disinflation beginning in 1979 .
When the strategy goes wrong , the recriminations begin .
Since it is an economic crisis , most people seeking its intellectual roots are tempted to begin with economists , who , with a few exceptions , look particularly discredited .
Over the course of a few decades , major city centers across the world began to resemble each other much more closely , with the same brands , designs , and lifestyles .
It began as a result of weakness in a specific sector -- residential mortgages -- after a bubble in home prices allowed many Americans to borrow massively , and often disastrously , against the putative value of their equity in order to finance purchases .
In retrospect , the 1970 's mark the end of an era dominated by mass production , and the beginning of the new consumer age .
The most obvious answer is that the shift to a service economy -- already well under way by the beginning of the new millennium -- will become more complete .
The crisis that began in 2007 originated in the sub-prime mortgage sector in the United States , and in US banks that were `` too big to fail , '' prompting many observers at the outset to predict the end of American financial capitalism .
The European Monetary System began as a high-level reaction to global currency chaos , and in particular to the depreciation of the dollar in 1977 and 1978 , which seemed to threaten its continued role as the major international reserve currency .
The process that began with the report of the Delors Committee in 1989 and led to the Maastricht Treaty in 1992 , the establishment of the euro in 1999 , and the introduction of the physical currency in 2002 was rooted in an attempt to devise mechanisms that would generate a more stable global exchange-rate regime .
Faced by uncertain re-election prospects , and worried about job losses , US President George W. Bush has begun to blame other countries , sending his Treasury Secretary to demand that they raise their exchange rates in order to make foreign goods more expensive for American consumers .
The financial crisis is over , but the age of general economic slowdown is only just beginning .
But , in fact , the depreciation of the dollar began well before the September 1985 meeting , and the meeting was limited in the sense that there was no discussion of monetary or interest-rate policy .
The debate about China 's artificially pegged exchange rate has led Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan and French President Nicolas Sarkozy to begin to believe that they , too , might try shaping exchange rates . Indeed , Sarkozy has promised to make the search for a `` better '' exchange-rate system a key part of France 's agenda when it chairs the G-20 next year .
It was only at this moment that real lending for new projects could really begin .
`` Totalitarianism '' began its conceptual life in 1923 as a criticism or parody by the liberal writer Giovanni Amendola of the megalomaniacal pretensions of Benito Mussolini 's new regime .
But in the 2000 's , the meaning of globalization shifted and began to take on a semi-positive note , in large part because it increasingly looked as if the major winners of globalization included many rapidly growing emerging markets .
Moreover , many former critics began to recognize global connectedness as a way of solving global problems such as climate change , economic crisis , and poverty .
Why not avoid seven years of misery , and begin some similar rescue operation now that could lead to a return to economic vigor and dynamism ?
DSK , too , began his tenure at the IMF as a politician-in-exile , after emerging as French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's most formidable domestic opponent .
The food issue emerged for the first time as a major theme at the July 2009 summit in L'Aquila , Italy , as a response to a commodity boom that was beginning to falter , but that has since reemerged with the force of a hurricane .
Rebekah Brooks , the editor of The News of the World at the beginning of the phone-hacking scandal , and subsequently the chief executive of News International , Murdoch 's British subsidiary , played precisely such a role .
Slovenia , which entered the eurozone in 2007 , and Slovakia , which joined at the beginning of 2009 -- just as the cresting financial crisis slammed shut the door to further euro enlargement -- have enjoyed much greater financial stability than their untied neighbors .
With the liberalization of global financial markets that began in the 1970 's , foreign sources of credit became available .
But in the second half of the 1990 's , this system began to unravel .
After that , the IMF began to encourage some countries to renegotiate debt rather than seek new money , at least if they were relatively small scale borrowers such as Ukraine or Pakistan and thus could not endanger the whole system .
Much of the world began to turn away from the American way of doing business . Europeans and Asians claimed with renewed vigor that their capitalist model involved a greater commitment to long-term values and a long-term vision .
At the beginning of the 21st century , family interests reasserted themselves in continental Europe in a surprising way , ousting managers who seemed to have become too Americanized .
When an irate British writer , E.E. Williams , wrote a protest entitled `` Made in Germany , '' he began by recording his discomfort that the pencil he was using was a German product as well .
Thanks to German manufacturers , pianos were no longer restricted to aristocratic salons or the professional middle class , but began appearing in respectable working-class homes .
The problem began in the late 1960 's and early 1970 's , when Iraq experienced a series of abysmal harvests .
Since the `` green revolution '' was beginning , Iraq imported `` wonder wheat '' from Mexico .
Some began feeding the grain to chickens or sheep and watched to see if there were any bad side effects .
At that point , it seems , most farmers began giving the grain to their livestock and eating it themselves .
Whether or not to `` disperse '' oil has been a key strategic question since combating spills began in earnest in the 1960 's .
Most OECD countries began to take tobacco control seriously in the last two decades , and have decreased male tobacco deaths since .
2008 began with devastating snowstorms that paralyzed most of central and southern China 's transport system , interrupting lives and causing severe material damage .
Calls to re-evaluate the official response began when President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao came to power seven years ago .
China Unbound Sydney -- The appointment of five provincial-level Chinese Communist Party chiefs in early December is a reminder that the ascension of China 's next generation of leaders , who will take power in 2012 , may be the most significant development in Chinese politics since Deng Xiaoping 's reign begin in 1978 .
Thus , the US urgently needs to begin making four serious changes .
The problem with this approach is that Medicare is not particularly generous to begin with .
There may be some temporary positive impact on demand , or higher interest rates could offset the entire fiscal push -- rates on the benchmark 10-year Treasury bond are up significantly from a month ago -LRB- from 3.21 % to 4.16 % -RRB- , when the discussion of tax cuts began in earnest .
It fell on hard times in recent decades and is only beginning to get its act together under new leadership .
I felt a prodigious , restless energy that I suspected he could not turn off if he wanted to . Soon after I began to recount my observations , he took me to a map of Vietnam and asked me to locate the areas of destruction .
As people wonder if the United States-NATO surge in Afghanistan which began last month will succeed , all of South Asia is asking even more troubling questions : Who runs Pakistan ?
To understand where Pakistan 's massive problems began , we need to look back to the country 's founding . At a press meeting on November 14 , 1946 , nine months before British India was partitioned into two countries , India and Pakistan , Jinnah was asked about the future of the communal situation in what would become Pakistan .
They have started to trace the evolutionary origins of pro-social sentiments such as empathy , and have begun to uncover the genes that dispose some individuals to senseless violence and others to acts of altruism , and the pathways in our brain that shape our ethical decisions .
And to understand how something works is also to begin to see ways to modify and even control it .
It is not as if people would suddenly begin to behave better if we just gave them more facts and statistics , or better arguments .
But it is better to begin the ethical discussion too early than too late .
While bureaucratic excess , entrenched corruption , and other inefficiencies beg remedy , the real challenge before India is its allegiance to a twentieth-century vision of modernity .
But the terrorist attacks on the US in September 2001 pressed Japan to recognize that it must begin to exercise greater autonomy and independent judgment in formulating and implementing its national security policies .
By revising the country 's National Defense Program Guideline -LRB- conventionally called an Outline -RRB- last December , Koizumi 's government began the process of clarifying some of these debilitating ambiguities .
But that 's because Bush did n't begin to address the issue that is looming ever larger in the region : the changing face of security in Asia in view of China 's growing economic and military might .
As in Asia , there is a pattern at work : growing Chinese influence begets increased support for Chinese policies .
The possibility that Southeast Asia 's governments might begin to play America and China off against each other is one of the concerns that most animates the latest US quadrennial defense review , which is intended to `` focus on the Pacific Ocean '' in awareness of China 's growing naval power .
Since the beginning of his travails in Bulgaria , he has battled the system by confronting the government branches responsible for his persecution .
Although I am a physicist , I began to study demography about15 years ago , in the belief that the key global problem was not so much the threat of nuclear annihilation as the dynamics of population growth .
The birthrate has increased somewhat beginning since 2000 , and now stands near 1.5 million a year , but this is 700,000-800 ,000 below the replacement rate .
Russia 's uniqueness stems instead from the high rate of early death among males , which is directly attributable to poor diet and high consumption of alcohol and tobacco , and , indirectly , to the stresses caused by the wrenching economic and political changes that began with Gorbachev 's perestroika 20 years ago .
Western Geopolitics : An Infantile Disorder Recent statements from some American leaders and NATO representatives give the impression that not only Islamic and other radicals , but also quite civilized figures , are losing their grasp of reality and have begun acting irrationally .
But , after a few euphoric years , the West began acting more and more like the Cold War 's winners .
At first , NATO 's new members were declared to have met both democratic and military criteria . Later , these criteria were abandoned when NATO began to invite even the most backward and corrupt states to join .
But debates about the role of nuclear weapons in the modern world , as well as in the future , are only beginning .
MOSCOW -- Over the past 18 months , Russia 's relations with Asia have begun to improve . Both President Dmitri Medvedev and Prime Minister Vladimir Putin have repeatedly pointed to the need for an economic turn to Asia .
Seven Years in Afghanistan KABUL -- We began a journey in Afghanistan seven years ago with the war that ousted the Taliban from power .
But an increasing number of women and girls from Burma have begun to tell of their experiences of rape and other forms of sexual violence in the country 's war-torn areas .
In 2005 , Argentina and Brazil were the first of the countries that previously denounced the IMF 's neo-liberal agenda to begin repaying their loans .
Instead , when Iraqi attack helicopters and elite troops began butchering their own people , coalition forces were ordered to stand down .
My fear is that he is either choosing to bleed the opposition to death , rather than invite global action with a broad massacre , or waiting for the world to prove itself unwilling to act -- at which point he might well begin killing civilians in large numbers .
The most important imprimatur should come from the United Nations , where debate should begin immediately over a resolution authorizing a no-fly zone .
During a president 's second term -- which Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has now begun -- the tensions inevitably emerge into public view .
But in the last 16 years it has begun to reap the fruits of genuine democratic competition , because an independent judiciary and electoral commission gives people confidence that their vote can make a difference .
In this vein , Brazil 's experience at promoting renewable fuels , beginning in the 1970 's , is directly relevant to today 's polarized views of industrial policy .
The microfinance industry began in the 1980 's in Bangladesh with the non-profit Grameen Bank and BRAC Bank .
Within a few years , as their loan books began to grow rapidly , Compartamos and SKS created for-profit businesses that were owned by their respective NGOs .
Soviet engineers began designing Sputnik in January 1956 .
In the late 1980s , these talkative `` liberal Soviets '' presented a stark contrast to the dour hard-liners of the Brezhnev era , as they incited -LRB- mostly inadvertently -RRB- the collapse of the Soviet empire and began the long transition to democracy .
After being begged to stay on , he did remain president , but as a virtual one-man government .
It was only after Mikhail Gorbachev summoned Yeltsin to Moscow in 1985 that he began to differentiate himself from dozens of other senior party apparatchiks .
The dirty tricks began in the midnight hours of August 11th , when Ukraine 's Central Election Commission -LRB- which is packed with Yanukovich placemen -RRB- refused to certify the largest opposition party , the bloc of former Prime Minister Yuliya Tymoshenko , to participate in the election .
In Russia , however , the KGB is famous for turning the tables in any struggle with the Kremlin apparat . So no one but Yeltsin and Berezovsky was surprised when Putin , their supposed marionette , began pulling the strings .
Had he anointed Ivanov now , Putin 's power would already begin seeping away .
China 's Triumph of the Will MOSCOW -- When the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympic Games begins in a few days , viewers will be presented with a minutely choreographed spectacle swathed in nationalist kitsch .
So it is no surprise that the Beijing Games may resemble the hubristic Games that beguiled the Führer and enthralled the German masses in 1936 .
The Bush administration 's incoherent foreign policy included a plan to build a missile defense shield in Poland and the Czech Republic , which allowed Putin to revive the Old Europe\/New Europe divisions that began with the Iraq war , with this split appearing to enhance Russian influence on the continent .
The fall began with an event that Putin perceived as a mighty triumph -- his blitzkrieg in August against Georgia .
Capital began to flee the country , which may not have mattered had the world economy not tanked in September .
Soon , the gulag was virtually emptied ; a political thaw began , spurring whispers of freedom that could not be contained . In Poland and Hungary , in particular , an underground tide burst forth demanding change .
Slowly , people who had not mingled for 44 years began to renew their ties and rediscover one another .
As I walked the street , people from both communities crowded around and began chanting , `` Solution now !
There the scourge began in earnest ; there -LRB- as elsewhere in Africa -RRB- it exacts its highest toll .
In Kampala , Dr. Mugyenyi has begun placing new patients on a waiting list .
GENEVA -- As the United Nations Conference on Disarmament begins a seven-week session in Geneva , its future is on the line .
Let our common agenda begin .
Second , the Security Council 's permanent members should begin discussions on security issues in the nuclear disarmament process .
We need new efforts to bring the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty into force , and for the Conference on Disarmament to begin negotiations on a fissile material treaty immediately , without preconditions .
The first has just begun . Not the global financial crisis , important as it is .
My Plan to Drop the Bomb NEW YORK -- The destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945 marked an end and a beginning . The close of the Second World War ushered in a Cold War , with a precarious peace based on the threat of mutually assured destruction .
My own five-point plan to achieve this goal begins with a call for the NPT Parties to pursue negotiations in good faith -- as required by the treaty -- on nuclear disarmament , either through a new convention or through a series of mutually reinforcing instruments backed by a credible system of verification . Disarmament must be reliably verified .
In Roman mythology , Janus was the god of gates , doorways , beginnings , and endings .
It offers beginnings and endings to the Caucasus , the Black Sea , the Balkans , and the Mediterranean .
Turkey 's Transatlantic Value WASHINGTON , DC -- The Turkey that German Chancellor Angela Merkel visits this week is a very different place from the Turkey that began European Union accession talks five years ago .
For , with those talks seemingly going nowhere , Turkey has begun to broaden its international horizons .
Moreover , the benefits of Turkey 's influence in its immediate neighborhood can be realized only if the EU proceeds in a more honest and robust way with the accession process , and if the US begins to treat Turkey as an indispensable partner in the region .
As the economies of the Czech Republic and other central and eastern European countries were rebuilt and began to grow again , emissions have naturally started to increase .
The policy change aimed at rectifying this grim reality in Serbia came when the Ministry agreed to apply country wide a pilot project that has , since 2003 , established a range of community-based support services to enable persons with intellectual disabilities to leave the institutions where they were confined and begin living lives in the wider world .
Central Europe 's Misguided War on Drugs WARSAW -- It was two decades ago this summer that communist rule began to implode from Tallinn in the Baltic to Tirana in the Adriatic , ushering in free elections , market reforms , and expanded civil liberties .
In 2011 we may begin to see whether those incentives lead China 's rulers to re-appraise their diplomatic conduct , which has left them with only the corrupt , basket case economies of Burma and North Korea as reliable friends in Asia .
This is the only prudent stance for South Korea to adopt when face-to-face negotiations with the North begin on February 8 .
Some believe that North Korea has begun displaying its growing nuclear threat in order to secure the succession to power of Kim Jong-un , Kim Jong-il 's rotund , twenty-something youngest son .
TOKYO -- Just before the fourth trilateral summit between Japan , China , and South Korea began on May 21 , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao , South Korean President Lee Myung-bak , and Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan jointly visited the areas affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake , offering encouragement to the disaster 's victims living in evacuation centers .
Construction of a fourth nuclear power plant , which began in 1999 , was suspended by DPP President Chen Shui-bian the following year .
One is the beginning of the end of the nearly decade-long struggle in Afghanistan -- the longest war in United States history -- with President Barack Obama announcing the withdrawal of 30,000 US troops from the country by next summer .
America 's friends and allies need to think hard about what sort of regional order they want , and they must begin to collaborate in order to breathe life into a structure of peace within which all of Asia can prosper and feel secure .
What happens in Afghanistan as America begins to draw down its troops will test the willingness of all of Asia 's powers to work together to build a secure regional order .
In November , US President Barack Obama can begin to redress this imbalance when he hosts the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in his native state of Hawaii .
The government not only freed Suu Kyi after two decades of house arrest , but has even begun a dialogue with her -- talks for which the meticulous opposition leader has expressed real hope .
Indeed , President Thein Sein 's government has begun to release thousands of political prisoners , including the monk who led the massive street protests of 2007 .
In Hawaii , Obama and the other assembled Asian leaders -- particularly the Chinese -- must begin to choose between these two Asian futures .
But many Japanese were dumbfounded to learn that their finance minister began to grapple with the basic principles of economics only after assuming office .
TOKYO -- On May 1 , the Shanghai Expo began , illuminated by a huge fireworks display . The festivities will continue until the end of October .
Indeed , when Admiral Timothy J. Keating , the commander of the United States Navy 's Pacific fleet , visited China in 2007 , a high-ranking Chinese naval officer proposed that the two countries demarcate a `` zone of control '' at Hawaii , defining the limits of US naval influence and the beginning of China 's maritime sphere .
With the DPJ now doing the same thing , the Japanese public is flabbergasted , and people are beginning to ask if there is something rotten in their political system .
After marrying Chang Song-taek , she began living something of a hedonistic life herself , but she scrutinized her husband 's conduct minutely , flying into a jealous rage over the slightest signs of infidelity .
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak has wisely begun to prepare for that contingency by proposing a special `` Unification Tax '' to help pay the costs of the Kim dynasty 's eventual disintegration .
Such a commission , with senior European members , could examine the key issues in the region , visit all countries and players and develop a set of recommendations for a new transatlantic approach to begin in early January 2009 when a new U.S president is in place .
Now , almost 90 years after the demise of the Ottoman Empire , 50 years after the end of colonialism , and eight years after the Iraq War began , the revolutionary protests in Cairo suggest that another shift may well be underway .
That summit marks the moment to begin fulfilling President Putin 's call to subordinate foreign policy to Russia 's economic interests .
The crude oil price already has dropped substantially from its highs at the beginning of the year .
Therefore it can not be dull for long periods because people will then begin to doubt democracy itself .
As the odds for the Buzek government being re-elected receded because of public dissatisfaction with it , stealing , treachery , and corruption began to run amuck .
Witness the French Third and Fourth Republics , Italy 's First Republic , Weimar Germany , and Argentina before Juan Peron : weakness begets cynicism which begets passivity .
Only with the Second Vatican Council did things begin to change in the Church , and the impact of John Paul II was immense .
The debate the Pope began on the relationship between the free market and moral problems remains unfinished .
The public reaction began with a demonstration in Seoul on May 2 in which hundreds of teenagers held a candlelight vigil .
Even harder to gauge was what it would take for the disaffected to say `` enough is enough '' and begin challenging their regime openly , defiantly , and in concert .
The internal fighting in Palestine began in part as a result of the political impasse caused after Israel and the international community imposed an economic embargo on the Palestinian Authority .
With unemployment rising , income dropping to record low levels , and internal tensions escalating , fighting between supporters of Hamas and Fatah began .
Attempts to reconcile the parties began in Gaza , before moving to Cairo , Damascus , and finally Mecca under the supervision of Saudi King Abdullah , whose country has been a financial backer of the Palestinians for decades .
In January , for example , Israelis began using its monopoly on fuel supplies to punish Palestinians , a decision condemned the following month by Human Rights Watch .
In the aftermath of Israel 's assault on Gaza , Palestinians hoped that Israel would choose a leader who would focus on the need to end the suffering , lift the siege , and begin rebuilding .
But it is now clear to historians that Richard Nixon was determined to make his overture to China from the moment he began his presidency .
Otherwise , tension looms in the Israeli-American relationship , and calls for one state with equal rights for all will begin to drown out older ideological visions , as settlement activity forecloses the prospect of two states .
When former United States Secretary of State James Baker began his shuttle diplomacy for peace , his ultimately unsuccessful efforts actually resulted in more settlements , with a new one started just hours before he was due to arrive for talks .
Palestinians are caught in a Catch-22 : if they insist on a settlement freeze , Israel preemptively begins to build new settlements .
In 2002 , he was arrested and sentenced to a long prison term on charges that he led the Second Intifada , which had begun two years earlier , and ordered some of its military attacks .
RAMALLAH -- Palestinians and Israelis have different and possibly contradictory expectations from the indirect negotiations that the United States has pushed both sides into beginning .
The Netanyahu government has refused to agree to any such clear reference point before talks begin .
Obama 's Cairo speech , delivered on one of his first foreign trips , promised a new US-Arab beginning , and certainly invigorated Arab democrats .
A more positive view of Obama emerged when the Arab revolts began in Tunisia and Egypt -- countries with pro-US regimes .
After gaining Security Council support , the US , Europe , and some Arab countries began doing exactly what should be expected of the international community when a government is preparing to butcher its own citizens : prevent the slaughter .
Obama 's efforts to rekindle the Middle East peace process began with Israel 's refusal to carry out a temporary settlement freeze .
At that point , the international community would be obliged to begin acting against any party that was denying Palestine the right to behave as a fully functional and sovereign state .
Only when elected representatives deal with the day-to-day issues that face their people can they begin to tackle external negotiations .
More than 170 Palestinians have died since the violence began in June .
Given that both conflicts were triggered by the kidnapping of Israeli soldiers to be traded for Arab prisoners , Israel must now realize that holding Arabs indefinitely in prison can only beget violence .
Israel 's National Security Advisor , Giora Eiland , appears to have recognized this even before the violence began .
So , as Al Jazeera moves into media adolescence , it must begin to think about how it can become a social pioneer in the Arab and Islamic world .
The sub-period from 1868-1900 saw the beginning of industrialization and India 's partial integration into the world economy under the Raj .
But the demographic explosion that began in the 1920 's had by now driven the rate of population growth up to 3 % per year , so that annual per capita income grew by only 1.5 % .
People thrusting their hands through the taxi window , begging .
There is no better place to begin than with countries refusing to join the UNEP Convention or kowtow to its ban on DDT use .
Hu 's unbridled glorification of `` Mao Zedong Thought , '' coupled with his suppression of dissent in the media , has begun not only to reveal a true authoritarian , but also to belie the wishful thinking of liberals , both inside and outside China , who hoped that Hu would be a reform-minded leader .
But Hu 's administration invariably slams on the brakes whenever their `` put-people-first '' initiatives begin to threaten one-party rule .
They began to foster and incite splits and confrontations .
As a result , India has quietly begun to strengthen its military ties to countries in the region , particularly Tajikistan , where it has a small base .
But , given falling demand for gas , Russia had already begun renegotiating contracts in Europe and giving customers discounts .
While it is too early to predict the final outcomes , several important regional implications are already beginning to emerge .
Iranian officials had to shift gears quickly once their own population began to call for the same democratic rights , suggesting that Iran could face stronger pressures for democracy and political change over the medium and long run .
Many Turks have begun to see things the same way .
But , in transforming Turkey , Ataturk did not begin entirely from scratch .
The process of Westernization and modernization had begun in the late nineteenth century under the Ottomans during the period of the Tanzimat .
Likewise , country risk for Brazil diminished after it floated the Real at the beginning of 1999 .
The level of poverty -- more visible with Bolivia 's urbanization -- is enormous , but it was worse before modernization efforts began .
Exports are yet to begin , but the threat of the resource curse is already present .
A decline in extreme poverty and inequality , and the creation of trustworthy institutions , can be achieved in the country 's beguiled by caudillismo only if the caudillo loses control of the wealth that sustains his rule .
Morales was born into a peasant household on the Andean altiplano and later established himself in Chapare at the beginning of the coca boom .
The first problem is that Swedish mainstream hostility to the State of Israel has clearly begun to cross the line into outright anti-Semitism .
The greatest risk of death is at the beginning of life : three-quarters of all neonatal deaths -LRB- three million -RRB- occur within one week of birth , and at least one million babies die on their first day of life , many at home without any formal healthcare .
Studying science should begin with physics , not biology .
Moreover , physics begins with everyday phenomena requiring few new words -LRB- as opposed to conventional ninth-grade biology -RRB- : motion , velocity , acceleration , falling objects , a sense of gravity as a force , and some new concepts , e.g. mass , momentum , and energy , but with crisp definitions .
There is almost universal joy as students begin to grasp the whole picture .
Indeed , the environmental movement -- like most modern social movements -- began in the US .
In Carson 's wake , the `` Woodstock '' generation of the 1960 's , with its Earth Days , soon began to organize a broad campaign , which saw , in April 1970 , around 20 million Americans take to the street to defend the environment .
Now , however , due to the surge in crude oil prices , even Bush has had to begin to consider alternative energy sources , and it wo n't be possible to limit these to nuclear power or ethanol , which is so popular among farmers , a key Bush constituency .
So reducing CO2 and other greenhouse gas emissions must begin as quickly as possible .
This bank would also ensure that emissions trading did not run counter to the goal of remaining within the entire global budget , for example via the complete sale of unused emissions credits by individual developing countries at the beginning of the contract period .
At the same time , major shifts began occurring in the Third World , and accelerated in the post-war decades : independence in India , liberation in China , decolonization in Asia and Africa , nation building and industrialization in Latin America .
When I began , in my teens , to meet with German contemporaries , there was an initial reticence and discomfort .
Next year , she will expand the hut , and will eventually apply for land and begin to build a brick house .
Younger journalists have thus been exposed to Western journalistic ideas from the very beginning .
A process of deregulation and privatization , although with continued tax-financing -LRB- in fact , basically a voucher system -RRB- , began in the field of `` human services , '' in particular for childcare , education , and old-age care .
Twice in the twentieth century , the omnipotent Russian state was dramatically weakened : at the beginning , when the Russian Empire collapsed , and at the end , when the USSR ceased to exist .
With current tests , it is impossible to verify that a patient has been infected with SARS until several weeks after symptoms begin .
So , three decades after the Cultural Revolution ended , the national self-examination that China requires has not yet begun .
The diaspora listened -- the beginning and the secret of the reforms that put China on the path to its current economic success .
People began taking matters into their own hands by attending rallies , signing petitions , and donating to political parties and activist groups in unprecedented numbers .
The exchange will undertake a study this summer , with trading to begin as early as 2008 .
We do n't hear that the Wilkins glacier makes up less than 0.01 % of Antarctica . Nor do we hear that the Antarctic is experiencing record sea ice coverage since satellite measurements began .
The insurance company Lloyds of London has now begun to fret that the absence of natural disasters is putting a squeeze on its premiums .
The US and Britain have begun to tout this message .
For the world , this trend has been more decisive : maximum ACE was reached in 1994 , and has plummeted for the past three years , while hurricanes around the world have for the past year been about as inactive as at any time since records began being kept .
Gradually , confidence grew , and financial markets began to function again .
As opportunities appeared , we began to re-privatize assets , and within a few years Securum was closed .
This dilemma has begun to have a negative effect on the countries that lie between Russia and the EU .
This process will occur as the two parties start to identify priority areas for interaction , beginning with oil and gas , as well as military-technical and aerospace cooperation .
A war strategy that deliberately begins the way that most wars end , with a street-fighting defense of the capital city , is certainly original .
Even in `` heroic '' Stalingrad , the workers ' militia collapsed at the battle 's beginning .
But as soon as the IDF was fully mobilized and the reservist brigades that make up nine-tenths of its strength were ready to deploy for battle , the Israelis stopped both the Egyptian and Syrian armies in their tracks and began their own advance almost immediately .
Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
And his arrest seems to be just the beginning .
As in the Bible story , when Peter and John said to a beggar , `` rise up and walk , '' Africans are called upon to walk away from ignorance , inertia , apathy , and fatalism .
In addition to reducing debt , Chile used its additional revenues to increase the resources of two fiscal funds : when the recession began , there were more than $ 22 billion in assets in both funds .
But around the fifteenth century , the learned in Islam began to curb scientific study .
They began to study religion alone , insisting that only those who study religion -- particularly Islamic jurisprudence -- gain merit in the afterlife .
The result was intellectual regression at the very moment that Europe began embracing scientific and mathematical knowledge .
And so , as Muslims were intellectually regressing , Europeans began their renaissance , developing improved ways of meeting their needs , including the manufacture of weapons that eventually allowed them to dominate the world .
The NDP appears to believe that democratization must begin with changing the political culture and instilling democratic values .
But such innovation does not always begin at home , which is why city governments need to know about potentially applicable ideas and lessons from other cities and countries .
This national dialogue , held under security measures that have basically shut down central Beirut , began March 2 and is expected to last up to ten days .
In Liberia 's capital city of Monrovia last month , young men began to riot because full funding was not yet in place for the UN 's disarmament program .
In the United States , deforestation began as soon as the colonies were settled .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Hosni Mubarak 's resignation as President of Egypt marks the beginning of an important stage in that country 's transition to a new political system .
Understanding any country 's democratic prospects must begin with a definition of democracy , which is a hybrid form of government , a fusion of two different political traditions .
My long road of immaturity began more than half a century ago .
Illness and therapy began at the same time .
Here on the Upper West Side , in the middle of a triangle formed by Central Park , Lincoln Center , and the Hudson River , I was once in the habit of beginning each day with an exotic act of devotion , a ritual of humility .
It also means a gradual and beneficial cohabitation that began immediately after WWII as a common effort to help out the defeated countries and enhance their chances for democracy and prosperity .
While admission to the European Union appeared to draw a line under the post-communist period -LRB- at least in Central and Eastern Europe -RRB- , the rupture of 1989 did not mark the beginning of an era of perfect cooperation by the people and for the people .
But Afghanistan can not begin to solve its many problems until it criminalizes the privatized violence of this antiquated code .
As a former US military intelligence interrogator , I am convinced that the images from Abu Ghraib are just the beginning .
An interrogation , we were instructed , should begin with polite , direct questioning , because a certain number of detainees simply want to unburden themselves .
Baffled by that conclusion , the Congressmen began asking one question relentlessly : if the existing PLA missiles did not constitute a `` buildup , '' then what number of missiles would ?
The bulk of claims for the subsidy come from northern Italy , which is usually considered less prone to tax evasion to begin with .
This process might also explain why , although many reward systems have proven successful at the beginning , their benefits quickly fade .
The new era began suddenly in January 1915 , when , after a few months of deep uncertainty , gold started to be shipped to New York in increasing quantities .
Starting in 1990 , the US began to import more and more capital , particularly from Asia .
Africa 's demographic burdens began to lighten in the 1990 's , thanks to gradual reduction in fertility rates and continued urbanization .
Some nations and regions are beginning to develop research agendas that respond to these five challenges .
With the accession of 10 new states in 2004 and another two at the beginning of 2007 , the Union 's membership now spans central and eastern Europe .
Mombasa 's anguish , economic as well as in terms of security , may have only just begun .
They could begin that long process by taking the following steps :
Here the AU should look to Europe , which began its process of unification with a mere six highly committed members .
The imbalanced relationship between France and its former African colonies would beggar belief if the psychology of Africa 's `` liberators '' 50 years ago were overlooked .
Instead of having their peoples begin to manufacture their own goods , these rulers chose to import them from Europe in exchange for their own subjects -- or the subjects of neighboring rulers -- whom they exported as slaves .
The mayhem began to abate only when Gbagbo was removed from power and taken prisoner after French and UN ground troops , armored vehicles , and helicopters bombarded the presidential palace where he was guarded by forces that remained loyal to him .
Still , the Jubilee campaign 's street protests began a healthy debate about the lending arrangements of the IMF\/World Bank .
Their fecklessness and recklessness are what convince much of the world that Africans can do nothing but dance , slaughter each other , and beg .
But consider Argentina , which suffered a deep four-year depression , beginning in 1998 .
In the current climate of anxiety and uncertainty , policymakers must ensure strong communication and coordination , avoid beggar-thy-neighbor policies , and guard against protectionism .
The turmoil has led to a gradual rebalancing , with the US current-account deficit beginning to narrow and emerging markets taking steps to boost domestic demand .
The recognition of the brain 's vulnerability and plasticity under stress began with investigations of the hippocampus , and it now includes the amygdala , a brain region involved in fear , anxiety , and mood , and the prefrontal cortex , which is important in decision making , memory , and top-down control of impulsive behavior , as well as regulation of the autonomic nervous system and stress hormone axis .
During the 1990 's , many adult psychotherapy patients began to recall having been sexually abused during childhood .
Suspicions about such problems -- especially about drug-induced suicidal behavior and sensitization to depression -- have been rumbling for years , but searching scientific investigations have only just begun .
United by the Internet , many thousands of patients from all over the world began to describe experiences with anti-depressant drugs and problems brought on by withdrawal that bore little resemblance to the labels ' warnings .
A sharp and ill-considered reduction of the civil service began .
Slowly , the state began to be reformed in a more thoughtful way .
In the beginning , the authority given to these new posts was somewhat overstated in order to make their powers effective .
But no other ideology was offered , and the crisis -- the slow rot of the system that became clear during the era of stagnation under Leonid Brezhnev -- that began with Khrushchev 's speech lasted another 30 years , until Mikhail Gorbachev took up his mantle of change .
But the October Revolution also has its apologists , for whom it marked the beginning of a new era in history , a breakthrough to freedom from a world of slavery and oppression , a salvation for Russia and Europe , and a source of hope for Asia and Africa .
Masses of documents and other sources related to the beginnings of Soviet power became accessible for survey and analysis .
Indeed , transplant ethics has been on a slippery slope almost since transplants began .
Until recently , we have not done much about the black market -LRB- the 2008 Declaration of Istanbul marks the beginning of a determined struggle against this market -RRB- , but we banned altruistic directed donations by living non-relatives out of fear that they would become that legal loophole .
The starting point for the EU 's unhappy bid to create a shared constitution had been fears that its decision-making mechanisms were being overloaded by the accession of so many new members , first in May 2004 and again at the beginning of this year .
Back in the 1990 's , EU officials , prompted by Spain , Italy , and France , began to shape a Mediterranean strategy to stimulate trade and investment in the Arab world .
The focus has been on Europe 's response to the events that began in Tunisia and have since led to the fall of Egypt 's President Hosni Mubarak , unrest in Bahrain and Yemen , and now civil conflict in Libya .
Yet it is ludicrous to think that Euroskeptics represent a silent majority that could rise up and destroy the EU . Popular support for the European project has barely faltered over the last 25 years , and has even begun to strengthen of late .
At the beginning of the 1980 's , when Europe was faltering and the media catchword was `` Eurosclerosis , '' 50 % of people polled for the Eurobarometer surveys viewed membership as positive for their country . About 19 % said its effects were negative , and the rest did n't know .
This uncertainty is beginning to focus attention on the fundamental question of whether the EU can continue to choose its leaders in such a strange and furtive manner .
Even before the clouds of recession began to gather , Euroskepticism was on the rise , with the Commission blamed , rightly or wrongly , for the EU 's failure `` to reach out to the citizen . ''
That will be a matter of opinion until the recession begins to abate ; the truth is that we do n't yet know whether this crisis will be a snowball that grows layer by layer or an avalanche that sweeps away entire industries .
Most importantly , the political determination needed to begin long overdue social-welfare and labor-market reforms is weak in both countries .
So , with Baghdad 's fall , Schröder began to send conciliatory signals to Washington and London .
Both sides have much to offer , so we should pool the best proposals available and begin implementing them together .
Another , perhaps bigger storm , has yet to begin .
This past January , China , alongside Russia , vetoed a Security Council resolution that condemned Burma 's human rights record and called on the government to stop attacks on ethnic minorities , release political prisoners , and begin a transition towards national reconciliation and democracy .
NEW YORK -- The world 's economies are becoming more interdependent than ever , but economic nationalism , protectionism , and beggar-thy-neighbor attitudes are threatening the bonds of trust and cooperation that a truly globalized economy requires .
The point was driven home at the 7th Asia-Europe Meeting -LRB- ASEM -RRB- in Beijing this autumn , where European and Asian leaders began exploring ideas for a new global financial structure .
But it is not too late for President Mahinda Rajapaksa 's government to change course and begin to build a truly multi-ethnic society .
In May , Hungarian reformers began tearing down the fence along their border with Austria -- a hole in the Iron Curtain .
As Havel finished , a light snow began to fall and , as if on cue , his listeners took their places . One by one , in single-file , hand in hand , they began to march toward Wenceslas Square , more than a mile and a half away , following a rickety horse-drawn cart bedecked with the wings of angels .
It began in mid-December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border .
Other reports credited him with subsequently organizing both their trial and a firing squad -- even before the legal proceedings began .
They should begin by imagining what would happen if the child of a genetically modified human wanted to become an elite athlete .
What is happening in Poland , the country where communism 's downfall began ?
If a hunt for agents had been organized in 1990 when the democratic revolution began , neither Leszek Balcerowicz 's economic reforms nor the establishment of a state governed by law would have been possible .
Three months later , the Velvet Revolution began in Prague .
ROME -- Ever since financial markets began to stabilize late last year , the idea of making the financial sector pay for the costs incurred by taxpayers to keep it afloat has gained increasing support among policymakers and the wider public .
In order to begin addressing these deficiencies , `` The IAEA 's work involves building countries ' capacity for radiation medicine .
The new gene-splicing techniques have yielded many important new research tools and commercial products , and have only begun to change the way we do biological research and to increase the choices available to farmers , food producers , physicians , and consumers .
A recent New York Times editorial , for example , decried wealthy countries ' `` me first '' attitude toward a possible H5N1 pandemic , because '' -LRB- t -RRB- he best hope of stopping a pandemic , or at least buying time to respond , is to improve surveillance and health practices in East Africa and Asia , where one would probably begin . ''
Although ring prophylaxis might work in Minneapolis , Toronto , or Zurich , in the parts of the world where flu pandemics begin , the probability of success approaches zero .
Officials in that region warned the government on December 16 of a surge in bird deaths , but it took 12 days for an investigation to begin .
If the pandemic were to begin relatively soon -- say , within a year or two -- there would be little that could be done to attenuate significantly the first wave of infections .
The Venter lab 's achievement builds on similar work that began decades ago . In 1967 , a research group from Stanford Medical School and Caltech demonstrated the infectiousness of the genome of a bacterial virus called ??174 , whose DNA had been synthesized with an enzyme using the intact viral DNA as a template , or blueprint .
Recently , however , systematic scientific studies of acupuncture 's effects in such treatment has begun . Almost all trials on acupuncture as a treatment for stroke conducted within China have been positive .
For the answer to how to develop an economy , we need look no further than those economies that have developed : begin with a great deal of indigenous initiative , support it with concerted state intervention , and reinforce it with the appropriate importation of external help .
But , as the marginal productivity gains from such investment began to fall , senior managers ' survival and compensation continued to be tied to stock-market performance .
To begin , we asked Iraqis to reflect on the fall of Saddam : Was Iraq better off without him ?
The presidency of Mohammad Khatami , an avowed reformer , who served eight years , beginning in 1997 , convinced the Supreme Leader that his authority would be assured only if the presidency was held by a subservient fundamentalist such as the current president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Generally , Ahmadinejad begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdi 's immediate return .
All these developments subtly indicate a deep trend that can be formalized in one sentence : America 's unipolar moment , which began in 1991 with the collapse of the Soviet Empire , is over .
China at the beginning of the twenty-first century is not Bismarck 's newly unified Germany in the second half of the nineteenth century .
Now a second campaign begins .
Domestically , an ambitious and difficult program of long-awaited reforms , which a majority of French citizens recognize are inevitable , has begun , with some early results in the field of labor law and education .
The moment young people became tempted to join Obama 's quiet revolution was also the moment the doors of Wall Street began closing on them .
Europe 's Obama Challenge PARIS -- Will the year 2009 and the beginning of Barack Obama 's presidency mark the beginning of a new era in transatlantic relations , or will the old divisions linger , nurtured by the depth and gravity of the economic crisis ?
At the beginning of the twenty-first century , when dialogue with the Islamic world is one of the Western world 's key challenges , Europe would commit a historic strategic blunder if it were to close its doors to Turkey .
Today , the mood is much grimmer , with references to 1929 and 1931 beginning to abound , even if some governments continue to behave as if the crisis was more classical than exceptional .
What was at the beginning of this spring no more than `` a glimmer of hope , '' to use Obama 's phrase , has become a more serious and positive trend .
Since the other 21 EU members never liked the idea of a Club of Six to begin with , it is just as well that such a vision has been buried , probably forever .
From 1957 to 1976 , from the beginning of Mao 's `` Great Leap Forward '' which led to a mass famine that killed tens of millions of people , to the end of the `` Cultural Revolution '' which left Chinese society divided and traumatized due to its wanton cruelty and the destruction of cultural goods , China endured two hideous decades .
Even in Washington , where I arrived at the beginning of the tournament , I was greeted at the airport by television screens showing the game .
`` One Europe '' will be the rallying-call of the Danish Presidency of the EU , which begins this week .
Raúl Castro Reaches Out BRASILIA -- Raúl Castro has begun a gradual process of changing Cuba 's economy and international relations .
Only with foreign investment and economic liberalization -- a process that has already begun in some measure -- can Cuba hope to offer its 11.2 million people more consumer goods and comfort , improve the social welfare system , and rehabilitate the country 's infrastructure .
At the beginning of December , party members and supporters voted overwhelmingly in favor of the treaty .
The proportion of new outlays devoted to energy conservation and reduction have been cut almost in half , just when reforms in the price structure of energy use were beginning to kick in . Some measures aimed at redistributing the energy load -- such as solar and wind power -- have been retained .
Indeed , their contribution to rising levels of CO2 in the atmosphere is beginning to overshadow the other problems .
Cyberspace has been inundated with tweets and Facebook posts since the uprising began .
Before the protests began in Egypt and Tunisia , many people argued that there was no real urgency to political reform , and that those who were calling for change did not understand the public mood -- things were n't as bad as the dissidents made them out to be .
Maritain accepted the Pope 's verdict and began a remarkable ideological journey toward democracy .
More importantly , he began to recast some of Aristotle 's teachings and medieval natural law doctrines to arrive at a conception of human rights .
While still emphasizing family values and traditional morality , they lost the whiff of incense that had clung to the Christian Democratic parties at the beginning of the century -- by the 1970 's , they even began to stress that one did n't have to be a believer to join .
True , the left-liberal pacifist milieu that in the old Federal Republic disproportionately influenced published opinion with its political pieties disappeared during the 1990 's ; but today 's more `` normal '' Germany did not begin forgetting the Nazi past and reasserting itself as a Great Power .
A look at the historical experience of the Jews shows that while most Jews were mired in poverty at the beginning of the twentieth century , over time they tended to do disproportionately well in societies that allowed them to compete on an equal basis .
The new initiative calls for all member states to harmonize their economic , fiscal , and monetary policies completely , beginning with currency convertibility and followed by exchange-rate unification and , finally , a common currency .
The US and West European countries began shepherding Kosovo 's new Albanian authorities toward statehood .
The Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty review conference will begin the work of adapting the NPT to our rapidly changing world .
To begin with , the capacity to dismantle and destroy nuclear warheads is limited , and likely to remain so .
Only then could they be banned and their total elimination begin .
This eclectic group of jurists will begin , in the first week of July , an unusual experiment in international justice .
About a month before the election , the government began to shut down the political space it had opened .
The government also began to harass opposition parties , especially in rural areas .
Things began to change in the 1980 's with the fall of military dictatorships in Latin America and in such East Asian countries as the Philippines and South Korea , and with the growing number of people engaged in the struggle for human rights in the Soviet empire .
The US plan for war crimes trials covers violations committed before the current conflict began .
In its wake , China began a systematic effort to buttress the former Soviet countries ' independence by offering them huge aid packages .
China 's government has apparently begun to appreciate the limitations of cover-ups and stonewalling , and perhaps also the merits of allowing some room for free speech .
In fact , perhaps Ukraine , too , is beginning to suffer its own form of revolutionary hangover .
Ugly debates about religion and science usually seem to be confined to the United States . In recent months , however , such debates have begun to spread -- first to Europe and then around the world .
Europe began its own American-style debate on the origins of life when Cardinal Christoph Schönborn of Vienna cast doubt on the acceptability of Darwinism and evolutionary theory to people who see themselves as faithful Roman Catholics .
Parents can tell many a tale about how , with the beginning of school , their children 's playful approach suddenly changes , as they must now focus on objects dictated by the curriculum .
By soliciting questions from children that have little place in the formal educational system , the audience is led to experience the research process -- which often begins precisely by asking the right kind of question .
`` The battle for brainpower , '' as The Economist recently put it , has begun .
VIENNA -- On June 29 , the European Commission will present its budget proposal for the next multi-year period , which begins in 2014 .
But several trends are discernible in the intense discussion that has already begun , both within the European Commission and among the various stakeholders ,
The frenzied campaigning for the constitutional referendum began in uproar .
· beginning a dialogue on tactical nuclear weapons involving Russia , the US , and NATO ;
Lately , several national leaders , including the Russian and US presidents and NATO secretary-general , have embraced the idea of a Euro-Atlantic security community , and begun stressing the importance of fashioning a stronger and more inclusive European security order .
With assistance from IFAD 's multi-donor Financing Facility for Remittances , Fonkoze purchased satellite phones and diesel generators in 2007 , and began delivering remittance services in rural areas where basic infrastructure is often weak or lacking .
These are just the latest sources of concern in a turbulent period that began two years ago when food shortages hit many countries in Africa and Asia due to a worldwide spike in prices .
The story would ordinarily be a mere curiosity . But , ever since Suleman hit the news stream , dozens of media outlets have begun to report , with a kind of obsessive revulsion , on her every move .
But many educators have begun to argue that such intervention in what may be a hardwired aspect of `` boy-ness '' can lead to boys ' academic underperformance relative to girls , and to more frequent diagnoses of behavioral problems , attention deficit disorder , and so on .
And education is just the beginning .
The Ayatollahs ' Tipping Point SOUTHAMPTON , ENGLAND -- Once the crowds were in the streets in Tehran , one could , if one knew the script , begin the countdown : if today there are mass protests , tomorrow there will be threats of retaliation in the name of `` national security . ''
Time and again , when mass street protest has been sustained for more than a week or two , a regime -- even one that has begun beating and arresting protesters -- eventually finds it practically and psychologically difficult to sustain its hold .
What a real revolution it would be if the Western democracies did indeed begin to frame their foreign policies with human rights and democratic processes as their benchmark .
While President Barack Obama has released a few prisoners , notably the Chinese Uighurs , and sent another for a real trial in New York City , he is now , chillingly , signalling that he is about to begin `` preventive detention , '' which would empower him to hold forever an unspecified number of prisoners without charges or trials .
Finally there is Rana Husseini herself -- a role model for investigative reporters everywhere who began documenting and investigating honor killings in her newspaper , The Jordan Times .
After she began her series of reports , Husseini received death threats at her office almost daily -- as well as hundreds of letters of support from readers .
It is to be hoped that Taylor 's departure heralds the beginning of a new African era , in which Africa 's rulers stop protecting the continent 's dictators because they would rather incur the wrath of faceless citizens than expel a dictator from among their ranks .
The smart response at the beginning is , ` What do you think ? ' and then listen before you articulate your vision . ''
Only then will she be able to begin the job of repairing America 's tattered reputation by shoring up its neglected public diplomacy .
The tone at the beginning of the second Bush administration is different .
So , while improvement in India-China relations is welcome , it is unlikely to herald the beginning of an India-China alliance against the US .
The failure of the June EU summit and the bitter clashes between Tony Blair and Jacques Chirac have even inspired some to proclaim the beginning of the end for Europe .
Once the original six core countries began to expand to include northern , southern , and , most recently , eastern European countries , the old federal vision was doomed .
The floodwaters will recede in New Orleans and reconstruction will begin .
Although the Soviet Union restricted and censored Western films , those that made it through had devastating political effects . As one Soviet journalist commented after a restricted showing of films that were critical of American nuclear weapons policies , `` They absolutely shocked us ... We began to understand that the same thing would happen to us as to them in a nuclear war . ''
Asia 's resurgence began with Japan 's economic success .
Russia began 2006 by cutting off natural gas exports to Ukraine after its government refused to pay a fourfold increase in the subsidized price .
The crisis in Ukraine , many of whose Soviet-era industries depend on cheap Russian gas , soon spread to Europe , which consumes 80 % of Russian gas exports , when Ukraine began to divert gas from the pipeline that crosses its territory .
Like a hole in a dam , once pent-up pressure began to escape , it widened the opening and tore apart the system .
In addition , the huge Soviet defense budget began to undermine other aspects of Soviet society .
The good news is that Rumsfeld is beginning to realize that the struggle against terrorism can not be won by hard military power alone .
China is a long way from posing the kind of challenge to American preponderance that the Kaiser 's Germany posed when it surpassed Britain at the beginning of the twentieth century .
Fortunately , the pendulum has begun to swing back toward cooperation .
In fact , French-American relations have already begun to improve , as both sides realized that their pubic dispute was damaging their interests .
The exit of some of the most strident neo-conservatives in the Bush administration over the past year has also helped , and with growing opposition to the Iraq War , some Americans are beginning to think that the French may have had a point after all .
America and Global Public Goods America is currently transfixed with the problem it has created for itself in Iraq , but the presidential candidates are also beginning to ask what principles should guide United States foreign policy after Iraq .
Welcoming the rise of Chinese power in terms of that country 's becoming a `` responsible stakeholder '' is an invitation to begin such a dialogue .
More importantly , with the end of the Cold War , the Soviet Union was no longer available as an Indian ally , and the US began to assess India and Pakistan in terms of separate interests , rather than as a pair linked in a South Asia balance of power .
And so India really has the capacity , and , we think , the interest , to work with the United States and other partners on a variety of issues of global and regional scope . '' This change began under the Clinton administration and is likely to continue regardless of who is elected president in 2008 .
In addition , India 's economy has begun to grow by 8 % annually , making it more attractive for foreign investment .
The psychiatrist Arnold M. Ludwig , for example , argues that just as male monkeys , chimps , or apes automatically begin to assume more responsibility for their particular community once they attain the dominant status of alpha male , human rulers do so as well .
According to the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- , Iran began enriching uranium at a pilot centrifuge plant last August , and is constructing larger underground enrichment facilities .
If Iran did this , it would not only add to the dangers in an unstable region , but would likely begin a process of unravelling the non-proliferation regime worldwide .
The Climate of Security CAMBRIDGE -- While George W. Bush has begun to acknowledge the risks of global climate change , his administration failed to lead on the issue for eight years .
United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki Moon argued in 2007 that the Darfur conflict `` began as an ecological crisis , arising in part from climate change . ''
At the beginning of the campaign , many observers predicted that Iraq would be the major issue in 2008 . Instead , it is the financial crisis .
An article in The Far Eastern Economic Review proclaims that `` Wall Street 's crack-up presages a global tectonic shift : the beginning of the decline of American power . ''
In his first weeks in office , he began to fulfill his campaign promises by outlining a massive economic stimulus plan , ordering the closure of the Guantánamo Bay prison , promoting new fuel-efficiency standards to save energy , giving an interview to Al Arabiya , and sending a top emissary to the Middle East .
CAMBRIDGE -- The world economy will shrink this year for the first time since 1945 , and some economists worry that the current crisis could spell the beginning of the end of globalization .
In the 1930 's , such `` beggar-thy-neighbor '' policies worsened the situation .
At the beginning of the twenty-first century , 32 million US residents -LRB- 11.5 % of the population -RRB- were foreign-born .
At the beginning of the 21st century , these two forces increased American power , particularly the ability to influence others through attractive , or what I call `` soft '' power .
Indeed , at the beginning of the twentieth century , such efforts failed and Korea became a colony of Japan .
As a result , South Korea is beginning to design a foreign policy that will allow it to play a larger role in the international institutions and networks that will be essential to global governance .
But , as Barack Obama said in accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 , `` we must begin by acknowledging the hard truth that we will not eradicate violent conflict in our lifetimes .
Metaphorically , military power provides a degree of security that is to political and economic order as oxygen is to breathing : little noticed until it begins to become scarce .
Whatever the concerns regarding the recent events related to the Dalai Lama and Taiwan , it is important to note that the deterioration in US-Chinese relations began beforehand .
But , as America 's savings rate begins to rise , China 's export-led growth model , which has promoted employment in China at the cost of global trade imbalances , may no longer be possible .
Fears of default began to affect other countries , such as Portugal and Spain , among the 16 members of the eurozone .
For example , after the 2008 financial crisis , while the US pressed China to let its currency appreciate , officials at China 's central bank began arguing that America needed to increase its savings , reduce its deficits , and move toward supplementing the dollar 's role as a reserve currency with IMF-issued special drawing rights .
Yet , as China gradually increases domestic consumption rather than relying on exports as its engine of economic growth , its leaders may begin to feel less dependent than they now are on access to the US market as a source of job creation , which is crucial for internal political stability .
After that , however , the Soviet growth rate and share of global output began a long decline .
Subsequently , the G-8 began the practice of inviting five guests from the emerging economies .
After it withdrew from a restraining agreement negotiated by the Clinton administration in 1994 , it expelled International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors and began reprocessing spent fuel that could produce another six bombs ' worth of plutonium .
Fifty-four years after the announcement of the Schuman Plan that began to knit together the economies of France and Germany , the EU now has 25 countries and a population larger than that of the United States .
Asia 's recovery began with Japan , then moved to South Korea and on to Southeast Asia , beginning with Singapore and Malaysia .
The US economy is still ranked near the top in competitiveness by the World Economic Forum , and the political system , in its own messy way , has slowly begun to wrestle with the necessary changes .
As US President Barack Obama said when accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 , `` We must begin by acknowledging the hard truth that we will not eradicate violent conflict in our lifetimes .
Clinton also began to improve relations with India , a strategy that has enjoyed bipartisan support in the US .
For example , China began pressing territorial claims in the South China Sea , as well as escalating a longstanding border dispute with India .
Freedom House , a non-governmental organization , listed 86 free countries at the beginning of the Bush years , a total that increased slightly , to 89 , by the end of his term .
MAYNOOTH , IRELAND -- As the Greek financial drama reaches its sorry dénouement , another crisis looms for the European project -- this time in Germany , beginning with a case now before Germany 's Constitutional Court .
The Court will begin hearing the case on July 5 .
High prices encourage more mining , but they do n't begin to cover the cost to human health -- and to the earth itself .
At the time , there were 245 such trust companies , which had such a poor record of repayment that overseas investors were beginning to shun China entirely .
But when I was ten , the second intifada began .
Spokesmen for the sect , which began as a fringe Islamic revivalist movement in 2002 , say that their mission is to replace the secular state in northern Nigeria with a theocracy based on Sharia law .
When Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo made his surprise announcement on 13 January to begin a nationwide dialogue to discuss constitutional reform , he was bowing to the inevitable .
China made a dramatic entry into the picture last April , when Nigerian officials announced that China National Offshore Oil Corporation -LRB- CNOOC -RRB- had bought a 45 % stake in a Nigerian oil field for more than $ 2 billion . That field will pump 225,000 barrels per day when it begins production in 2008 .
Although American officials had said that the United States would not support Obasanjo if the election were flawed , it was an open secret long before polling began that the PDP would manipulate the outcome to remain in power .
Buhari , the ANPP candidate , has asked the National Assembly to begin impeachment proceedings against Obasanjo .
In January 2006 , the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta -LRB- MEND -RRB- , a violent organization led by angry Delta youth , began to attack oil installations and the soldiers guarding them .
As the INEC proceeded to implement an elaborate device to check potential vote riggers , he stood his ground and backed Jega , even as hawks within his party began to mutter that Jega was a `` dangerous radical '' whom the president should sack .
Many are beginning to fear that American weapons will only serve to fuel Uzbek ambitions .
Economic growth during the Putin years , combined with the defeat of Georgia -- which was regarded in Russia as the beginning of a great political comeback -- provided the confidence needed to embrace efforts to re-model the transatlantic security architecture .
The opportunity in Copenhagen is to begin shaping some of the new collective-action models upon which we can build the post-carbon economy .
Appeasing Serbia This month has been a bad one for the cause of human rights in Europe , as Serbia was allowed to begin its six-month presidency of the Council of Europe , the Continent 's oldest political body .
The reinternment , organized by Hungary 's anti-communist opposition on the 31st anniversary of his execution , drew more than 100,000 attendees , heralding the beginning of the end of the country 's sclerotic regime .
Lukashenko 's only alternative to losing sovereignty to Russia , and thus risking the wrath of his nationalist base , is to go begging to the IMF .
The real trouble begins when one thinks that the hammer might be the right solution for headaches , too .
With Clinton in Beijing , the time is now to begin sketching out a common US-Chinese future in a deliberate and thoughtful way .
China should take up Clinton 's call for collaboration on climate change , which could possibly become a paradigm-shifting issue in Sino-US relations , much as the united front against the Soviet Union did in 1972 , when Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger went to China to begin normalizing relations .
Although they are accustomed to experiencing the US as a dominant , often censuring `` great power , '' the reality now is that the US is beginning not only a new presidential administration , but a whole chapter in its history .
Walking through the square the other evening , I found myself thinking back to when I first began following China 's amazing odyssey .
When I first began studying China at Harvard a half-century ago , China 's leaders trumpeted the superiority of their socialist command economy , which controlled every aspect of life .
As Deng Xiaoping began to encourage individual incentives over the next several decades -- embodied in such slogans as , `` To Get Rich Is Glorious '' -- I watched with wonder and amazement as China 's private economy began to rise from the ashes of Mao 's revolution .
More and more scientists are beginning to suspect that global warming has caused the radically changed patterns of precipitation now seen across China .
It is hardly surprising , then , that Chinese officials have begun to seek more diverse and profitable investment possibilities worldwide .
If American officials do not begin to recognize the realities of today 's globalized world , the US may unwittingly -LRB- and self-destructively -RRB- find itself cut off from the kinds of new foreign investment flows that are sorely needed to revitalize its manufacturing and infrastructure sectors .
This year , as the American-led effort to mediate a Middle East peace settlement began to falter , Turkey took up the job of mediator in both the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the conflict between Syria and Israel .
President Gul 's visit does mark a watershed -- either as a failure to make history , or as the beginning of a new era .
Here , a vital step would be for the West to begin to envisage Iran as a potential alternative supplier of gas , by offering to link Iran to the proposed White Stream and Nabucco pipelines that are currently under development to bring Central Asian gas to Europe .
These steps led to the European Commission 's recent recommendation to begin accession negotiations with Turkey .
Thus have Knessets been comprised from Israel 's beginning : the messier the merrier . Never before , however , have the major parties stalemated so neatly .
Indeed , unlike the DP 's leader , Adnan Menderes , who was brutally executed following a sham military trial , the AKP 's Recep Tayyip Erdo?an , who will now begin his third term as Prime Minister , appears to have secured democratic political control of Turkey 's military and bureaucracy .
Turkey 's latest transformation began with the severe economic , political , and social turmoil of 2001 , which then-Prime Minister Bülent Ecevit called a `` crisis of the Turkish state . ''
Its overvaluation began with the Mexican peso crisis of 1994 , and was officially enshrined by the `` strong dollar '' policy adopted after the East Asian financial crisis of 1997 .
The coordinated rate cut now undertaken by the world 's major central banks begins the process of policy catch-up , but further cuts are needed .
Motor City Meltdown WASHINGTON , DC -- The financial crisis that began in 2007 has been persistently marked by muddled thinking and haphazard policymaking .
Lastly , conservatives have trotted out the old moral hazard story in order to argue that a bailout would turn American manufacturing into a permanent beggar of government funds .
China must exercise the foresight needed to begin paying this debt now , when it is manageable , rather than allowing it to accumulate and , ultimately , threaten to bankrupt us all .
The talks mark the continuation of the `` Corfu Process , '' anchored in the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , which began with an informal ministerial meeting on Corfu in June .
To strengthen Russia 's political influence over Georgia 's separatist regions , Gazprom , without taking the trouble to ask for permission from Georgia 's democratically elected leaders , has begun constructing a gas pipeline connecting Russia and South Ossetia directly .
A distinctively British brand of Islam is beginning to emerge , just as France , Germany , the Netherlands , and Spain are producing their own forms of Islam .
For us the battle for press freedom began in 1999 , soon after founding our newspaper , then named Oragir -LRB- Diary -RRB- .
They began to do so only ten days later , when the fire brigade stated that the fire was likely the result of an explosion incited by `` outside interference . ''
But I have begun to wonder whether it will really be possible to achieve peace on this basis .
Instead of starting at the beginning of his presidency , with all those dodgy Florida voting machines , and plodding on to the bitterly unpopular end , he intends to concentrate on the 20 most consequential decisions he made in the White House .
Things turned out very different . Vietnam proved to be the end not the beginning of the line .
Industrial output soared to 40 times its level at the beginning of the twentieth century .
The family sacrificed everything . They were hit by round after round of Mao 's tyrannical campaigns against `` Rightists , '' beginning with the silencing of critics after the Hundred Flowers Movement in 1956 .
She saw in the 1990 's the beginning of China 's economic ascent -- the early years of spectacular growth .
The economic turnaround began under the leadership of Deng Xiaoping , who had survived Mao 's purges to follow in his footsteps and become the architect of China 's rise as a world power .
At the very least , we could set out our own policy , beginning with an effort to end the fragmentation of Palestine and Palestinians between the West Bank , Gaza , and East Jerusalem .
And , to be fair , Nitish Kumar , the chief minister of Bihar , a poor state that previously was a byword for corruption and incompetence , has shown what can be done by beginning a serious transformation of his state in just five years .
So the new government has no alternative but to begin the long haul of restoring the nation 's finances to the black .
For all the gloom with which 2010 ended , the new decade has begun with a glorious example of the indefatigable courage of the human spirit .
Third , it was excellent that in Paris Sarkozy began the process of bringing Syria in out of the diplomatic cold .
The election is too important to all of us to begin and end with her .
That would be the best backdrop to establishing tougher surveillance and monitoring , beginning to engage with Iran , and searching for a way to involve India and Pakistan in a global nuclear agreement .
Musharraf is now desperate to beg , steal , or borrow any political legitimacy he can get -- including from the two civilian political leaders he exiled .
The two civilian leaders may soon begin vying with each other to see who can claim to be more anti-Musharraf .
If the G-20 is to be effective as a development instrument , it should begin to tackle the single most important financial flow that Africa and other low-income regions will attract in this new decade .
In fact , the fate of this group is perhaps the best example of how individual identities of the new member states are beginning to assert themselves now that membership in the EU and NATO are secured .
Iran 's leaders should begin by shunning hostile rhetoric .
It would certainly help if Iran began the talks with a commitment to end its enrichment of uranium to the level of 20 % . Even Iranian officials admit that there is no -LRB- civilian -RRB- purpose for such a program if the 20 % enriched fuel rods for the TRR are actually produced in Russia .
Some say the bar to a good economy is the Continent 's inflated welfare state and the solution is retrenchment , beginning with raising retirement ages .
Economic recovery needs to begin as soon as possible , not only because this is essential to maintaining political and social stability , but also because donors are unwilling to support economic reconstruction unless countries do their part to create an environment conducive to ensuring its sustainability .
The obvious place to begin would be to point to the aforementioned satellite images , but then our skeptical interlocutor could reasonably ask if you know how those images were obtained .
Whether Socrates ' humility was sincere or a secret joke at the expense of the powers that be -LRB- before said powers put him to death after tiring of his irreverence -RRB- , the point is that the beginning of wisdom lies in the recognition of how little we really know .
There is hope : next year , the Kenyan authorities will begin testing maize varieties that they hope will provide high yields and prove more resistant to drought .
MOSCOW -- The Russian authorities have recently begun showing off the massive security measures being implemented ahead of the 2014 Winter Olympics in the Black Sea resort of Sochi .
But importing well-designed laws from outside a country 's borders did n't begin with communism 's fall .
The Europeans have begun to assemble the bricks for a new building , but without having agreed on its size and design .
Whether deliberately or not , regulators seem to have missed their chance to implement serious changes to the rules of global finance , and governments are now so weakened that they are at the mercy of those who , not long ago , were begging them for help .
But everyone can not have a weak currency at the same time , so , in 1944 , responsibility for preventing beggar-thy-neighbor depreciation was assigned to the International Monetary Fund , whose Articles of Agreement mandate it to `` exercise firm surveillance over the exchange-rate policies '' of member countries .
But fixed exchange rates often lead to undervaluation -LRB- as in China -RRB- or overvaluation -LRB- as in Argentina at the beginning of the 2000 's , and , in a different context , several eurozone countries now -RRB- .
The US Federal Reserve argues , with some justification , that its quantitative easing is compatible with price stability , while Europe and several emerging countries deem it beggar-thy-neighbor behavior .
Affirmative action , or `` positive discrimination , '' as some have called these policies , began with university admissions .
As a result , ethnicity began to be weighed as a positive factor not only in university admissions , but also in public procurement decisions , credit facilities for small enterprises , and government hiring .
There has been clear progress on integration , as financial institutions across Europe have begun to realize the benefits of economies of scale .
Banks have begun to de-centralize essential functions , re-locating market and treasury operations , liquidity and capital management , and risk management , for example , in different countries .
We should begin our reforms in the most conservative way , by rediscovering and rededicating ourselves to the meaning of the title we professors hold .
Rather than choose among all these current meanings , we might begin by returning to the word from which they all evolved , the Middle English `` professen , '' to take vows .
The voices of neglected swaths of the electorate , particularly in the rural north and northeast of the country , began to count .
Yet before a new round of reforms is to begin , some basic principles about Russia 's political capacities must be understood .
First , although a once-in-a-century event is as likely to occur at the beginning of the century as at any other time , it is much less likely to occur in the first decade of the century than later .
Earlier in the day , we 'd witnessed a hundred capuchin and squirrel monkeys rush down from the Amazon jungle canopy and were now relaxing beside Lake Chalalan while her cousin , a shaman , blessed coca leaves as the evening 's traditional drumming and dancing began .
To demonstrate that it is wrong to associate Islam with terrorism , the OIC might begin to compile statistics on the religious affiliations of those who engage in terrorism .
The task of remedying it must begin at the meeting on climate change that will be held in Copenhagen in December .
Hasnain made his remark to the New Scientist in 1999 , only five years after the retreat had reached its peak and only two to three years after the slowdown began -- far too soon to say that the trend had changed . The IPCC 's use of his remark may have been rash , but was not misleading because in 2003-2004 , the year before it finalized its fourth report , the changed trend would have been barely perceptible
What the 2009 report for the Indian Ministry of Forests and Environment actually says is that the average retreat of glaciers , approximately five meters per year since the 1840 's , when records began to be kept , accelerated sharply between the 1950 's and 1990 's .
Another consortium began to build multi-billion dollar oil and gas pipelines from Azerbaijan through Georgia to Turkey and the West .
But over the past 18 months , the specter of Weimar has once again begun to haunt Russia .
And they go in the wrong direction : in recent years , the sun has been at its dimmest since satellite measurements began in the 1970 's .
In many places , that has begun to change .
This is what makes today 's beggar-thy-neighbor policies so destructive : though some countries will eventually have to absorb the surpluses and capital , each country is trying to avoid them .
It is in this kind of world that seemingly nonsensical behavior like growing grain in the desert to ensure food security begins to make sense .
This is all the more important because leaders in both the US and Europe are beginning to pander to the anti-globalization movement .
This requires a lifestyle change -- one that governments should begin encouraging employers and workers to embrace .
A country torn by sectarian violence beginning in 1975 , Lebanon pitted an even more complex array of contestants against each other than Iraq does today .
Whichever way it goes -- even if Chávez really is recovering as quickly as he would have us believe -- talk in Venezuela about the post-Chávez era has already begun .
Certainly , we are all beginning to realize how precarious that process is -- how easily market mechanisms can be rolled back by cultural resentments stemming from economic exploitation , political oppression , and social injustice .
The G-8 countries ' agreement last year to a debt write-off for the 18 poorest states -- 16 in Africa and two in Latin America -- is a splendid , but insufficient , beginning .
During this time of tension , an increasingly self-confident South Korea began to chart a course independent of its American patron .
The initial phase of this grand ambition , a free-trade area -LRB- FTA -RRB- between ASEAN and China , began in 2004 and should be completed by 2010 .
North and South Korea must begin the work of reconciliation and community-building on their own initiative , as France and Germany did in 1952 .
But some of its supporters began venting their anger on the streets .
Should Musharraf 's government backslide even more on its commitments to restore parliamentary democracy , Pakistan 's crisis would not only be exacerbated , but it might begin to infect the wider region .
Indeed , it was at last year 's Boao Forum that Chinese President Hu Jintao began to express public optimism about the positive trends in Mainland China-Taiwan relations .
For , if Asia is to begin to build the type of dense institutional infrastructure that has brought Europe peace and prosperity , the flashpoint between China and Taiwan will need to be transformed into a foundation stone of regional cooperation .
The modern sense of building a pan-Asian community began with the traumatic East Asian financial and economic crisis of 1997 , when all the countries of the Asia-Pacific region learned the hard way that national reforms and protections could turn out to be woefully inadequate .
Realizing that economics can not be neatly separated from politics , APEC soon began to include security issues in its agenda .
Among the political tasks these broader groups are beginning to broach are strategies to defeat terrorism without alienating the region 's large , indigenous Muslim population .
Once these political shifts begin , APEC can begin to transform itself into an Asia-Pacific Community for Economic Cooperation and Security . The strategic test will be for regional organizations -- such as APEC -- to ensure that the spirit of cooperation always outweighs the member states ' competitive impulses .
Now is the time for China , the Philippines , Vietnam , other claimants , and the US to take action to begin to diminish these tensions .
Asia 's governments must also begin to adhere to a far more expansive idea of open regionalism , which means that countries like India should have a voice in Asia\/Pacific affairs , and they must respect the Asian interests of countries beyond the region .
Joint exploration and development of the resources within and beneath the archipelago could then begin .
As an intellectual , Tajbakhsh can not expect the world 's celebrities to beg Iran 's government for his release .
We will finish a process that began almost ten years ago at another Summit in Copenhagen .
EU enlargement marks the beginning of a new era .
The third question relates to Turkey , with which accession negotiations have not yet begun .
Institutions and governments , like people , make bold resolutions at the beginning of every year .
Funders and policymakers who keep up with the relevant research are slowly beginning to introduce more talking therapies -LRB- such as cognitive therapy and trauma-focused counseling -RRB- , more alternatives to hospitalization , more culturally appropriate services , more family-focused therapy and , most importantly , more genuine consultation with service users about what actually works .
These policies should allow Colombia 's economy to grow -- barely -- this year , but only as long as the world economy begins to stabilize before the end of the first quarter .
But , buoyed by government bailout money , guarantees , and low interest rates , many banks have again begun to pay their top managers huge bonuses while fighting vigorously against reforms designed to restrain their risk-taking and compensation .
If employment began rising at this rate in 2010 , it would take until 2015 before it reached its pre-recession level .
The story began in 1994 , when Proctor purchased a bag of beans in Mexico .
First , China will begin to wean itself from the manufacturing model that has underpinned export - and investment-led growth .
Moreover , Sarkozy is seeking to intensify cooperation for development in the whole Mediterranean area . He began with a presidential trip to Algiers , then to Tripoli , followed by ministerial trips to Beirut .
The case of Spain -- where a competent and respected government is bearing the full brunt of a financial crisis that began elsewhere -- is identical .
Everywhere , the share of wages and incomes began to fall as a proportion of GDP .
In less than two years , this will become a reality for Bulgaria and Romania , while negotiations are beginning with Croatia and Turkey .
The French people still have time to pull themselves together -- and opinion polls suggest that they are beginning to do it .
One could trace its beginnings to the 1970 's , when recycled petrodollars fueled large capital inflows to developing nations .
Hirschman 's interests shifted away from economic development over the course of his illustrious career . But when he was still involved in development debates , he would frequently remind his contemporaries that any country that had the capacity to undertake comprehensive programs would not be underdeveloped to begin with .
The right responses will ensure that the world economy can begin to recover by late 2009 . Poor policy choices , on the other hand , will at best delay recovery and at worst do permanent damage .
This began to change as societies became more democratic and labor unions and other groups mobilized against capitalism 's perceived abuses .
Without recourse to the economist 's toolkit , we can not even begin to make sense of the current crisis .
And , when some of the IMF 's largest debtors -LRB- Brazil and Argentina -RRB- began to prepay their debts a few years ago with no new borrowers in sight , it looked like the final nail in the coffin had been struck .
It shrank its budgets and began to downsize , and , while it was handed some new responsibilities in the meantime -- surveillance over `` currency manipulation , '' in particular -- its deliberations proved largely irrelevant .
That is what happened in the second half of the 1990 's , as the IMF began to preach capital-account liberalization , applied over-stringent fiscal remedies during the Asian financial crisis , and single-handedly tried to reshape Asian economies . The institution has since acknowledged its errors in all these areas .
It is time that finance skeptics began to take over .
Indeed , China 's current-account imbalance , which had remained moderate until the current decade , began its inexorable rise in 2001 -- precisely when the country joined the WTO .
But once the political franchise was enlarged , the working class got organized , and mass politics became the norm , domestic economic objectives began to compete with -LRB- and overwhelm -RRB- external rules and constraints .
And of course , the converse is also true : India has been democratic since independence in 1947 , yet the country did n't begin to escape of its low `` Hindu rate of growth '' until the early 1980 's .
To grasp the conventional view 's deficiencies , begin with the problem of technology adoption .
Inspired by Friedman 's ideas , Ronald Reagan , Margaret Thatcher , and many other government leaders began to dismantle the government restrictions and regulations that had been built up over the preceding decades .
When the government began to loosen restrictions on raw cashew exports in the late 1980s , workers and employers in these factories took a big hit .
Though some countries have fixed their court systems , streamlined their tax administrations , and begun to get a handle on corruption , the impact on financial markets has been uneven .
But the similarity between the two types of crisis ends where preventing their recurrence begins .
As the New Year begins , the US continues to race ahead of its rich-country counterparts .
We would do well to recall how , at the beginning of the 1990 's , book after book was still being written urging US and European corporations to imitate Japan or face certain doom .
But another major factor contributing to Japan 's decline was that firms elsewhere began adopting Japanese methods , such as just-in-time supply chains .
The unwinding of the US economy might even begin in 2006 , particularly if Japan continues to grow out of its doldrums , the US housing market softens dramatically , and Europe 's economic recovery accelerates .
Volatility in Asia began to fall only after the financial crisis of the late 1990 's .
Certainly the timing was bad : global stock prices began to collapse a few months later , and it took years for them to fully recover .
But it is time to go further and begin to lobby aggressively for faster financial liberalization in the developing world .
Some drug researchers predict that with continuing advances in understanding the human genome , doctors may eventually be able to predict illnesses 15-20 years in advance , and begin prophylactic treatment immediately .
For starters , the roof is starting to collapse on the global housing bubble , as housing markets begin to freeze up not only in the United States , but also in many other countries , such as high-flying Spain .
It would be unfortunate if the finance ministers merely sit around and beg Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke and European Central Bank head Jean-Claude Trichet to rescue them with rate cuts .
I beg to differ ; my reading of the evidence suggests that donors really do need to take extreme care not to make things worse , and that this is far more difficult to achieve in corrupt countries than the UN suggests .
Perhaps the administration worries that it can not simultaneously beg for lower dollar oil prices and help promote a weaker dollar .
Since the beginning of this decade , at least a few economists -LRB- including me -RRB- have warned that the global trade and current-account imbalances needed to be reined in to reduce the chance of a severe financial crisis .
Yes , there is still a real risk of hitting an iceberg , beginning perhaps with a default in the Baltics , with panic first spreading to Austria and some Nordic countries .
At the same time , computer programs began to exploit huge databases of games between grandmaster -LRB- the highest title in chess -RRB- , using results from the human games to extrapolate what moves have the highest chances of success .
Does the IMF 's arrival in Europe signal the beginning of the end of the region 's staggering debt woes ?
One reason , of course , is that the financial system takes time to heal -- and thus for credit to begin flowing properly again .
Latin America 's rebirth and modern growth dynamic really only began to unfold after the 1987 `` Brady plan '' orchestrated massive debt write-downs across the region .
Critics insist that QE is the beginning of the end of the global financial system , if not of civilization itself .
Let 's begin with why the euro needs to fall .
It may well be that such painful deviations from agreed principles will be reflected in an eventual comprehensive settlement , but prejudging these issues before the beginning of negotiations denies the Palestinians some of their most important bargaining chips .
Chávez at Bay SÃO PAULO -- The recent opposition victories in Venezuela 's municipal and state elections , together with the international financial crisis , have begun to set limits on the powers of President Hugo Chávez for the first time in the decade he has been in power .
Ríos Montt 's latest political battle began when he sought to contest the upcoming presidential election .
If Ríos Montt faces trial instead of another reign as ruler , perhaps Guatemalans -- and the wider world -- will begin to see the power of the truth .
Brazil 's diplomatic efforts with Iran -- a country suspected of developing nuclear energy for military purposes -- began at a meeting last year between President Barack Obama and Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva during the G8 +5 summit in L'Aquila , Italy .
But Brazil insisted on the path of dialogue and began talking with other stakeholders in the Iranian question , such as Turkey , whose foreign minister , Ahmet Davutoglu , recently staked out a similar position .
But Brazil 's government has also begun to criticize , albeit weakly , Iran 's performance on human rights .
At first , Lula minimized the seriousness of the incidents that occurred after Ahmadinejad 's re-election and went so far as to compare them to a dispute between football fanatics . This led to a clash with Sarkozy when Lula visited Paris soon after Iran 's post-election crisis began .
There is now also the beginning of a hard landing in emerging markets as the recession in advanced economies , falling commodity prices , and capital flight take their toll on growth .
Is the recovery in stock prices another bear-market rally or the beginning of a bullish trend ?
Indeed , rating-agency downgrades , a widening of sovereign spreads , and failed public-debt auctions in countries like the United Kingdom , Greece , Ireland , and Spain provided a stark reminder last year that unless advanced economies begin to put their fiscal houses in order , investors , bond-market vigilantes , and rating agencies may turn from friend to foe .
This is easy to show : in the United States , the euro zone , and the United Kingdom , spreads between Libor interest rates -LRB- at which banks lend to each other -RRB- and central bank interest rates -- as well as government bonds -- are extremely high , and have grown since the crisis began .
The Fed 's 25-basis-point cut in December was puny relative to what is needed ; similar cuts by the Bank of England and Bank of Canada do not even begin to address the increase in nominal and real borrowing rates that the sharp rise in Libor rates has induced .
The year began with rising food , oil , and commodity prices , giving rise to the specter of high inflation .
Moreover , commercial real estate is beginning to follow the downward trend in residential real estate .
Now that a recession is underway , US and global stock markets are beginning to fall : in a typical US recession , the S&P 500 index falls by an average of 28 % as corporate revenues and profits sink .
With Italy too big to fail , too big to save , and now at the point of no return , the endgame for the eurozone has begun .
Emerging markets were initially tied to this distress only when foreign investors began pulling out their money .
Unfortunately , the coalition 's neglect of forensic issues reflects its wider failure to devise any strategy to address issues concerning the rule of law and justice , or any central body with the authority to begin building the necessary institutions .
After all , atrocities -- including the Srebrenica massacre -- continued after the ICTY began operating .
The younger generation of indigenous West Bank Palestinians , whose leaders began political activity in the uprising of the late 1970 's , embraces a militant strategy that views the hardliners as burned-out old fogies , enervated by corruption .
Arafat 's death may well mark the beginning of that process , but the transition to a new Palestinian leadership could take years , and there is no assurance that it will be a moderate one .
The report begins by joking that Egypt 's name should be changed to `` Fasadistan , '' the land of corruption .
While al-Qaeda and extremist movements have used this forum for many years , further poisoning the Muslim public 's view of the West , we in the West have barely even begun to compete .
But we have begun to adapt .
Government public affairs and public diplomacy efforts are slowly beginning to reorient staffing , schedules , and bureaucratic culture to engage the full range of today 's media .
And , indeed , within two years of taking power , Sadat expelled the Soviets from Egypt and began to build a friendship with the US that , despite challenges and periodic differences , has proven important and valuable ever since .
The creation of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria , together with US President George W. Bush 's recent proposal to add $ 10 billion in funds to fight HIV\/AIDS , mean that the financial weapons needed to wage the fight against this epidemic are beginning to arrive .
At risk is the emerging diversity of opinion and reporting that has begun to invigorate the region 's traditionally staid and monopolistic media industry .
If organizations like Rotary International can help African farmers to get a 50 kilogram bag of appropriate fertilizer and a 10 kilogram tin of improved seeds , the rise in farm output could be enough to relieve extreme hunger and help farm households begin to earn some income .
Gasification of coal allows for the removal of dangerous pollutants , and coal can already be converted to gasoline at low cost ; a South African company is beginning to bring that technology to China on a large scale .
Many factors contribute to this disarray , beginning with the shocking inability of the US , Europe , and the international organizations to understand things from the perspective of poor and displaced people .
When such aid is made available quickly , former soldiers will return to their farms , and can establish a livelihood by the beginning of the first growing season following the end of hostilities .
The Bank 's failures began in the early 1980 's , when , under the ideological sway of President Ronald Reagan and Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , it tried to get Africa and other poor regions to cut back or close down government investments and services .
The most recent debacle began when President George W. Bush called for Palestinian democracy in 2004 , but then refused to honor the democratic process .
The US and Israel believed that they could force Hamas into submission even before negotiations with the new government began .
The number of cases worldwide each year is now in the hundreds , compared to many tens of thousands when the campaign began .
Today , Bush has begun to acknowledge the serious risks of climate change , though his administration has still failed to put forward any realistic proposals to reduce the rate of human-induced climate change .
First , we should take seriously the need for a new climate-change accord when global negotiations begin in Bali , Indonesia this December .
A more peaceful world will be possible only when Americans and others begin to see things through the eyes of their supposed enemies , and realize that today 's conflicts , having resulted from desperation and despair , can be solved through economic development rather than war .
Then the trouble began .
Independent observers from the European Union and elsewhere began to report serious irregularities in the Kibaki strongholds , where opposition party representatives were denied access to polling sites .
Instead , Kibaki disdainfully appointed 18 key cabinet members even as `` mediation '' from abroad was about to begin .
All of this began to happen in the US .
Once they peak and begin to decline , lending conditions tighten , and banks find themselves repossessing houses whose value does not cover the value of the debt .
Banks began to slow their new lending , and defaults on mortgages began to rise .
Not only do these farmers then feed their families , but they also can begin to earn market income and to save for the future .
A year after the 1992 treaty , President Bill Clinton tried to pass an energy tax that would have helped the US to begin reducing its dependence on fossil fuels .
And how can they begin to contribute to the revival of basic economic life ?
This two-speed global economy largely reflects the fact that the 2008 financial crisis began with over-borrowing by the rich countries themselves .
The periphery of the European Union -- Ireland , Portugal , Spain , and Greece -- also began a borrowing binge a decade ago , upon joining the euro , fueling a real-estate boom that likewise went bust .
Their answer was straightforward : the crisis began with US over-borrowing , so it is America 's responsibility , not theirs , to clean up the mess .
They fear , rightly , that sooner or later everyone else will begin demanding that the budget deficit be closed in part by raising taxes on the rich .
Their leaders in Congress are already declaring that they will slash public spending in order to begin reducing the deficit .
With their backs against the wall , I predict , poor and working-class Americans will begin to agitate for social justice .
When the rains fail there , wars begin .
A new regional partnership is starting to take hold , beginning with the affected communities and their national governments .
I wrote The Price of Civilization out of the conviction that the US government has failed to understand and respond to the challenges of globalization ever since it began to impact America 's economy in the 1970 's .
After three years in which his administration coddled corporate lobbyists , he has finally begun to emphasize the need for the rich to pay more taxes .
Perhaps more parts of the world -- and especially the world 's young people -- are beginning to recognize this new reality .
Then the war itself began with the so-called `` shock and awe '' bombing of Baghdad -- a made-for-TV live spectacle aimed at ensuring high ratings for the US-led invasion .
A bubble begins with some fundamental good news -LRB- like Japan 's manufacturing prowess in the 1980s or America 's internet advances of the 1990s -RRB- that becomes exaggerated beyond recognition .
The new Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis , and Malaria , which was initiated by U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan earlier this year and will begin operation in 2002 , can be a critical mechanism here .
History 's most famous stock market crash followed by an economic collapse began in 1929 .
Since there was no deposit insurance in the US at that time , bank depositors panicked when some banks began to fail .
It should begin with the most urgent task - meeting the basic needs of the world 's poorest peoples .
Of course , recriminations also began immediately , with Israelis and Palestinians each accusing the other of deliberately destroying the peace process .
This implies that if Iraq increased its oil exports by one million barrels a day -- which it could quickly achieve with a cessation of attacks on its infrastructure -- it would have around $ 10 billion per year in additional revenues to begin reconstruction .
The export\/GNP ratio has risen from 8 % in 1990 to 13 % in 2001 , a sign that Brazil is beginning to seek out world markets .
It was Singh , serving in mid-1991 as India 's Finance Minister , who began India 's market reforms .
In late October , the British medical journal Lancet published a study of civilian deaths in Iraq since the US-led invasion began .
Another New York Times story -LRB- November 12 -RRB- , citing `` military officials , '' dutifully reported that , `` Since the assault began on Monday , about 600 rebels have been killed , along with 18 American and 5 Iraqi soldiers . ''
In 2005 , we can begin to change direction .
2005 is the year that words can become reality , and that the world can begin to fulfill its hopes for our new millennium .
Only when the annual rains begin in the summer does water reappear in the river bed .
The commitment began 44 years ago , in 1961 , when the United Nations General Assembly adopted the objective that foreign assistance should increase significantly , `` so as to reach as soon as possible approximately 1 % of the combined national incomes of the economically advanced countries . ''
Only after being re-elected did they begin to explain that large budget deficits , caused mainly by lower tax revenues , would require sharp cuts in social security , health care spending , and other areas .
With the Republican-controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that America 's budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
When Bush asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year -- including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits -- world financiers expected that Bush would get his way , or most of it .
Leadership is still not coming from the president , but the private sector has begun to act .
Flooding in Europe is likely to intensify , a process that may already have begun .
At the beginning of this year , Europe introduced a new Greenhouse Gas Emissions Trading Scheme that uses market-based incentives to control carbon emissions .
As protests began last year , the grass-roots nature of the Green Movement was initially thought to be advantageous , given that it could not be easily decapitated . `` Thirty years ago people were sheep and Khomeini was their shepherd , '' a prominent Iranian democratic activist told me .
As the WHO begins to plan the ICD eleventh edition and the American Psychiatric Association begins to plan the fifth edition of the DSM , one wonders how to ensure additional moral , social , and political accountability in what traditionally have been viewed as the instruments and products of science .
It would also serve to create the beginnings of Iraqi parliamentary and local politics in advance of the elections , which should be held as soon as possible .
For those of us in Cuba old enough to take a similar trip , our journey with Che , the young man with the funny accent and starred beret , began with less romance .
Indeed , the China that Deng began to build in 1978 is now communist politically and capitalist economically .
A combination of military force , political incentives , and economic growth that benefits the wider population can begin to bring an insurgency to heel .
Fortunately , Gandhi held her nerve and began to prepare for war .
China is aging very rapidly , and its working-age population will begin to shrink within a few years .
There has also been administrative action against a few religious institutions for encroaching on public space - practically unheard of since official patronage of religious parties began in the 1970 's , when their cadres were needed in the war against the Soviets .
Across Europe , energy companies are beginning to realize the benefits of such reforms and are becoming less resistant to them than in the past , when many sought to protect their national markets and ignore the rest of Europe .
TOKYO -- At its 15th session , which ended at the beginning of October , the United Nations Human Rights Council adopted a resolution encouraging governments to eliminate discrimination against people affected by leprosy -- and their family members .
The violence began following an ordinary conflict between two small groups of young people over a taxi .
On December 11 , another rally was held at site of the murder , and moved into the very center of Moscow , Manezhnaya Square , just outside the Kremlin 's walls . The crowd began to chant nationalist slogans , and then proceeded to beat up passersby who did not look Slavic .
For example , after China , India , and Pakistan began cracking down on illicit organ markets , many patients turned to the Philippines .
I began that quest for comprehensive debt relief in early 2006 while serving as Liberia 's Finance Minister , representing Johnson Sirleaf 's new government .
It also has begun to tackle pervasive graft through the creation of an anti-corruption commission , accurate and validated reporting of all revenues received in the mining and timber sectors , and elimination of provisions for back-room tax deals .
It is anxious to see a US-North Korea dialogue begin , one capable of alleviating the North 's anxieties about an American attack and America 's concerns about a renewed nuclear program .
Unlike George W. Bush 's administration , which remains cavalier in its disregard for the warning signs of climate danger both at home and globally , Hu Jintao 's leadership has begun to evince a hopeful assertiveness , at least in domestic environmental policy .
Having awakened to the environmental threat , the next challenge for Hu is to begin translating some of China 's new awareness and boldness into its foreign policy -- exactly what the US has failed to do .
China 's leaders fear that if they begin to pronounce on the domestic record of other nations , much less join in sanctions or United Nations peacekeeping missions , they will help establish a precedent that would allow others to intrude on domestic Chinese affairs .
I fear that China 's leaders and people will continue to feel a certain gnawing , inchoate sense of deficiency and incompleteness in their quest for global respect until they find the strength to begin addressing the crucial , but elusive , issue of making China an ethical , as well as an economic and military , power .
But one also hopes that China 's successes will enable its leaders to feel strong enough to begin looking honestly at China 's recent past in a more critical way .
But China 's performance could become symbolic of a more significant long-term breakthrough -- the moment when the country put its fear of the outside world aside and began to emerge as a more pro-active agent of multilateral cooperation .
What would the government rely on for legitimacy if unemployed workers begin agitating ; if angry peasants begin to besiege local government office in large numbers ; if factionalism incites a crisis in leadership ; conflict erupts in the Taiwan Straits ; or the global economy remains sluggish ?
So it is a timely moment to reappraise its position and to begin acting from strength , not weakness .
His odyssey began on June 4 , 1989 , when he spent a horrific night trying to save hundreds of wounded and dying victims who flooded through his hospital 's eighteen operating rooms as the People 's Liberation Army opened fire on its way to Tiananmen Square .
The skinheads began to push them around and harass them , as people in the street looked away and kept moving .
Will he tolerate and endorse his prime minister 's personal aversions , or is he willing to put an end to the infamous spectacle of a judicial process that has been manipulated and abused from beginning to end ?
Unfortunately , conditions across the Union will likely worsen before they begin to improve .
The very existence of our Union , and particularly of the euro , has already helped to prevent the competitive devaluations and beggar-thy-neighbor policies that ravaged Europe during the 1930 's -- the last time the continent faced so brutal an economic downturn .
Even more policy coordination will be needed both to confront the crisis and to re-establish EU norms once the storm clouds begin to dissipate .
A new Partnership and Cooperation Agreement -LRB- PCA -RRB- between the EU and the Russian Federation must be negotiated . Those negotiations should have begun seriously last year , but the war in Georgia intervened to put them on hold .
Foreign governments began to change these polities after al-Qaeda in Iraq bombed three hotels in Amman , Jordan , in November 2005 , killing 60 people .
Soon after this incident , the highly effective Jordanian intelligence service began assisting the Iraqi government in going after the al-Qaeda network in Iraq .
The Iranian government had been a major backer of Shiite militia groups , including the Mahdi Army , led by radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr . But the Iranians also had close ties from the beginning with elements of the Shiite-led coalition government .
To remain relevant , the Bretton Woods institutions must fully adapt to the needs of the world 's rapidly emerging countries , and they can begin that process at this spring 's IMF-World Bank meetings in Washington .
Globalization has generated a new global market , but also global risks that beg for collective management .
As the United States Congress begins to debate the Dominican Republic-Central American Free Trade Agreement -LRB- DR-CAFTA -RRB- , a titanic struggle between the forces of free trade and protectionism promises to unfold .
But if the goal is merely for the communists to retain their monopoly on power , in both Hong Kong and China , then the rot that has settled into Hong Kong 's polity and its economy may begin to infect the mainland .
He was beginning to support the idea of Russia becoming a parliamentary , not a presidential , republic and was gaining influence ahead of this year 's Duma elections .
His remarks elaborated on previous comments by Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao , delivered in Shenzhen , the coastal free-enterprise zone where China 's economic revolution began .
In the US , the two-day Federal Open Market Committee meeting on June 29-30 is likely to mark a major turning point , reversing the steady decline of the benchmark federal funds rate since Alan Greenspan began loosening monetary policy in 2001 .
For example , the NASDAQ stock price index made a spectacular 14 % jump upwards on the day -LRB- January 3 , 2001 -RRB- when America 's Fed began its latest series of interest rate cuts .
But declines in home prices will not occur quickly when central banks begin to raise interest rates .
Once we saw our exaggerated hopes for our investments failing , we began to consider our other sources of income and wealth , only to confront the worldwide economic slowdown that began in 2001 .
For example , in January 1974 , when the first world oil crisis began , oil prices doubled in just days .
Oil prices gradually fell , and the stock market began its long climb towards its peak in 2000 .
The latest example is the United Kingdom , where trade unions have spurred the creation of the Pension Protection Fund , which will begin operating next year .
In the US , yields on ten-year Treasuries have averaged 4.14 % above the rate of inflation throughout the period of declining inflation that began in April 1980 .
A market for real estate derivatives that can help balance these risks is only just beginning to appear .
In May 2003 , Goldman , Sachs & Co. began offering cash-settled covered warrants on house prices in the United Kingdom , based on the Halifax House Price Index and traded on the London Stock Exchange .
In October 2004 , Hedgestreet.com began offering `` hedgelets '' on real estate prices in US cities -- contracts that pay out if the rate of increase in home prices based on the OFHEO Home Price Index falls within a pre-specified range .
Various catastrophe bonds , covering earthquakes and other disasters , and weather derivatives have begun trading on financial markets in recent years .
Fortunately , financial markets are beginning to address longevity risk .
Unfortunately , according to Joanna Syroka of the World Bank 's Commodity Risk Management Group , official foreign aid and private charity tends to arrive too late , often after starvation has actually begun , and long after the families have taken extreme measures , consuming their capital to survive .
Crops are especially vulnerable at certain times , for example , when seeds begin germinating or when bad weather the previous year puts perennials at risk .
That is what the Chinese government has begun to do .
Gradually , with lenders becoming increasingly confident in subsequent years that low inflation was here to stay , real long-term interest rates began heading south .
This is a real beginning , and we should encourage such contracts to grow in order to help billions of people hedge their inflation and deflation risks .
Confidence crises beget the risk of further confidence crises .
For example , the uptrend in saving in China began at around the same time as its one-child policy was implemented in 1979 .
Over a period of years , as people see how much new supply there is , they may begin to revise their view that homes are such a terrific investment , causing a gradual , but eventually significant , drop in home prices .
It was an unusual experience , because I began to feel that none of these people were really foreign to me .
Given that electronic communications technology has a powerful potential to replace employees with others who are thousands of miles away , we may now be seeing only the beginning of this process .
The February 27 decline began with an 8.8 % one-day drop in the Shanghai Composite , following news that the Chinese government might tax capital gains more aggressively .
Consider the oil crisis that began in November 1973 , resulting in a world stock market crash and a sharp world recession .
Partly due to such efforts , as well as to a change in family values , the rate of growth of the world 's population , began a long decline , to 1.1 % in 2005 .
The Conference Board Consumer Confidence Index in the United States , begun in 1967 , fell in October to its lowest value ever .
A volatility feedback loop begins : the more volatility , the more people feel they must pay attention to the market , and hence the more erratic their trades .
Home prices in the United States , as measured by the Standard & Poor 's \/ Case-Shiller Home Price Indices , have plummeted more than 40 % in real inflation-adjusted terms in some major cities since the peak around the beginning of 2006 .
This is the core element of the behavioral economics revolution that has begun to sweep economics over the last decade or so .
These behaviors are aspects of changing confidence , which we are only just beginning to understand .
In fact , the failure of economists ' models to forecast the current crisis will mark the beginning of their overhaul . This will happen as economists ' redirect their research efforts by listening to scientists with different expertise .
In the United States , the S&P \/ Case-Shiller 10-City Home Price Index recorded the biggest turnaround since the index began in 1987 , rising 5 % -LRB- a 15 % annual rate -RRB- from April to August 2009 , after having fallen 7 % -LRB- a 21 % annual rate -RRB- in the four months from December 2008 to March 2009 .
NEW HAVEN -- Those labels that you see on packaged foods listing their ingredients and nutritional values had their beginnings in an international scandal and in the efforts by governments to deal constructively with the public outrage that followed .
NEW HAVEN -- Central bankers around the world failed to see the current financial crisis coming before its beginnings in 2007 .
Ever since the current crisis began in 2007 , many people have been wondering if the Great Depression that followed the 1929 stock-market crash and the banking crises of the early 1930 's is relevant to our experience today .
Likewise , many people have been wondering if the weakness that followed the equity and real-estate crash in Japan at the beginning of the 1990 's is relevant to our experience today .
This would be an opportune time for governments to issue more inflation-indexed debt , to begin issuing it , or to issue nominal GDP-linked debt , which is analogous to it .
When George Gallup wrote , almost nine years after the Great Depression began , a sense of ultimate futility -- a belief that high unemployment would never end -- was widespread .
The decline occurred over the better part of a decade , as we began to see the end of debt-driven overexpansion , and accelerated with the latest debt crisis .
These giant corporations have begun to control local seed companies through buyouts , joint ventures , and licensing arrangements , leading to seed monopolies .
I was the first Western foreign minister to travel to Libya since the crisis began .
Human rights advocates began court action to demand his return .
However , it soon became apparent that the task required more than part-time attention , and the following year , after raising $ 300,000 from their colleagues , Karnofsky and Hassenfeld left their jobs and began working full-time for GiveWell and its associated grant-making body , The Clear Fund .
While Spanish parliamentarians were sympathetically considering the rights of animals , however , in Austria ten leaders of lawful animal-welfare organizations were beginning their fifth week in prison .
We learn , for example , that when asked to prepare a radio broadcast for the following day , he would begin reading , `` Today I am in California '' and quickly break off , saying with exasperation , `` But I 'm not in California . ''
If Obama is to be that president , he should begin by keeping his promises to close the prison camp at Cuba 's Guantánamo Bay and to end the Bush administration 's practice of locking people away without ever telling them why or what they are charged with .
He must also begin the process of withdrawing combat troops from Iraq , a task that he said would be completed in 16 months .
At the beginning of December , Hwang disclosed that some of the eggs came from two women working in his lab , and that other `` donors '' had been paid for their eggs -- a breach of ethical guidelines that had nothing to do with the accuracy of the science .
But then Hwang 's collaborators began questioning the validity of the experiment itself , and Hwang notified Science that he wished to withdraw the paper .
Even if it does not fulfill the anarchist dream of ending repressive government , we are still only beginning to grasp the extent of what it will do to the way we live .
MELBOURNE -- In the sixteenth century , the alchemist Paracelsus offered a recipe for creating a living being that began with putting sperm into putrefying `` venter equinus . '' This is usually translated as `` horse manure , '' but the Latin `` venter '' means abdomen or uterus .
The problem came to a head this year when the Kimberley Process began to certify diamonds from Marange , in Zimbabwe .
The idea of offering gamblers a chance to set their own limits before they begin a gambling session is beginning to spread around the world .
Then , in 2004 , Google announced that it would begin digitally scanning all the books held by five major research libraries .
Nowadays , China has its own animal-rights campaigners , and there are signs that their message is beginning to be heard .
Only when Rodman 's superiors cancel his experiments and he takes home Caesar , an infant chimpanzee , does the scientist begin to care about others .
Until recently , the similarities between the world 's two largest democracies began and ended with this . Shared stakes were few .
The Cold War 's end allowed a thaw to begin between the two countries .
Rethinking the sanctions imposed on India in the wake of its nuclear tests has begun , and the sanctions may be lifted soon .
Of course , Pakistan alone is responsible for the path it chooses , but it would not have so readily adopted its current course but for the tacit -LRB- and explicit -RRB- support that the US has given it , beginning in the 1980 's to counter the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan .
And how that future is shaped will determine whether or not Mubarak 's end marks the beginning of political transformation throughout the Middle East .
Despite India 's historically established territorial claims to the region , China terms the area `` disputed , '' a description that it has now begun to extend to the whole of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir .
Power today begins in the acceptance of the limits upon it .
As a new round of negotiations with Iran begins -- with European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton the first into the breach -- finding a way to move Iran-US relations beyond their freighted past is an urgent matter .
While the US economy begins to stagnate , across the Atlantic the business cycle seems to have turned upward at last .
An alternative would be a precautionary accounting system , like the one that all German companies used before the transition to IFRS began .
Overall employment , which is still high in historical terms , has been declining continuously since the beginning of 2008 .
Ever since Japan 's banking crisis began in 1990 , the country has been in a liquidity trap , with central bank rates close to zero , and from 1998 to 2005 the price level declined by more than 4 % .
During the first seven months of 2010 , China not only refrained from buying any more US government paper , but even began to sell its holdings .
They began to expand their welfare state , pushing the government 's share in GDP from 39 % to 49 % and welcoming union-proposed double-digit wage increases .
MUNICH -- In August , the European balance-of-payments crisis moved beyond the Eurozone 's periphery and began buffeting Italy .
Interest spreads for Italian government bonds began to rise , Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi 's administration was alarmed enough to implement an austerity program , and the European Central Bank helped with extra liquidity .
As no West European state wants welfare immigration , and because they are unable to discriminate between nationals and EU immigrants , they will begin to reduce their services .
Are elements within the military continuing to support radical Islamist militias opportunistically , as they began to do in recent years ?
These groups are fed up with how radicals have smeared Islam in Indonesia , and they are beginning to work together to challenge the extremists head on .
Kipling 's Wisdom LONDON -- The beginning of October marked the seventh anniversary of the beginning of the American-led bombardment of Afghanistan .
American unemployment is projected to peak at 9.4 % towards the end of 2009 or the beginning of 2010 , and is expected to remain above 7 % at least until the end of 2011 .
In May of this year , London 's Daily Telegraph began publishing details of MPs ' expenses claims .
And , amid talk of the `` risks '' of new currency and trade wars , such wars have already begun .
So is America , always stirring sleepy societies out of their torpor -- a role begun when Commodore Matthew Perry `` opened up '' Japan in 1854 .
In other words , the challenge is to revive lending growth in full awareness that we must begin devising ways to rein it in .
It was the only suitable end to the road begun in 1968 under the monument of Mickiewicz .
So chirped many in Prague in November 1989 , reflecting the pride and the joy of the Velvet Revolution , but also the sustained effort that was needed to end communism , whose demise began in Warsaw the previous February .
Indeed , communism 's breakdown began ten years earlier in Poland , during Pope John Paul II 's first pilgrimage to his homeland , a visit that shook communist rule to its foundation .
With the economy in steep decline , Poland 's rulers began to seek to stabilize the political system and reestablish relations with the West .
The `` Roundtable '' talks to change the political system could begin .
Yet the Roundtable compromise turned out to be good even for them , as communist `` reformers '' began to build new careers in business and politics -LRB- one , Aleksander Kwa?niewski , became Poland 's second democratically elected president -RRB- .
But the Roundtable talks in Warsaw 20 years ago this month is where the Iron Curtain began to be dismantled .
As these islands begin to form an archipelago , a legal class emerges , supported by the clients who need them .
During the 1830 's , the first water turbines marked the beginning of the end of the waterwheel era .
The gas turbine was conceived at the beginning of the twentieth century , but its first working prototypes -LRB- both stationary and for flight -RRB- came only during the 1930 's , and began to be rapidly diffused in the 1950 's .
Unless some international protection arrives , a movement that began peacefully risks entering a new and dangerous phase .
This must be one of those moments . '' So begins the National Security Strategy of the United States of America , presented before Congress on May 27 .
Here , the EU can exercise leadership , for this is a political process that has only just begun .
Protests on its southern shores have now begun the process of bringing democracy to this region .
Europe today is both larger and different compared to the Europe of 1999 , when Turkey was invited to begin the accession process .
The EU-Turkey relationship began with an association agreement signed in 1963 .
International efforts are now beginning to bear fruit .
But that reconciliation did not last long : Google , after all , had accepted censorship from the beginning of its efforts in China , in 2006 , in order to gain entry into the Chinese market .
PARIS -- It is usually easier to see the beginning of something than the end of it .
Hampered by the financial cost built into the welfare state -- and perhaps by the psychological and financial disincentives built into it as well -- European economies began to slow , with per capita income becoming stagnant and high unemployment a permanent fixture .
Osborne 's assault on the British welfare state began with the universal child subsidy , a broad-base entitlement distributed to all families with children , regardless of their incomes .
Ever since financial capital began moving freely around the globe , crisis has followed crisis , with the IMF called upon to put together rescue packages of ever larger size .
The EU began with the right idea in the Balkans : to bring those countries closer to each other by bringing them closer to the Union .
Most importantly , the war on terror has diverted attention from other urgent tasks that require American leadership , such as finishing the job that we correctly began in Afghanistan , addressing the looming global energy crisis , and dealing with nuclear proliferation .
Now is an ideal time to begin that effort .
Nevertheless , market fundamentalism emerged as the dominant ideology in the 1980s , when financial markets started to become globalized and the US began running a current account deficit .
The process began in earnest after the failure of Lehman Brothers , when on October 12 , 2008 , European finance ministers found it necessary to reassure their publics that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail .
Individual member states ' capacity to protect their banks came into question , and the interest-rate spread between different governments ' bonds began to widen alarmingly .
Moreover , national regulators , in their efforts to protect their banks , have unwittingly engaged in `` beggar-thy-neighbor '' policies .
They can be used only by converting them into one of four currencies , at which point they begin to carry interest at those currencies ' combined treasury-bill rate .
It was only this year , when financial markets started to worry about the accumulation of sovereign debt , that interest-rate differentials began to widen .
Last week , France began to carry out plans to expel all non-French Roma , implicating them as a group in criminal activity , without any legal process to determine whether individuals have committed any crime or pose a threat to public order .
So the discussions about what to include in such a new treaty ought to begin immediately , because , even with European leaders under extreme pressure to agree quickly , negotiations will necessarily be a prolonged affair .
Death no longer comes at the end of the process of dying , but - by decree of a Harvard commission - at the beginning .
For , as with everywhere else , a successful foreign policy inevitably begins at home .
The Road to Post-Crisis Growth MILAN -- It is about 18 months since the financial crisis hit , and 12 months since the panic started to recede , with asset prices stabilizing and beginning to turn up .
After its enactment in late February 2009 , the markets ' downward plunge began to decelerate , and prices stabilized the following month .
MILAN -- China is poised to begin its transition from middle-income to developed-country status .
Elements of the investment portfolio in the public sector and the SOEs are beginning to fail this test .
For more than a decade prior to the crisis that began in 2008 , the US economy fueled itself -LRB- and much of the global economy -RRB- with excessive consumption .
The financial crisis that began in 2008 caused a sudden stop to the unsustainable pattern on the demand side .
Asset prices fell , households began a lengthy process of deleveraging , savings rose , and government -- faced with falling revenues and rising expenditures on unemployment insurance -- could not make up the difference .
It is a synonym for a new beginning , new hope , the rule of the `` better me '' that exists in all of us .
Such sanctions should begin to be imposed when governments fail to meet minimum requirements for attaining medium-term objectives .
If the causes of this development are not addressed , Karzai 's government will inevitably collapse , and with it the entire international process that began a year ago .
Now that aid is beginning to flow , Karzai must be told that its continuation is contingent on his bringing prominent Pashtuns and Hezaras into the inner circles of government .
But on the Arab side , only Lebanon had three consecutive years of relatively strong political rights - before the 15-year civil war that began in 1975 - and no country experienced five consecutive years of strong rights .
Elections have begun to play a greater role in Qatar , Kuwait , Bahrain , and Oman , but none uses free and fair elections to fill the most important and powerful political offices .
Certainly , both French laicité and Turkish secularism -LRB- established by modern Turkey 's founder , Kemal Atatürk -RRB- began with a similar hostility toward religion .
Similarly , until the AKP came to power and began to loosen restrictions , it was virtually impossible in Turkey to create a new church or synagogue , or to create a Jewish or Christian foundation .
If , however , no candidate receives 50.1 % of the popular vote , the elected legislature chooses the president , who thus would begin his term with a legislative majority .
In most successful transitions , the first step toward forging the unity required to create an interim government is taken when the diverse groups begin to meet more often , develop common strategies , and issue collective statements .
From the beginning , members of his entourage worried about his volatility and mental balance .
War-weary Germans began to demand the Kaiser 's abdication .
The problems began with the hyperinflation of the 1980s .
Yet Argentina 's debt to GDP ratio - even as it began to collapse - remained moderate , at around 45 % , lower than Japan 's .
Argentina 's crisis should remind us of the pressing need to reform the global financial system - and thorough reform of the IMF is where we must begin .
The Dismal Economist 's Joyless Triumph NEW YORK -- I have long been forecasting that it was only a matter of time before America 's housing bubble -- which began in the early days of this decade , supported by a flood of liquidity and lax regulation -- would pop .
America , and the world , is also facing a major structural problem , not unlike that at the beginning of the last century , when productivity increases in agriculture meant that a rapidly declining share of the population could find work there .
The moment of enlightenment came only when those policies also began inflicting costs on the US and other advanced industrial countries .
Because it has not , even after the passage of a huge stimulus bill , the presentation of a new program to deal with the underlying housing problem , and several plans to stabilize the financial system , some are even beginning to blame Obama and his team .
Household savings are finally beginning to rise , which is good for the long-run health of household finances , but disastrous for economic growth .
But they will not occur ever unless work on them is begun now .
The downturn in the US began with a failure in the financial system , which quickly was translated into a slowdown in the real economy .
On the last day of the conference , as America was expressing its reservations about even discussing at the UN this issue which affects all countries ' well being , China was once again reiterating that the time had come to begin working on a global reserve currency .
These include agent-based models that emphasize the diversity of circumstances ; network models , which focus on the complex interrelations among firms -LRB- such as those that enable bankruptcy cascades -RRB- ; a fresh look at the neglected work of Hyman Minsky on financial crises -LRB- which have increased in frequency since deregulation began three decades ago -RRB- ; and innovation models , which attempt to explain the dynamics of growth .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown begs to differ : after all , the first British bank to fall -- at a cost of some $ 50 billion -- was Northern Rock , which was engaged in the `` plain vanilla '' business of mortgage lending .
When the Great Recession began , many worried that protectionism would rear its ugly head .
When demands for China to adjust its exchange rate began during George W. Bush 's administration , its multilateral trade surplus was small .
-LRB- Since it began revaluing its exchange rate in July 2005 , the adjustment has been half or more of what most experts think is required . -RRB-
NEW YORK -- It has taken almost two years since the collapse of Lehman Brothers , and more than three years since the beginning of the global recession brought on by the financial sector 's misdeeds for the United States and Europe finally to reform financial regulation .
After all , there is almost universal agreement that the crisis the world is facing today -- and is likely to continue to face for years -- is a result of the excesses of the deregulation movement begun under Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan 30 years ago .
NEW YORK -- The global economy ends 2010 more divided than it was at the beginning of the year .
Private financial markets misallocated capital on a massive scale in the years before the crisis , and the waste resulting from underutilization of resources has been even greater since the crisis began .
A good place for Tunisia 's debate to begin is deciding how far beyond the rights enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights the country should go in writing its new constitution .
After all , the IMF 's main responsibility is to fight crises , most of which have been in developing countries -- more than a hundred since the disastrous policies of financial deregulation and liberalization began some 30 years ago .
Indeed , one positive achievement by European leaders at the recent Brussels summit was to begin the process of reining in both the ECB and the power of the American ratings agencies .
That war of choice quickly became very expensive -- orders of magnitude beyond the $ 60 billion claimed at the beginning -- as colossal incompetence met dishonest misrepresentation .
NEW YORK -- As the economic slump that began in 2007 persists , the question on everyone 's minds is obvious : Why ?
The problem is analogous to that which arose at the beginning of the twentieth century , when rapid productivity growth in agriculture forced labor to move from rural areas to urban manufacturing centers .
NEW YORK -- The protest movement that began in Tunisia in January , subsequently spreading to Egypt , and then to Spain , has now become global , with the protests engulfing Wall Street and cities across America .
Since capitalism 's beginnings , the market economy has been subject to fluctuations , to booms and busts .
When the World Cup began , you will recall , the Brazilian team was deemed talented but flawed .
A true free-trade agreement would begin with the premise that it makes no difference where a good is produced : an unfair trade practice is unfair , whether the producer is an American or Chilean .
It turned out that there was enormous excess capacity , and import substitution soon began , even in the midst of financial turmoil .
In other realms , however , we are only beginning to think about what corporate responsibility should mean for our legal system .
The National Bureau of Economic Research , the non-profit organization that has long been responsible for marking the beginning and end of America 's recessions , has finally declared that the recession that it said began in March 2001 is over .
In short , it is beginning to look as though any success in the current round of trade talks will be based on agreements without substance .
Every economic downturn comes to an end , and it is high time for America 's economy , which began slumping almost four years ago , to recover .
When the Berlin Wall fell , the countries of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union began transitions to a market economy , with heated debates over how this should be accomplished . One choice was shock therapy - quick privatization of state-owned assets and abrupt liberalization of trade , prices , and capital flows - while the other was gradual market liberalization to allow for the rule of law to be established at the same time .
More than a decade after the beginning of the transition , many postcommunist countries have not even returned to pre-transition income levels .
It is almost unanimously recognized that Argentina was badly handled , with recovery beginning only after the authorities abandoned the IMF 's strictures .
In fact , more than 2 million jobs have been destroyed - the first time since Herbert Hoover 's presidency at the beginning of the Great Depression that there has been a net job loss in the US economy over the term of an entire presidential administration .
The round of trade negotiations begun in Doha in November 2001 was launched in a different spirit .
The result , often enough , is a climate within which managers begin to feel that it is acceptable to skirt the edges of the law or to fudge company accounts .
Under Wolfensohn 's leadership , the Bank began to look for multifaceted strategies , framed by what he called a Comprehensive Development Framework .
The Bank began to recognize that developing countries differed from more developed countries not just in their lack of resources ; there was also a knowledge gap .
The Bank began to realize that on many key issues there were legitimate disagreements among economists about the right course of action .
The Fund , too , began to reduce conditionality , and eventually it began to question the desirability of capital market liberalization , which previously had been central to its agenda .
Debt relief is a good beginning .
The rest of the world has begun to take heed , but Bush , having ignored warnings about Al Qaeda 's plans prior to September 11 , 2001 , and having not only ignored the warnings about New Orleans levees , but actually gutted funding to shore them , has not led America to do likewise .
When I served in 1995 on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the scientific group that periodically assesses the science of global warming , there was overwhelming evidence that the concentration of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere had increased markedly since the beginning of the industrial revolution , that human activity had contributed significantly to those increases , and that they would have profound effects on climate and sea levels .
The Kyoto Protocol represented the international community 's attempt to begin to deal with global warming in a fair and efficient way .
China 's New Economic Model China 's success since it began its transition to a market economy has been based on adaptable strategies and policies : as each set of problems are solved , new problems arise , for which new policies and strategies must be devised .
But President George W. Bush had , from the beginning of his administration , sought to undermine multilateral institutions and agreements .
But capitalism , since its beginning , has been marked by crises ; each time , the economy recovers , but each crisis carries its own lessons .
Financial Hypocrisy This year marks the tenth anniversary of the East Asia crisis , which began in Thailand on July 2 , 1997 , and spread to Indonesia in October and to Korea in December .
Only years after the war began did the administration order the specially armored vehicles that would have saved the lives of many killed by roadside bombs .
In a sense , the strategy worked : a housing bubble fed a consumption boom , as savings rates plummeted to zero . The economic weaknesses were simply being postponed to some future date ; the Bush administration hoped that the day of reckoning would come after November 2008 . Instead , things began to unravel in August 2007 .
After monetarism was discredited -- at great cost to those countries that succumbed to it -- the quest began for a new mantra .
The Ottoman legacy of a working state structure , tolerant of religion , has begun to be viewed in a more favorable light , and the contemporary Turkish model , with its ability to nurture a democracy-friendly Islam , is suddenly in demand .
There can be no doubt that growing foreign-policy activism , especially in relation to the Middle East , has begun to enhance Turkey 's role and influence in its own region .
In 2004 , seventy years after it began , I set out to retrace the Long March .
Governments in rich countries are beginning to spell out just what that will mean in terms of policy and lifestyle changes and the investments required to develop clean energy sources .
Some voters are beginning to think that their cherished European welfare state may be to blame .
China 's total fertility rate is estimated at around 1.5 , implying that the working-age population will begin to decline by the mid-2010 's .
This policy created new vested interests , and thus a new political environment , as construction companies and other beneficiaries of government contracts began donating heavily to the ruling Liberal Democratic Party .
A series of short-term prime ministers began a pattern of huge government outlays .
As the world begins to grapple with the creation of a new economic order , the moderating role of a third party in conflicts between the US and China will be extremely important .
Partly as a result of the damage at Renesas , Toyota 's capacity-utilization rate dropped to 50 % at the beginning of May .
In 1989 , when the Iraq-Iran war sent shivers among oil-consuming nations , Brazil began to explore for energy both within and beyond its 200-nautical-mile protected zone .
The conflicts in Transdnistria and the South Caucasus are usually called `` frozen conflicts , '' because not much has happened since they began in the early 1990 's .
Even Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , under increasing EU pressure as accession negotiations are due to begin this October , has agreed to an impartial study by academic historians , although he has reiterated his belief that the genocide never occurred .
The future will begin only when Turkey -- like Germany in the past and Serbia and Croatia now -- repudiates its policy of denial and faces up to its terrible crimes of 1915 .
Stabilizing the Horn STRASBOURG -- After almost two decades as a failed state torn by civil war , perhaps the world should begin to admit that Somalia -- as it is currently constructed -- is beyond repair .
That began to change in 2001 , when Prime Minister Begum Khaleda Zia , the widow of the assassinated military strongman General Zia , replaced secularism in the Constitution with the `` Sovereignty of Allah . ''
There are already signs of disquiet among more moderate Iranian policymakers , as Ahmadinejad 's economic mismanagement has begun to fuel higher inflation .
The US should begin to work with these countries not only on this matter , but also on the elections that Myanmar military junta has promised for 2010 .
By November , after all , it will be more than a year since the global crisis began in the US , and Obama and his team must show tangible prospects for recovery .
Even if the regime does want to begin talking , sustaining a dialogue will be no easier than has been the case with North Korea .
Success may still prove elusive , but a new game with a greater possibility for success will have begun .
It can begin by creating greater opportunities for US firms -- including from the nuclear industry -- to invest in India 's economic success .
This being India , the film -- which is just beginning its cinematic release in the country , months after it hit Western screens -- has also provoked dissent .
Second , once things have begun to stabilize in the West , investors looking for a place to put their money will look anew at India , owing to the opportunities for growth and the sheer size of the market .
NEW DELHI -- As the world economy begins to recover , Indians are looking back with particular satisfaction at how they coped with the recent crisis .
India 's strategic rivals , China and Pakistan , began to court the Burmese generals .
The Chinese even began developing a port on the Burmese coast , far closer to Calcutta than to Canton .
And the generals began providing safe havens and arms to a motley assortment of anti-Indian rebel movements that would wreak havoc in India 's northeastern states and retreat to sanctuaries in the newly-renamed Myanmar .
In leading the struggle to break down segregation in the southern United States , King used non-violence more effectively than anyone else outside India . `` Hate begets hate .
Violence begets violence , '' he memorably declared . `` We must meet the forces of hate with soul force . ''
NEW DELHI -- Indian diplomacy began 2011 with election to the chair of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee , a body of some importance to the country -LRB- and one which many thought India might not be asked to lead , given its strong feelings on the issue -RRB- .
Some famous and rather powerful voices began to speak of the UN 's irrelevance .
When India began the Narmada Dam project , aiming to bring irrigation , drinking water , and power to millions , it spent 34 years -LRB- so far -RRB- fighting environmental groups , human rights activists , and advocates for the displaced all the way to the Supreme Court , while still being thwarted in the streets by protesters .
As the globalizing world discovers a twenty-first-century India full of high-tech computer geeks , efficient businessmen , colorful fashions , and glitzy entertainment -- a far cry from the old stock images of fakirs on beds of nails , maharajahs on elephants , and mendicants with begging bowls -- it is also finding an India obsessed with what most regard as a nineteenth-century sport .
Although a long agenda of reforms is beginning to be tackled , first in Germany and , more recently and cautiously , in France , the results are slow in coming and public understanding of the need for change remains limited .
When this concession failed , Mubarak and the ruling NDP began to work behind the scenes , encouraging their followers to attack protesters and provoke violence .
The region covered by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development -- Central , Eastern and South-Eastern Europe , Russia , the Caucasus and Central Asia -- has been hit particularly hard by the financial and economic crisis that began in 2008 .
We should work for this type of dialogue by beginning with simple and modest initiatives .
With Latin America 's most recent democratic transition , which began in the 1980 's , national constitutions and electoral laws were gradually reformed and modernized .
In the Dominican Republic , Leonel Fernández -LRB- 1996-2000 , 2004-2008 , 2008-2012 -RRB- began serving his third four-year term in office in 2008 , and the party in power has not ruled out the possibility of modifying the Carta Magna to allow him yet another term .
In contrast to men like Funes , Ortega , Mujica , and Chávez , whose careers began in guerrilla movements or failed coups , Mockus 's past is irreproachable .
A woman might have reminded those threatening Gbagbo with war that when the conflict begins , men will take the fight into the jungle , leaving women behind to take care of children .
The IMF began to take notice only in April 2007 , when the problem was already erupting , but there was still no sense of urgency .
Somewhere in the Taurus mountains in what is now Turkey , a group of people , probably women , began to develop a new set of technologies that would change the way that human beings interacted with their environment .
Twenty years ago this month , Mikhail Gorbachev began his policies of perestroika and glasnost , which led to the end of the Cold War .
They also view Russia in terms of a tradition whereby every new tsar partly repudiates the legacy of his predecessor , creating a political thaw at the beginning of a new reign .
Russia 's tone , especially toward the United States , began to change last year , but the Kremlin 's support for a fourth United Nations Security Council sanctions resolution on Iran demonstrates that , today , there is real substance .
During the 2008-2009 global crisis , Moscow began to strengthen its regional economic standing and promote the establishment of the customs union with Belarus and Kazakhstan , even at the risk of complicating its own bid for membership in the World Trade Organization .
To do so would mark the beginning of the end for Hong Kong .
Once the agricultural sector of the USSR was collectivized , the hunger began .
The Great Terror of 1937-1938 began with a shooting campaign -- directed chiefly against peasants -- that claimed 386,798 lives across the Soviet Union , a disproportionate number of them in Ukraine .
If they do , I only ask that the people of Zimbabwe remain strong and carry on the work that we began together .
A comprehensive and consistent reform plan was already included in then-President Vladimir Putin 's own economic agenda at the beginning of his first term in 2000 .
We must begin to understand that no one can help Ukraine save we Ukrainians .
The other bloc offers the near-certainty of a return to a surly and squalid isolation - -- perhaps the beginning of the end of our hard-won independence .
But no one can question that we brought more honest government , and the beginnings of a more open economy , to Ukraine .
We began the battle against entrenched corruption , imposed the rule of law on Ukraine 's robber barons , and encouraged the birth of a vital civil society .
Thus it is vitally important that Germany has made this a central issue for its EU presidency , which is just beginning .
It could serve as a powerful force for good in the region , if it stops seeking short term advantage and begins to act in its own long term interests , which will best be served by a prosperous , non-nuclear armed Iran , and a far more open Turkmenistan .
The first moment when decisive French leadership began to unify Europe came when Robert Schuman and Konrad Adenauer created the European Coal and Steel Community .
Coupled with our successful membership in the World Trade Organization , Ukraine would stand to benefit when world and European trade begins to recover .
As people around the world encourage the prospect of democracy coming to Egypt and Tunisia , let us not be beguiled by its formal trappings .
KYIV -- It began as a gray and muddy spring day , like so many others in my homeland .
On the other hand , not long after the `` united economic space '' was announced , Russia began to cast covetous eyes on the Ukrainian Black Sea island of Tuszla .
As a step towards imposing EU border controls and visa rules , Poland began demanding visas from its neighbors .
With more income at their disposal , people begin to consume more of their food basket in the form of animal products .
The Swedish crisis began in 1991 with the first major insolvency in the financial market .
Although the crisis that began in the United States in 2007 has since spread worldwide , the outlook for the US economy is clearly crucial to eventual global recovery .
ISTANBUL -- Turkey joined NATO at the beginning of the Cold War to gain United States protection in the event of a Soviet attack .
Humans have added essential vitamins or minerals to their foods since time immemorial ; indeed , since the beginning of the twentieth century , food fortification has been a major government policy in developed countries to reduce nutritional deficiencies and improve public health .
Nor can they be considered the first tentative steps towards such a shared destiny , in the manner of the 1952 European Coal and Steel Community Treaty , which began the project for European unity .
The surge of anger and revolt in Egypt , whatever its final outcome , marks the beginning of the end for authoritarian nationalist Arab regimes .
With imports still growing strongly and commodity prices beginning to fall as a result of the world slowdown , Argentina 's large trade surplus is disappearing quickly .
That overreach began Argentina 's undoing .
With the currency at a level that makes Argentina competitive again , reconstruction can begin .
By underscoring the need to avoid trade protectionism and other beggar-thy-neighbor policies , it also put some pressure on governments concerning what not to do .
These three countries are thus in a unique position to demand that the G-20 stop the US and China from pursuing beggar-thy-neighbor policies that represent a major threat to global economic stability .
And once the intervention began , US President Barack Obama was happy to let the Europeans -LRB- and then NATO -RRB- take the leading role .
Although Europe spent last year preoccupied with the financial crisis , the EU 's Lisbon Treaty began to provide the institutional foundations needed to underpin an effective EU-based foreign policy .
That is why crises began to increase in number and severity after financial systems in the developed world started to liberalize in the 1970 's , beginning in the United States .
The best brains in Russia -- engineers , scientists , and inventors -- will gather in one place , and from there begin moving the country forward .
At the beginning of his first term , Schröder appeared to be a modern social democrat who understood business .
Many of the highest-level trials are just beginning or will soon commence , and a substantial number of appeals are pending , which raise as yet undecided issues of the law of war .
The exciting thing about Open Education is that free access is just the beginning .
According to the International Telecommunications Union , when the project began less than 0.3 % of Ghana 's population had a telephone .
To promote the sale of household electrical appliances in rural areas , the government has begun providing a 13 % price subsidy , not only benefiting rural consumption , but also boosting the growth of major industrial enterprises .
Both began their careers as Malay nationalists who sought to promote the rights of the Malay majority after the British left .
His call to `` look East '' marked the beginning of an ambitious industrialization policy that culminated , during his 10th year in power , with the Vision 2020 plan to catch up with Western levels of development .
As I traveled around the island admiring its ancient capitals , notably the ones sacked by Tamil kings , and Buddhist shrines set up to counter the impact of Hinduism , I began to understand the traumas endured by the Sinhalese .
In the 1980 's , there were no beggars on city streets , and the main social cleavage divided the small number of politically well-connected people , who enjoyed a privileged lifestyle , from everyone else .
Now , there are both beggars and a burgeoning middle class .
From the late 1980 's until 2000 , many observers presented the Party as being on its last legs , certain to succumb to the `` Leninist extinction '' that began with communism 's collapse in Europe .
Even so , it is a measure of the exceedingly poor choice on offer from the Peronists that support for López Murphy , an honorable , well_educated economist who was Defense Minister under de la Rúa , has climbed steadily since the beginning of the year .
Of course , the OSCE had very few resources in the region to begin with , but some members , notably Russia , have been unwilling to give the OSCE a larger role .
Now that the US has at last begun to move , gradually and thoughtfully , away from the passions that characterized the country 's response to the 2001 terrorist attacks , it is worth asking if Bill Clinton was right to say that America 's virtues and assets always prevail against its vices and defects .
Whatever the danger posed by Apophis , we would do well to begin addressing them .
This nod from the White House followed the publication of reports that representatives of Afghan President Hamid Karzai had begun preliminary high-level talks regarding a possible coalition government and an agreed timetable for a NATO military withdrawal from Afghanistan .
Many business interests with job-creating capacity want the continuation of market-oriented reforms begun a decade ago -LRB- which produced impressive growth rates -RRB- , but support broadening prosperity and rooting out corruption .
Key opposition figures such as former Minister of the Interior Yuri Zakharenko and Victor Gonchar began to disappear and are feared dead . Indeed , leaked governmental information implicates several high-ranking representatives of the Lukashenko regime in these disappearances .
Yet it has begun , and completing it offers the hope of moving from the educational equivalent of bloodletting to vaccines and antibiotics .
Russia has begun a war of words over Ukraine 's supply of arms to Georgia . And the conflict itself has shown that the Russian Black Sea Fleet , based in Sevastopol , can operate with impunity , whether Ukraine likes it or not .
To begin with security , India is a vital piece of the puzzle on questions of stability in Afghanistan and the balance of power in Asia .
Even though China instituted new initiatives in industrial safety at the beginning of 2003 , official estimates indicate that industrial accident deaths increased by almost 10 % last year .
But the deeper historical reasons for improved workplace safety lie in an array of legal institutions developed by workers , employers , lawyers , and lawmakers at the end of the 19th and beginning of the 20th centuries .
In the 1910 's , American workplace injuries began to fall in virtually every industry , except coal mining -LRB- where injury rates remained high for several decades -RRB- .
US policy should shift to a more robust phase if Burmese leaders begin to relax political restrictions , institute economic reforms , and advance human rights .
As in a family , only when people start to speak out and tell the truth about rape and sexual assault can the healing begin .
And , at a time when the Chinese government , America 's main creditor , has begun sending clear signals about its preferences for US domestic policy -- even as it ignores American criticism of its human rights record -- are the Tea Partiers merely being paranoid ?
This program , like so many educational or cultural Israeli-Palestinian partnerships , began in starry-eyed idealism .
Meanwhile , New York was growing impatient , letting the Palestinian team know that their segments were late -- and , under what was essentially a military occupation , the Palestinians began to rethink whether this was the right kind of project to which to devote their energies .
Three generations after West Indians began immigrating en masse to the United Kingdom , Caribbean-descended Britons still doubt that their children or grandchildren will ever be seen as fully British .
This misbegotten strategy culminated in the Bank 's decision in August 2000 to abandon the zero interest-rate policy at the first signs of economic recovery , effectively declaring that it would not use monetary policy to bring about negative real rates after expectations of inflation returned .
A commitment to a price-level target path above the current level would imply a commitment to keep nominal interest rates low for a time in the future , even after prices begin to rise again .
But recent developments are beginning to create increasingly heavy seas for these industries .
First , evidence of climate change has begun to convince almost all climatologists and many other informed observers that our current approach to producing and using energy is very dangerous to the biosphere .
LED 's are beginning to lead the way .
Solar power is beginning to gain substantially greater prominence , especially for smaller factories and rooftops .
Germany , with its feed-in tariff , has led the way in encouraging such solar deployments , and this approach is beginning to be adopted at the state level in America .
Under certain circumstances , dogs understand that a human who can not see them -LRB- because , for example , she is blindfolded -RRB- is less likely to respond to begging with a tasty treat than a person whose vision is not obscured .
But another explanation of recent developments in the region begins by noting that post-communist reforms were largely dictated from outside , as a condition of admission to the European Union .
While the government has begun many projects , with few exceptions , including tax breaks for the wealthy , most are still in the making .
This channel is ignored for one good reason : exchange-rate policies are fundamentally of the beggar-thy-neighbor variety .
In fact , one key reason for the creation of the International Monetary Fund was to monitor exchange-rate developments with the explicit aim of preventing beggar-thy-neighbor policies .
Mainly through bulletin boards , email mailing list services and an emerging `` Web log '' community , the internet has begun to provide an alternative public sphere that did not exist in China a few years ago .
For China now has a bankruptcy code with teeth , and the country 's courts are beginning to enforce it with rigor .
Britain 's government is beginning to recognize the danger , and is trying to clamp down on schools and mosques that spread hate .
Indeed , as the `` war '' progressed , the audience closest to the action began to see the emerging combat in a way that was diametrically opposed to that of the United States and the West .
As people at last began to hope for more liberal and decent societies , the US continued to endorse the regimes that were repressing them . America simply could not adhere to its own democracy-promotion script .
The deeper America sank into the Iraqi quagmire , the more the US began to turn a blind eye to the region 's surviving dictators , particularly those in Saudi Arabia , Syria , Egypt , and Pakistan .
Now , something like a dividing line is emerging , and if Bush finally begins to understand the region 's dynamics , he may be able to craft a policy with a chance of success .
Saudi Arabia is just as eager to contain the Iranian threat and the growing `` Shi'a crescent '' that , with the empowerment of the Shi'a in Iraq , has moved westward to begin to include the Shi'a regions of the Kingdom .
Yet as `` Battle of Baghdad '' begins , factors beyond Bush 's control and not of his making -LRB- at least not intentionally -RRB- may just save Iraq from its doom .
Having begun , ever so carefully , to politically open his country , the King knows that he needs regional peace and a lowering of Islamic holy rage .
Russia 's inroads in the region began with former President Vladimir Putin 's state visit to Iran in October 2007 -- the first visit by a Russian leader since Stalin 's trip to Teheran in 1943 .
Until the beginning of this year , they have not formed significant or open opposition movements , owing to a historically well-entrenched fear of repression .
Shia unrest dates back to the Kingdom 's establishment in 1932 , and violent confrontations with the Saudi state began with the Shia revolution in neighbouring Iran .
But today disorder and radicalization in Yemen are beginning to infect Saudi Arabia , and thus the safety of the world 's largest oil producer .
The forthcoming London conference could prove to be either a trap for the West or the beginning of a true effort at the kind of domestic reform that can prevent Yemen from becoming another Afghanistan .
But if it looks beyond terrorism to the root causes of the problem , and presses Saleh to begin to share power , Yemen need not become another safe haven for terrorists .
Although bilateral tensions began to build from 1998 onward , due to the Taliban 's refusal to turn over Osama bin Laden to Saudi Arabia -LRB- his homeland -RRB- , the Kingdom still hoped that petro-dollar diplomacy might solve this problem .
President George W. Bush declared that , `` you are either with us , or against us , '' and quickly began to classify entire nations in these Manichean terms .
To distract attention further , the Saudis also began to denounce the country 's Shia minority ever more vociferously as a `` fifth column '' of Iran 's terror-sponsoring regime .
Unless they begin to do so , these peoples will drift into the camp of the fanatics -- if not as active terrorists than as passive supporters , much as the Catholic community in Northern Ireland passively embraced IRA terrorism as a way to end their exclusion from political life in the province .
But the death of Sultan , at 86 , marks the beginning of a critical period of domestic and foreign uncertainty for the Kingdom .
The problem is one of trust between the business community and the government , which in recent years had just begun to develop .
Ask a member of the opposition whether the crisis has ended , and you will be told that it is only just beginning .
But , outside Russia , no responsible economists can even begin to say whether the crisis is truly over .
Israel at Sixty Tel Aviv -- Ten years ago , on Israel 's 50th anniversary , the peace process begun by the path-breaking Oslo accord , reached by Israel and the Palestinian Authority in 1993 , established the legitimacy of two peoples ' national existence in their shared homeland on the basis of territorial compromise .
From the beginning , there was no intention to damage the identity of the native-born Arabs , or to merge it with the traditional Jewish identity .
The recent episodes of corruption , I believe , are rooted in the division , beginning in 1967 , of two altogether distinct sets of norms and values .
The norms of a colonial and militarist regime have begun to infiltrate the governing organs of Israel 's democracy , perverting their proper activities .
We Israelis must begin to realize this simple fact : the Arabs are not metaphysical creatures , but human beings , and human beings have it within themselves to change .
Instead , Israel -- either because of its distrust of its enemies and of their commitment to respect any future peace agreement , or because of a desire to annex some of the territories -- began to pursue a policy of settlements .
A lot of water had to pass under the bridge before the idea of a two-state solution , whether as a moral or a practical matter , began to filter into the Israeli and Palestinian political and ideological environments .
Thirty years after the Reagan-Thatcher revolution , the ideological pendulum has begun to swing in the opposite direction .
Indeed , East Asia seems to lack the equivalent of major EU architects like Jean Monnet and Robert Schuman -- visionaries with the stature and political support needed to begin building a framework for regional peace in a time , like today , of great change .
After all , Rome was n't built in a day , and the EU -- rooted in the post-war European Coal and Steel Community -- began with similar small steps toward integration .
Once the trial begins , Syria may find itself in the dock .
These clashing interests will be played out after September 25 , when the two-month period during which Lebanon 's parliament must elect a president begins .
Until the global financial\/economic crisis that began in 2008 , however , strong export performance concealed China 's overcapacity problem , which , thanks to the stimulus package , is now set to become more serious .
But it is also worth noting that the government is well aware of the problems , and has begun to take measures to put structural adjustment back at the top of the policy agenda .
Due to the extremely expansive US monetary policy that has been in place since the sub-prime crisis began two years ago , the real value of China 's foreign-exchange reserves has already been eroded , with or without inflation .
But the BOE 's inaction -- even as the ECB raised interest rates in order to begin to normalize monetary policy -- could send the wrong signal , according to Sentance .
It must begin today .
In pursuit of protein-rich meals , Nkhoma is pushing her cluster of villages , representing a thousand households in all , to begin raising chickens for eggs and meat , cows for milk , and `` exotic '' vegetables such as cabbage for vitamins .
Instead , once financial transactions begin to concentrate in a place , it becomes hard to move them to other places .
As a result , credit controls on investment projects and a close watch on the money supply have been used to promote macroeconomic stability since China began its market reforms .
But when price increases accelerated in the second half of the year , the authorities began to worry .
The central bank -LRB- PBOC -RRB- initially attributed it to excess liquidity , and so began to use monetary policy tools , raising interest rates five times since late 2007 .
This proposition almost beggars belief because it starkly contradicts China 's actions in failing to openly condemn North Korea for its sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan in March , or for the recent artillery attack on South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island .
But what do we have three years after the financial crisis began ?
Currently , bank managers receive their bonuses at the beginning of each year , with the level based on their individual performance during the previous year .
