Indeed , Blix believed that Iraq had no program at all for nuclear arms .
Precisely because Israelis are aware of the constant security threat facing their country , they have always believed that their leaders should be able to lead Israel in war -- but also to ask the military tough questions when diplomacy may fail .
The military was led -- for the first time in its history -- by an Air Force general , Dan Halutz , who believed that everything could be solved by air power , creating a combustible combination of civilian ignorance and military arrogance .
For example , his opposition to governments ' authority to prohibit or regulate human behavior extended to licensing requirements for doctors and car drivers , as well as to anti-drug laws , which he believed operated as a subsidy to organized crime .
He believed that it should be possible to resolve the student protests and respect the principles of democracy and the rule of law .
Although accounting rules often permit banks to price these assets at face value , it is generally believed that the fundamental value of many toxic assets has fallen significantly below face value .
As a result , Britain could not serve as a bridge between a doubtful Europe and a belligerent US , as Blair believed , and Britain 's capacity to be a force for good on the world stage was severely damaged .
But the Israelis never believed they would have to give back all the land , while the Arabs did not think they might have to offer `` all the peace . ''
Yitzhak Rabin believed that an Israeli-Arab peace could prevent a nuclear Iran , but now his nightmare seems rapidly approaching .
But focusing exclusively on what is believed and practiced overlooks a potentially far more important question : how religious precepts are believed and practiced .
They wanted to attack Cuba while the missiles were , as they believed , at sea and on their way to Cuba .
If they really hoped to be believed , they should have listened to my interlocutors in the old city of Riga over the next few days .
Antioxidants , which are believed to help protect us against both cancer and heart disease , are one such element that must import into our bodies .
In the 1990 's , when hard pegs were in vogue , it was believed that flexibility reduced credibility .
With the fall of Nigeria 's dictatorship and the introduction of democracy in 1999 , governors in the mainly Muslim northern provinces believed they had struck a deal with their southern counterparts on a regional rotation of the country 's presidency .
This Iranian fifth column is believed to stretch from Beirut via Damascus , Gaza to Baghdad and finally from Iran to Saudi-Arabia to Yemen . Recent armed clashes between Hezbollah and the Lebanese government are , it is said , just another sign of Iran 's hegemonic reach .
They believed that so long as everyone abided by the law , it was not necessary for citizens to have a single hierarchy of values .
They believed that aggressive promotion of democracy abroad was not only moral , and in the American tradition , but in the national interest as well .
No Chinese or Japanese has blamed Jews for killing their holy men or believed that their children 's blood ended up in Passover matzos .
If the China Daily , among other publications , is to be believed , `` pre-Liberation '' Tibet was a living hell , and Tibetans are now happy and grateful to be citizens of the People 's Republic of China .
Until recently , too , many Europeans believed in their kings and queens , flew their national flags , sang their national anthems , were taught heroic versions of their national histories .
Outside Japan , it is widely believed that everything works differently there , owing to the country 's exotic culture .
It was believed , perhaps correctly , that the Germans would be incapable of trying their own former leaders .
This belief could not be construed to have any influence on my decisions , unless I also said and believed that homosexuality is also a crime .
The Pope believed that he could either condemn both totalitarian powers or condemn neither of them .
Even when the frequent appearance of asset-price bubbles was acknowledged , most believed that efforts to detect and prick them at an early stage would be impossible -- and potentially harmful .
It was , many believed , a deliberate policy devised and carried out by the official military and the political elite to wage war `` off the books . ''
It was , many believed , a deliberate policy devised and carried out by the official military and the political elite to wage war `` off the books . ''
From there , scientists believed , the signals went on to the part of the brain 's cortex that managed body awareness , and somehow the cortex turned them into conscious experience .
Had Dorje remained in Tibet , he could have lost out to his rival , because the 280-year-old Rumtek monastery , the Kagyu school 's holiest institution , is where the sect 's all-powerful `` black hat , '' the symbolic crown of the Karmapa -- believed to be woven from the hair of female deities -- is located .
`` People seem to be fairly sure it was the Chinese , '' he said . Officials in Germany , Britain , and the US have acknowledged that hackers believed to be from China also have broken into their government and military networks .
I never believed that the `` Third Way '' politics that held such sway in recent years had quite the same significance or intellectual pedigree .
They believed that a new age of social democracy had dawned , and for a while they sought to prove their point : Bill Clinton , Tony Blair , Gerhard Schroeder , Romano Prodi , even some of those elected in the postcommunist countries seemed to belong to this political camp .
Without doubt , President George W. Bush and Prime Minister Tony Blair believed that Saddam Hussein either had , or had the wherewithal to produce , such weapons when they decided for pre-emptive war .
If Tony Blair ever believed any of this , he was a fool .
In 1950 , when the EU was born , the political dilemma was comparatively simple . So was its solution : the large member states -- France , Germany , and Italy -- accepted some common decision-making , because they believed they were still independent nation states .
The three small Benelux member states -- Netherlands , Belgium , and Luxemburg -- accepted common decision-making , because they believed that this would maximize their national interests .
The truth is that such models are most useful when they are little known or not universally believed .
It is not clear how we could know that markets were failing whenever they fell significantly , but believed that we had no business second-guessing them when they climbed .
And he and his Federalist colleagues , including John Adams , believed strongly in providing infant industries with room to grow -- even using money from the Department of War to fund experiments in high-tech industry .
But the leaders of Parliament also believed that the absence of a codified authority to act as lender of last resort would not keep the Bank of England from doing so when necessity commanded .
The fact that so much of the risk from a decline in the dollar falls on those investing in America means that the capital inflow has already gone on much longer than any fundamentals-watching economist -- including me -- would have believed possible .
The late Rudiger Dornbusch - who used to write this column - used to say that unsustainable situations lasted longer than economists who believed in market rationality and equilibrium could imagine possible . They then tended to collapse more quickly than anyone could believe .
Moreover , Friedman believed that even when private interests were not aligned with public interests , that government could not be relied on to fix the problem .
At the same time , Friedman believed that even when the market equilibrium was not the utilitarian social-welfare optimum , and even when government could be used to improve matters from a utilitarian point of view , there was still an additional value in letting human freedom have the widest berth possible .
There was , Friedman believed , something intrinsically bad about government commanding and ordering people about &#45; &#45; even if the government did know what it was doing .
Reverse the process , however , and you get the poverty of nations , which Smith believed he saw in the Asia of his time .
For example , Lula 's Workers ' Party , which rejected pension reforms submitted by the previous Cardoso administration , expects Lula to preserve far more of the scheme than former President Cardoso believed possible .
The Clinton Administration and the IMF educated financial markets about countries that they believed were following sound policies and that had bright long-run growth prospects .
That , the Fed and the Treasury believed , could not be healthy .
For two and a half centuries , economists have believed that the flow of spending in an economy goes up whenever groups of people decide to spend more .
While Mohammad is believed to be languishing in a regional jail , Mullah Fazlullah operates with impunity , using the radio to spread a message of hatred and intolerance .
A substantial fraction of Germany 's government -- and , if polls are to be believed , the German people -- actually believe that creating an official state Muslim holiday will somehow spare us from the wrath of fanatical Islamists .
Nine countries are known or believed to possess them , and all are improving them in various ways .
It believed that the peripheral economies would deliver serious fiscal austerity , notwithstanding their dreadful growth outlook and general lack of competitiveness .
It also believed that the core countries would relieve the ECB burden of mounting bailout costs .
If Iraq indeed had weapons of mass destruction , as Bush believed , Hussein 's departure would have left such weapons in the hands of ... whom exactly ?
For Americans , 1989 validated everything they already believed .
They saw demonstrators in East European capitals and Chinese crowds in Tiananmen Square chanting for freedom , and believed that those throngs wanted to be American .
It is generally believed that the appropriate preventive measure is to stop burning fossil fuels and reduce the abundance of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
Many in Moldova and Europe believed that another authoritarian state was emerging in the European neighborhood .
President George W. Bush believed that he needed to take account of only one half of America 's dual role in the Middle East , namely the alliance with Israel .
It was believed at the time that formalized rules -- imposing mandatory limits on deficits , debt , and inflation -- would be enough .
Iran has also believed that it could split France , and perhaps Germany , away from the United States -- as if either country would risk infuriating the Americans for the sake of a leader like Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Your Genes or Mine , How Different Are We ? For some time , scientists have believed that individual human beings were 99.9 % genetically identical .
Many people within the Bush administration believed that even without approval by the UN Security Council or NATO , American power would be legitimized by its successful use .
It is widely believed that Supreme Leader Khamenei put the current nutcase president Mahmoud Ahmedinejad into office as a means of counterbalancing former president Rafsanjani , and has been regretting this decision ever since as Ahmedinejad spouted off about the Holocaust and pushed Iran deeper and deeper into isolation .
Chemistry and biochemistry are similarly solid -- there are some things we do n't understand about the body , but it is believed that the basic machinery of how cells and molecules interact is known .
A significant reason is believed to be the steady flight of intellectuals from Iraq , which seems obvious , but is difficult to measure .
He believed that the state had an `` ardent obligation '' to engage in economic planning .
Whether describing genes for the color of flowers in pea plants or the shape of the fruit fly 's wings , geneticists at the beginning of the last century believed that each gene governed one unique characteristic .
Occurring on the 72nd anniversary of the 1931 Mukden Incident that led to the Japanese occupation of Manchuria , 90 % of Chinese respondents to an Internet poll said they believed that the Japanese businessmen intended to humiliate China .
The Netherlands , which is popularly believed to have legalized cannabis use along these lines , has in fact tolerated only small-scale retail sales of marijuana in a limited number of coffee shops in its larger cities .
Similarly , the seventeenth-century Hungarian Transylvanian Countess Elizabeth Báthory , who tortured young girls to death and believed in the curative power of bathing in their blood , contributed to the West 's image of Eastern Europe as the heart of darkness of the human soul .
On both the scientific and the Catholic view , whoever believed in vampires was regarded as superstitious and condemned as uneducated .
During the communist era , most people believed that individual efforts to effect change did not make sense .
Corruption is widely believed to be endemic in the country 's police , secret service , administration , government , and Prosecutor 's Office .
He refused to settle privately , because he believed that if he let corrupt government officials off the hook , `` they 'll keep scamming the public . ''
Darwin believed that present-day organisms are descendants of much simpler ancestors : they are the products of unbroken lines of heredity that stretch back to the origin of life .
Before 1981 , visionaries who thought about the impact of technology on society believed that the computer would allow a centralization of knowledge and power .
In the 1980s , President Reagan believed that America was losing its entrepreneurial edge , and that Japan and Europe were overtaking it , so he let the deficit rip .
The 37th President of the United States believed that international monetary relations are unlikely to be transformed by talking .
The administrations of both Bill Clinton and George W. Bush believed that extending home ownership would generate greater social stability . Legislation from even further back , such as the 1977 Community Reinvestment Act , helped to push banks into providing more financing for housing .
Until the eruption of the current scandal , the youngest of Murdoch 's three children from his second marriage , James , was generally believed to stand the greatest chance of succeeding his father .
We both believed that the only sensible thing to do with the bomb was to get rid of it .
Johnson , Bundy , and the others of course believed the `` domino '' theory , which says that one country `` falling '' to communism would cause others to fall .
But Jawaharlal Nehru , India 's first prime minister , believed in industrialization and urbanization , famously calling the new mega-dam projects his government underwrote the `` temples of modern India . ''
Bulgaria 's Betrayal of Europe When Bulgaria joined the European Union this past January , I believed that my country had finally left its repressive past behind .
When the Soviet Union withdrew from Central and Eastern Europe , we Russians believed that NATO would not be extended to the countries and territories from which we had withdrawn .
As coalition forces were routing the Iraqi army in February 1991 , President George H.W. Bush encouraged the Iraqi people to `` take matters into their hands to force Saddam Hussein the dictator to step aside . '' When Iraqi Shiites , Kurds , and Marsh Arabs rebelled against Hussein , they believed that American forces would protect them against their brutal dictator 's superior firepower .
It is widely believed that the president would like to reduce the clergy 's influence and increase the power of the Revolutionary Guards , his main source of institutional support .
Ahmadinejad himself , however , has generally ignored the post-election crisis in his public statements , and evidently believed that Khamenei 's post-election support meant that the Supreme Leader would remain passive in the face of encroachments on his traditional powers and prerogatives .
We demanded an independent judiciary , because we believed that democracy and prosperity are impossible without the rule of law , and that the rule of law requires a judiciary that can act as a constraint on the government .
For two and a half years , I supported Musharraf and believed his promises to bring genuine democracy to Pakistan .
Some were talented and believed that the new subsidies and incentives rendered long-term investments in the industry highly attractive .
Soviet scientists believed that the Americans would keep their plans secret until after they had succeeded in launching a satellite , so all our efforts were put into beating the Americans to the launch .
But all the same he treated Gorbachev in a more decent manner because Yeltsin fundamentally believed in democracy .
I have always been puzzled by the naïveté of analysts , in Russia and abroad , who believed that Putin would never be so bold as to make a mockery of Russia 's electoral system by reclaiming the presidency .
He apparently believed that , following the defeat that Obama absorbed in the mid-term elections , the US would lack the will to stand up to a fresh nuclear threat and would move to conclude a peace accord with his regime , thus perpetuating his dynasty . `` We are ready for both dialogue and war , '' Kim has declared .
For example , in the quiet rural city of Rikuzentakata , with a population of 23,000 , it is believed that 5,000 of its 8,000 households disappeared in the disaster .
The Chinese navy , it is now believed , is trying to achieve that very aim .
The US believed that the massive amounts of aid that it doled out to Egypt , Israel , and Jordan guaranteed both stability and cooperation on issues of American interest .
Indeed , it is believed that North Korea during this time increased its stockpile of nuclear weapons .
While European public and private support to Israel , especially in its founding years , is believed to be very extensive , the US has created a firewall of vetoes and political protection for Israel , in addition to providing massive financial support .
In this he also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation . Until liberation , there could be no business as usual .
UMNO is widely believed to have held talks with Anwar before .
In the last century Estonians believed in security guarantees and the Finns did not .
Like China and unlike Japan , India resisted changes in its ancient beliefs about the way the world works -LRB- and should work -RRB- which modernization entails . Instead , like many Islamic countries today , India wrongly believed Gandhi 's doctrine that modernization necessarily means Westernization .
Cycling and Cancer The cyclist Lance Armstrong recently celebrated an anniversary . It has been ten years since he was diagnosed with metastatic testicular cancer , which his doctors believed would kill him .
In addition to the emotional advantage that Armstrong believed that cancer gave him , his new body also made him a more effective cyclist .
When the Soviet Union collapsed , many believed that the Cuban regime would take the road to reform , however grudgingly .
We once believed that the sky would fall .
Islam is a faith . It must be believed .
In the 1950 's and 1960 's , few leading Indians believed that their country could compete with the industrialized economies .
The dream of improving the world disguised a farce that affected not only a single life , as in Cervantes ' story , and affected not only the misleading army of buffoons believed to be missionaries .
All cultures impose on their members ideas about who they are , how they came to be , and where they fit in socially . For example , pre-modern Europe believed that a woman who had sex before marriage might carry the imprint of her lover within her , so that her child born in wedlock would resemble the earlier lover , rather than the husband . This served to justify the premium placed on female chastity .
Gbagbo was suspicious of Ouattara , whom he believed to be actively plotting with French support to topple his government .
Clarke believed that astronauts would be dispatched to maintain and operate communication satellites .
Berlusconi , the head of a diversified media empire -LRB- television , radio , press , Internet , movies , advertising , and books -RRB- , decided to establish a political party at a time when he believed that post-communists could win power otherwise .
Solidarity veterans believed that the dictatorship 's demise would be followed by their own reign .
He believed that everyone can change for the better , and that we must nurse the spirit of dialogue , tolerance , and the ability to forgive and to reconcile .
Among Sunnis , the number fell below a majority : only 44 % believed in the equal importance of higher education for girls and boys .
More disturbing to them is his apocalyptic conviction regarding the imminent advent of the Hidden Imam , the Mahdi , whose appearance is believed to lead to the destruction of the world and the end of time .
Yet we nonetheless believed that the opposition , led by the Coalition for Unity and Democracy -LRB- CUD -RRB- , would have room to maneuver and campaign , owing to the government 's desire for international legitimacy .
That is , the Bush administration believed that they were al Qaeda members or others who did not fight by the rules of war and thus not entitled to prisoner-of-war status .
At the same time , Burundi 's Hutu saw Rwanda as a role model and believed their ethnic majority should guarantee them de facto control of the country .
From then on , most brain scientists believed , brain circuits could only be modified by altering the synapses , or contacts between existing cells .
He also believed that Soviet control over an empire in Eastern Europe was costing too much and providing too little benefit , and that the invasion of Afghanistan had been a costly disaster .
Many communists led the resistance against fascism in Europe , and many people believed that communism was the wave of the future .
But it also acted because taking such risks has proven successful in the past , and here , Kim probably believed the risks were low .
Dwight Eisenhower ran an efficiently organized presidency that some at the time believed lacked leadership , but historians later discovered his hidden hand behind most important decisions .
Its founders believed that a country the size of America is best governed locally , not nationally ... So the basic system works ; but that is no excuse for ignoring areas where it could be reformed , '' such as the gerrymandered safe seats in the House of Representatives and the blocking procedures of Senate rules and filibusters .
After the recent financial crisis , Goldman Sachs upped the ante and projected that the combined GDP of the BRICs might exceed that of the G-7 countries by 2027 , about 10 years sooner than initially believed .
At the end of that decade , American 's believed the country was in decline ; yet , within a decade , they believed that the US was the sole superpower .
Political observers have long debated whether economic or military power is more fundamental . The Marxist tradition casts economics as the underlying structure of power , and political institutions as a mere superstructure , an assumption shared by nineteenth-century liberals who believed that growing interdependence in trade and finance would make war obsolete .
Many mistakenly believed that the US was in decline , and that the crisis presented new strategic opportunities for China .
A total of 82 % of Irish people surveyed earlier this year believed Ireland had benefited from EU membership , the highest score in Europe , where the average was 54 % .
Uzbekistan 's President Islam Karimov , for his part , has long believed that it is his country 's destiny to dominate Central Asia .
The Court also declared that Serbia will remain in violation of the Genocide Convention until it transfers Mladic -- who is believed responsible for some of the worst crimes in Europe since the Second World War -- to the International Criminal Tribunal for Former Yugoslavia -LRB- ICTY -RRB- in The Hague .
For many years after Lukashenko was first elected , in 1994 -LRB- he has ruled without interruption ever since -RRB- , most Belarusians did perhaps tolerate the regime , because they believed that it protected them from the worst excesses of neighboring Russia 's `` Wild East '' capitalism : corrupt privatization , job losses , and mafia rule .
It is widely believed , even among the most Euro-skeptical of observers , that joining the eurozone will affirm these countries ' successful transformation into modern market economies .
As I strolled through Tiananmen Square , the paradox that struck me was that the very system of democratic capitalism that the West has so ardently believed in and advocated now seems to be failing us . At the same time , the kind of authoritarianism and state-managed economics that we have long impugned now seems to be serving China well .
Turkey believed that by signing protocols with Armenia and clearly indicating its readiness to open the border , the Armenians could somehow be cajoled or pressured into resolving the Nagorno-Karabakh problem more quickly or cede territories surrounding Nagorno-Karabakh .
Toledo later claimed that he was wrong to trust Almeyda , but few believed that the president had not known what Almeyda , a trusted confidante , had done .
We believed that economic development would solve all our problems .
Of course , we never believed that press freedom would come easily .
Keating believed that the fighting at Kokoda represented the real birth pains of an independent Australia , not some colonial appendage of Britain created to serve imperial purposes in the Far East .
He believed in capitalism -- or at least in supporting big companies and the rich -- though whether he understood how free markets should work under the rule of law is more doubtful .
She believed that her family 's sacrifices were justified by the liberation and rise of China .
She witnessed the return of the greed and corruption that she believed had destroyed the Kuomintang in the 1930 's and 1940 's .
Maoism was a curious and unique mixture of class warfare and socialist leveling , all enunciated by a man who believed that individuals -- or at least Mao himself -- could shape history rather than be formed by its tides and currents .
North Korea may also have a few bombs . Iran is believed by many to be trying to develop one .
We allowed convenient cultural stereotyping to sustain what we believed was the expedient pursuit of our national interest .
Or so the US believed .
Each used technology that engineers had been confidently employing for bridges , and for which the assumed loads and methods of analysis were well established . In every case , engineers believed that they were just building incrementally on successful practice .
Is there evidence directly associating high performance - that is , high employment and high productivity - with the presence of institutions believed helpful to dynamism and the absence of those believed harmful ?
Holders of European government bonds believed that they knew what they had bought .
There were many more economists who believed that house prices , though high , were unlikely to fall across the board .
President George H.W. Bush is widely believed to have lost his re-election bid , despite winning a popular war in Iraq , because he seemed out of touch with public hardship following the 1991 recession .
Her spiritual strength arose out of her deep and abiding reliance on the grace and boundless mercy of the god she believed in .
A long , painful period of high unemployment runs counter to what most experts believed the flexible US economic model would ever produce .
Today , humanitarian intervention has become a dirty word for many of the same people who once believed in it .
The fact that NATO now considers its area of operations to legitimately extend all the way to the Hindu Kush has given pause even to many who once believed as fervently in humanitarian intervention as Blair still does .
Hirschman believed that the possibilities for economic development are not nearly as constrained as comprehensive theories would lead us to believe .
Perhaps , but these strategies would not have made sense for lenders unless they believed that house prices would continue to rise .
The Bumpy Road Ahead CAMBRIDGE -- If stock market and interest-rate spreads are to be believed , America 's economy has seen the worst and may be on its way to a slow recovery .
Mercantilists believed in an active economic role for the state -- to promote exports , discourage finished imports , and establish trade monopolies that would enrich business and the crown alike .
China is the only country in the world where anything less than 8 % growth year after year is believed to be dangerous because it would unleash social unrest .
During the Latin American debt crisis of the 1980 's or the Asian financial crisis of 1997 , for example , heavily indebted developing countries believed they had few options but to swallow bitter medicine - -- or face a stampede of capital outflows .
Unlike others , such as my Harvard colleague Martin Feldstein , who argue that Europe is not a natural monetary area , I believed that monetary union made perfect sense in the context of a broader European project that emphasized -- as it still does -- political institution-building alongside economic integration .
Boeke believed in a stark separation between the modern , capitalist style of economic organization that prevailed in the West and the pre-capitalist , traditional mode that predominated in what were then called `` underdeveloped areas . ''
In reality , many remain unemployed , perhaps because they believed that liberalization would be reversed .
Paulson 's appointment presumably shows that Bush is far more concerned about environmental issues than is commonly believed .
Sink or Swim in the Philippines MANILA -- The tragedy of the sinking of the Princess of the Stars ferry in the waters off Romblon in the Philippines -- with hundreds of corpses still believed trapped inside -- is proof that the country is prone not only to natural calamities , but to manmade ones as well .
At that time , the consensus among economists and policymakers was that these estimates were exaggerated , because it was believed that sub-prime mortgage losses totaled only about $ 200 billion .
Some of the younger officers complained about corruption . Mubarak apparently surprised them by saying that he knew that many leading people in the country were thieves , but that he believed they had stolen enough to keep them happy .
Given their self-righteousness and lack of historical and cultural awareness , Bush and his advisors believed that invading Iraq would be easy , that Saddam Hussein 's military would crumble , and that the US would be welcomed as a liberator .
The US and Israel believed that they could force Hamas into submission even before negotiations with the new government began .
Recount Kenyans ' Votes Kenya is aflame after a presidential election on December 27 widely believed to have been rigged to secure the re-election of Mwai Kibaki .
In fact , most observers on the scene believed that there was a long paper trail , from the polling sites all the way to Nairobi , which could be re-assessed in detail .
Until recently , many believed that China and India would be the real holdouts in the global climate-change negotiations .
Indeed , the US and Europe often acted to undermine regional integration , which they believed would limit their roles as power brokers .
Food could have been transported by rail within British India to save many starving people , but the British believed in a hands-off , laissez faire policy .
British officers believed that they were being brave by not being swayed by `` emotions '' !
America 's leaders believed that the US would be welcomed as liberators .
The Bush team believed that they would eventually balance the tax cuts for the rich with reductions in government spending , but they never explained this to the public .
The army action in Wana , aimed against Al Qaeda and Taliban operatives who are believed to be hiding there , has led to several civilian casualties , including women and children , and rendered over 30,000 people homeless .
Transmission is believed to be airborne , through close and frequent contact with an infected , untreated person . But leprosy is very hard to develop ; most people have a built-in immunity to it and have nothing to fear .
Indeed , China is believed to supply about 70 % of the North 's oil , and has doubled its sales of grain and vegetables .
Indeed , recent assessments by the British Antarctic Survey suggest that temperatures over the Antarctic have increased 3.6 degrees since the early 1970 's , and that warming is taking place far faster than researchers had hitherto believed .
Nowadays , the country 's communist leaders acted as if they believed that disclosing SARS would risk tarnishing China 's `` economic miracle '' and driving away foreign direct investment -- some $ 50 billion last year , or 80 % of all FDI made in Asia .
In a survey of Israeli and Palestinian opinion of the roadmap , Yaakov Shamir of Hebrew University and I found that only 15 % of Palestinians agreed that Sharon would stand by Israel 's commitments , while only 30 % of Israelis believed that Abu Mazen would hold up the Palestinian end of the agreement .
The immediate cause was believed to have been Israel 's stunning success in the Yom Kippur War , which led Arab oil producers to retaliate by choking off output .
Mortgage lenders seem to have believed that home buyers would not default , because rising prices would make keeping up with their payments very attractive .
It became widely believed that financial markets are such sublime poolers of information that they represent a collective judgment that transcends that of any mere mortal .
It was sincerely believed , and supported by deep intuitive judgment , that interruptions in this upward trajectory could only be small and transient .
America the Hypocritical In commemorating the 230th anniversary of America 's independence last July , President George W. Bush noted that the patriots of the Revolutionary War believed that all men are created equal , and with inalienable rights .
Bonds is widely believed to have been helped by drugs and synthetic hormones .
That remark may have been a bitter payback for the role Spencer believed the media , and the paparazzi who worked for them , played in Diana 's death , but it was not without truth .
Who would have believed , after the last two elections , that the American public was capable of electing such a candidate ?
In August 2001 , President George W. Bush told Americans that he worried about `` a culture that devalues life , '' and that he believed that , as President of the United States , he has `` an important obligation to foster and encourage respect for life in America and throughout the world . ''
Nevertheless , the public still believed in perpetual growth .
Salvation does not lie in better `` risk management '' by either regulators or banks , but , as Keynes believed , in taking adequate precautions against uncertainty .
The neo-classical revolution believed that markets were much more cyclically stable than Keynes believed , that the risks in all market transactions can be known in advance , and that prices will therefore always reflect objective probabilities .
For example , we had no financial crises when central banks instructed commercial banks to limit their lending to particular economic sectors that they believed were overheating , such as real estate or consumer loans .
He rightly believed that reducing the money supply would have been too blunt an instrument to use .
Issing admits that he was among those who believed that `` starting monetary union without having established a political union was putting the cart before the horse . ''
Its architects were fully aware of this deficiency , but believed that when the need arose , the political will could be summoned to take the next step forward .
Wars should n't happen at all , he believed .
They enjoyed the confidence of Germany 's ruling classes , were determined to reject all compromise , and believed that `` one more push '' would deliver `` total victory . ''
Investment banks and credit rating agencies believed in financial alchemy -- the notion that significant value could be created by slicing and dicing securities .
Even during the recession of 2001 , those assembled in Davos believed that the downturn would be short-lived .
Indeed , Keynes believed that it was surplus countries , far more than deficit countries , that posed a threat to global prosperity ; he went so far as to recommend a tax on surplus countries .
This was a remarkable confession : these officials evidently believed that their policies had wrecked nearly half of Russia 's economic capacity in the space of just a few years -- a level of destruction not even Hitler 's Nazi armies had achieved .
Like so many other policy maxims , it has been repeated often enough that it has come to be believed .
During America 's growth boom in the 1990s , the Clinton Administration believed that it was worth risking pushing the unemployment rate lower , especially when the social gains -- declining welfare roles , reduced violence -- were added to the direct economic benefits .
Who would have believed that one administration could do so much damage so quickly ?
Its leaders believed that there was little to be contributed or gained by getting involved in the region 's problems , and that Turkey 's Ottoman legacy would leave its Arab neighbors suspicious .
Urgent action is needed , as the recent financial and economic crisis , following hard on the heels of the food-price crisis , is believed to have set back progress on poverty reduction even further .
Chávez is the loser not only because he had provided the FARC moral support -LRB- he once described them as `` belligerents , '' not terrorists , and publicly called Uribe an American stooge -RRB- , but also because it is believed that he has been providing the FARC covert military support .
It is believed that the Armenian genocide inspired the Nazis in their plans for the extermination of Jews .
The world can not afford a second Afghanistan in Bangladesh , where Huji members are believed to have given sanctuary to many Taliban fighters after the fall of their regime .
It sought this change because it believed firms would not hire people they could never fire .
The mosque was built in the 1520 's by India 's first Mogul emperor , Babur , on a site traditionally believed to have been the birthplace of the Hindu god-king Ram , the hero of the 3,000-year-old epic , the Ramayana .
Gandhi believed in `` weaning an opponent from error by patience , sympathy , and self-suffering . ''
The military question -- believed to have been resolved after the region 's transition to democracy which came with the Cold War 's end , the effort to achieve regional integration , and the push toward globalization -- has reappeared .
Russia , it is widely believed , can rely on domestic capital .
Many British people believed in a `` Free Trade Empire . ''
HARARE : Before Zimbabwe 's Presidential election earlier this month , I believed that if the election were not handled properly , there would be serious fallout in the country and throughout Southern Africa .
And regulation to increase market transparency was not only acceptable , but a central tenet of the doctrine , since transparency , like financial innovation , was believed to complete markets and help generate increased liquidity and price discovery .
In evicting that regime , we believed that this form of absolutism was ended .
If public opinion polls are to be believed , on May 29 the French will reject the European Union 's draft constitutional treaty .
Rulers , they believed , should act in accord with moral norms whenever possible .
Because poverty was an obstacle to moral behavior , they believed that the state should be vitally concerned with eliminating it .
That such a meeting took place is a sign that both Pope and King believed that there was something to achieve .
Yet the crisis will be severe , not only because prices for the major Russian export commodities -- oil , gas , and metal -- have plummeted , but also because the government , which believed in its boundless force and wisdom , now seems inadequate to the challenges that Russia faces .
Syria is widely believed to have been responsible for the crime , and domestic Lebanese and international pressure helped force Syria 's pullout .
Today , the country is believed to have about 60 working astronomers , more than half of all the astronomers working in Africa . `` South Africa is the jewel of African astronomy , '' says Charles McGruder , a professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at Western Kentucky University .
