Ukraine 's powerful industrialists praised the NBU 's low exchange-rate policy , believing it makes the country more competitive .
Making such a community a reality will not come about by believing that Europe 's culture is better than others .
Instead of believing in its capacity to stop Iran 's nuclear program , the world is preparing to live with a nuclear-armed Iran .
Once people stop believing that Israel is defending the West against fascism , Israel will be blamed for all the violence in the Middle East .
It is a reality that men infected with HIV or AIDS in some parts of Africa have even raped girls believing that sex with virgins is a cure .
The Cubans , Nicaraguans , and Venezuelans will not cut Funes any slack , either , believing that history is on their side , and that now is the time to force every issue in sight .
He will probably be more forceful at regional meetings in responding to Chávez , believing that Venezuelan support for the FARC guerrillas is too blatant to be overlooked , and that it is wiser to confront him sooner rather than later .
A brave concession , no doubt , but India has a more rigorous criterion for believing that Pakistan is truly serious about reaching a peaceful agreement : it wants Pakistan to dismantle the infrastructure of cross-border terrorism -- in particular , the training camps for Kashmiri separatists and their international jihadi brethren .
If we succeed , we can create a sense that we belong together , even though our reasons for believing so may be different .
We know that sooner or later they will stop believing these stories , and we know what will happen when they do .
The Bush administration 's intellectual allies call the Clinton administration `` naïve '' for believing that international relations form a positive-sum game in which all sides can win .
The bargain then was that the US could pick the president of the World Bank while the Europeans would get the top slot at the IMF -LRB- US policymakers in their wisdom believing that the Bank would become the more important institution -RRB- .
It is almost as if governments like Britain 's are attempting to manipulate the private sector into believing that the dire conditions required for an expansionary fiscal consolidation have already been met .
The most important implication of believing that cultural modernity emerged in more than one species is that it largely eliminates the dichotomy that Western thought has traditionally detected between the natural world and human culture .
The bubble bursts in Japan 's economy in the early 1990 's , and the Southeast Asian economies later in the decade , provided a neighborly lesson to stop believing that bubbles never burst .
Some in the EU -- mainly in France , Germany , and Austria -- seem smugly pleased by the prospect of a clash on this issue , believing it will force Turkey to give up its drive for membership .
Indeed , there are good reasons for believing that the Tea Party movement in the United States , connected as it is with the economic disaster that followed Lehman 's collapse , is one of the channels of the energy released by the crisis .
But could Sarkozy be right in believing that currency markets do not automatically drive exchange rates to levels consistent with the fundamentals of international trade ?
Conservatives , by contrast , are unyielding on this point , believing that there is but one path to God , and that salvation comes only through following Islamic teachings .
Goldman Sachs is bullish , believing that the bank can record 17 % loan growth this year , a 20-basis-point improvement in margins , and significant growth in fee income .
Let 's not allow ourselves to be manipulated into believing that attempts to change the `` established '' order and `` objective '' laws do not make sense .
Europeans may be more cheerful , believing that the Chinese market will open not only for European engineering products and machine tools to equip the new workshop of the world , but also for luxury goods and even the tourism demanded by a new and affluent Chinese middle class .
With each approach , Palestinian leaders , believing Arab states ' hollow proclamations of solidarity with their cause , have failed to measure accurately their own powers vis-à-vis the Israelis .
Many Palestinian citizens of Israel , disgusted by the large-scale casualties inflicted on their brethren -- and believing that to vote would mean to endorse the political system responsible for the carnage -- stayed home once again .
They claim that the early British scholars and administrators who documented Indian customs and translated the early sacred texts were bamboozled by the Brahmins -- the first Indians to learn English and thus the only available intermediaries -- into believing that the Hindu social order was caste-based .
Wen Jiabao wrote recently in Sichuan that `` more hardship will arouse the country , '' evidently believing that the Chinese may still need to suffer further in order to realize political progress .
But that political strategy left President Bush believing that Schröder had stabbed him in the back .
At the same time , overwhelming majorities of Kurds , Sunnis , and Shi'ites -- more than eight out of ten -- preferred to be seen as Iraqis first , believing that `` Iraq will be a better society if people treat one another as Iraqis . ''
Each side , believing it will end up at war with the other , makes reasonable military preparations that are read by the other side as confirmation of its worst fears .
Now many have gone back to believing in decline .
But the evidence for believing that euroization can precede sufficient institutional reforms is scant .
More often than not , they have had little or no connection with one another : development specialists dealt comfortably with dictatorships and democracies alike , believing that prosperity can best be created by concentrating exclusively on economic issues and institutions .
Small states in the middle of Europe that have been victims of aggression throughout their history should not be blamed for believing that the US remains the only real guarantor of their security .
More importantly , I ca n't help believing that this way of operating is ultimately far more scientifically productive than the traditional male drive to establish one 's own `` identity '' and `` independence . ''
Unfortunately , most of the public , egged on by well-meaning rock stars , religious leaders , and other popular figures , seem brainwashed into believing that debt relief is a giant step on the road to ending world poverty .
Rather than slavishly believing policymakers ' assurances , emerging-market researchers have learned to be cynical about official promises . All too often , everything that can be done wrong will be done wrong .
But Arafat has shown a willingness to let groups act as they please , apparently believing that continuing unrest will bring international sympathy and intervention on his behalf .
By trying to do too much -- or believing that one can achieve more than is possible -- the result can be failure and certainly will be disappointment .
This is the hubris of believing that brute force and threats , rather than actual negotiation , can yield solutions .
Banks lend on easy terms to households and businesses that own high-valued stocks , believing that stock market wealth is good collateral .
If one makes no distinctions and disregards nuances one will end up believing that 60 % Turkish women wear the veil .
-LRB- He did not suggest that men are on average more gifted in these fields than women , but that there is some reason for believing that men are more likely than women to be found at both the upper and lower ends of the spectrum of abilities in these fields -- and Harvard , of course , only appoints people at the extreme upper end . -RRB-
If , however , we insist on believing in divine creation , we are forced to admit that the god who made the world can not be all-powerful and all good .
We ban pornography and restrict violence on TV , believing that they affect people negatively , yet we should believe that unrestricted advertising of consumer goods affects only the distribution of demand , but not the total ?
Economists and moralists have been united in believing that you should actually spend less than you earn -- in order to `` save '' for the proverbial rainy day or for old age .
Many UN members , believing that power within the UN has been shifting from the General Assembly , resist giving up what they regard as its last vestige : control over the budget through the work of the Assembly 's Fifth Committee .
Wilhelm flaunted his absolute power , believing it to be divinely ordained .
The era of believing that something can be created out of nothing should be over .
After initially believing that its economy was so strong that it would not only be unaffected by America 's slowdown but also maintain robust growth , Europe has turned to looking to the US recovery to lift it out of its malaise .
Indeed , some countries with large dollar reserves -- hardly in need of World Bank credit -- borrowed from the Bank at far higher interest rates than they were getting from the United States , believing that these procedures would help ensure high-quality projects free of corruption and become standard in other areas .
We must stop believing in imported cures .
The first DPJ prime minister , Yukio Hatoyama , miscalculated in believing that a face-to-face meeting with the new American president to discuss long-term matters affecting East Asia could settle the issue .
These Sunni leaders live in abject fear of the geopolitical earthquake that any disintegration of political authority in Baghdad would bring , believing that all-out civil war would invariably follow -- a war that would not respect international borders .
His desperation mounting , Saleh has ordered deadly attacks on protesters , evidently believing that his considerable skill at political manipulation would see him through .
