Hafiz Saeed , the founder of LET and currently the head of JuD , once proudly argued that : `` We believe in the Clash of Civilizations , and our Jihad will continue until Islam becomes the dominant religion . ''
He has strengthened the position of many in Europe and elsewhere who are skeptical of challenging a country 's territorial integrity or who still claim to believe in a negotiated settlement .
Some European countries apparently believe that they can maintain an EU consensus in support of Ahtisaari 's plan but allow Russian foot-dragging on the grounds that delay is not unreasonable and something better may turn up with additional negotiations .
Many believe that Russia will not risk its relations with Europe and the US , ultimately abstaining if Western countries hold firm .
Russia knows that such negotiations will be fruitless , but believes that another seemingly innocent appeal for more talks would strain EU unity , which appears to be a vital goal for Putin .
Abbas believes that Hamas 's acceptance of negotiations with Israel is the only way to break the international sanctions that are devastating Palestinian society .
The United States , Israel , and some Arab governments plan to arm and train forces loyal to Abbas , especially his presidential guard . They want to prepare Abbas 's forces in Gaza for a confrontation with Hamas , which they believe is inevitable .
Indeed , the seizure of Shalit deepened the rift between Hamas and Fatah , which believes that the abduction was staged in order to sabotage discussions about a national unity government .
For we believe that the transatlantic divide does mirror fundamental differences in values -- with the immediate caveat that these differences do not , and should not , bring the two sides into conflict .
According to the World Value Survey , a respected attitudinal study conducted in about 40 countries , 60 % of Americans believe that the poor are `` lazy , '' a view shared by only 26 % of Europeans .
Nearly the exact opposite proportions -LRB- 60 % of Europeans and 29 % of Americans -RRB- believe that the poor are trapped in poverty .
Most economists believe that central banks should only target inflation , which means cutting interest rates only when the economy slows down and inflation falls -- which is precisely what the ECB has been doing .
If capitalists are corrupt , how can you convince a poor peasant to believe in the market economy ?
Consider this : according to the World Value Survey , whereas 60 % of Americans believe that the poor are `` lazy , '' only 26 % of Europeans hold this belief .
Indeed , the Japanese believe that the halfhearted backing of US business groups for a new round of WTO talks reflects the success of the earlier sectoral agreements .
I believe that we can settle this most difficult question in an equitable way .
I believe we are close to a balanced agreement on this .
You would not believe them .
Indeed , Blix believed that Iraq had no program at all for nuclear arms .
You must believe in official information , Blix implied .
That is the culture of the UN : believe the best of barbarians , do nothing to provoke controversy among superiors , and let others be the butt of criticism afterwards .
These realities prevent people who believe they are infected with TB from seeking treatment .
In many regions -- and especially in rural areas -- people still believe that TB patients have been bewitched , poisoned , or , as one Nigerian doctor put it , `` cursed by the gods . ''
In February 2003 , the Duma passed a decree stating that the Sakharov museum exhibition 's purpose was to incite religious hatred and to insult believers and the Orthodox Church .
If the Euro succeeds as a global currency , which I believe it will , and if Europe 's rapid reaction force becomes a reality soon , as I also think it will , the EU will have secured the preconditions for a more equal partnership -- literally by putting its money -LRB- and soldiers -RRB- where its mouth is .
A sober assessment of this process leads me to assert that a more capable and united Europe will usher in a more effective Atlantic Alliance and not , as some believe , in American disengagement from European commitments .
For believers in a more united Europe , closer cooperation on defense is self-evidently desirable .
Today , by contrast , the country seems immune from global market turbulence -- or so Brazilian officials believe .
Optimistically , Brazilian officials believe that the government 's Growth Acceleration Program will serve as a vaccine against global turbulence and help reduce bottlenecks in the economy .
Libya 's people may be more politically mature and sophisticated than many observers believe .
Many Swedes have come to believe that it is their right to register as sick regardless of their health .
The second obstacle is border controls with Georgia , a mainly political issue : whether Abkhazia and South Ossetia are independent , as Russia maintains , or are part Georgia , as the rest of the world believes .
If we still believe that today , we need an updated moral and strategic vision for such countries , and to back it up with a real strategy .
Today , as protests mount and multiply , the government of every Arab state in the Middle East and North Africa probably believes that , if left to its own devices , it can contain internal dissent .
Precisely because Israelis are aware of the constant security threat facing their country , they have always believed that their leaders should be able to lead Israel in war -- but also to ask the military tough questions when diplomacy may fail .
The military was led -- for the first time in its history -- by an Air Force general , Dan Halutz , who believed that everything could be solved by air power , creating a combustible combination of civilian ignorance and military arrogance .
But public opinion -- volatile and angry -- calls for both to resign : a public-opinion poll conducted after the Commission published its report indicated that only 14 % of Israelis believe that Olmert should keep his job , while less than 11 % support Peretz .
We believe that the IMF needs to move decisively on financial stability issues and be more proactive to help prevent and mitigate future crises .
I believe that early adoption of the euro is not only possible , but preferable to delay .
For example , his opposition to governments ' authority to prohibit or regulate human behavior extended to licensing requirements for doctors and car drivers , as well as to anti-drug laws , which he believed operated as a subsidy to organized crime .
You may not believe in Marxism , but you must believe in `` advanced culture . ''
He believed that it should be possible to resolve the student protests and respect the principles of democracy and the rule of law .
A vocal minority of Moldova 's people believe that merging their country with Romania would put the country into the express lane to EU membership , with its generous financial perks and , perhaps most enticing of all , passports that would enable them to escape a no-hope economy to build lives elsewhere .
As the Lisbon Treaty comes into force , the European Union is , I believe , uniquely suited to take on its leadership responsibilities .
As the Lisbon Treaty comes into force , The European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- is , I believe , uniquely suited to take on its leadership responsibilities .
But such loans can be of great value to sophisticated firms and households that may have good reason to believe that their future earnings will be higher than their current earnings .
Although accounting rules often permit banks to price these assets at face value , it is generally believed that the fundamental value of many toxic assets has fallen significantly below face value .
But does n't the banks ' ability to raise new equity capital indicate that , regardless of whether the stress tests are reliable , investors believe that their assets ' value does significantly exceed their liabilities ?
Are we to believe that those consequences are preferable to the unintended consequences of pay regulation ?
But Israel was wrong to believe that Egypt could be a gateway into the Arab world .
As a result , Britain could not serve as a bridge between a doubtful Europe and a belligerent US , as Blair believed , and Britain 's capacity to be a force for good on the world stage was severely damaged .
Israel 's leaders believe that the day of reckoning with Hamas will come only when the conditions for a major military showdown are riper .
But the Israelis never believed they would have to give back all the land , while the Arabs did not think they might have to offer `` all the peace . ''
Iran believes that it is the victim of an international double standard -- acceptance of Pakistan 's and India 's nuclear status , not to mention Israel 's -- which only fuels its sense of discrimination and its resolve to pursue its ambitions .
But Obama might soon realize that most of his predecessors started as believers in international cooperation , until events forced them to fall back on a strategy of confrontation .
Netanyahu persists in questioning Obama 's infatuation with the two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , and he refuses to see the link that Obama believes exists between an Israeli-Palestinian peace and his capacity to curtail Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
Israelis believe that Iran is galloping into the nuclear club , and will shrewdly use the prospect of talks with the US to pre-empt tougher sanctions or a military strike .
If both war and diplomacy fail , these regional powers believe they will be better positioned than the West to shift the Afghan Great Game in their favor .
This reflects the benefits that NATO believes can be drawn from Israel 's unique military experience .
The Iranian challenge to Israel 's strategic hegemony is presented as a Holocaust-style existential threat , and Israel 's other enemies -- Hezbollah , which believes that it can bring about `` the end of the Zionist entity , '' and Syria , which publicly boasts of its ballistic missiles ' capacity to destroy Israel 's main urban centers -- are similarly viewed as irrational actors .
A believer in the essentially political nature of Haiti 's tragedy , Fernandez rightly aspires to turn the current crisis into the lever for state-building , Haiti 's extraction from political isolation , and its maturation into an active member of the regional and world community .
Erdogan believes that , by exercising Turkey 's capacity for mediation , he will recover the burden of his Ottoman forbears as the guarantors of peace and security in the Mashreq .
Whatever route is taken , the great question today concerns the enigma that is Bibi Netanyahu , a would-be Churchill who believes that his mission is to thwart the designs of Iran 's evil new Shia empire , something which requires the goodwill of the international community , particularly of the Obama administration .
The 2.5 million Southern Sudanese known to live in the North are under explicit instructions by the South 's Sudan People 's Liberation Army to boycott the referendum , as the SPLA has grounds to believe that Bashir would use their registration to rig the results in favor of unity .
Indeed , if not convincingly deterred by the international community , it is extremely difficult to believe that Bashir would let the South secede without a fight .
Indeed , according to a Pew Research Center poll , only 5.5 % of people have access to Facebook , while 95 % want Islam to play a major role in politics , 80 % believe that adulterers should be stoned , 45 % are practically illiterate , and 40 % live on less than $ 2 a day .
Although still inspired by staunchly anti-Western conservatives who believe that the `` banner of Jihad '' should not be abandoned , the Brotherhood today is not the unconditionally jihadist organization that Mubarak regime 's portrayed to the West .
Egypt had to grant Israel only political recognition , but the Palestinians are being asked to recognize Israel 's moral legitimacy by accepting Jewish links to the Holy Land and hence admitting the Jews ' millenarian claim for a state in a land that the Palestinians believe is historically theirs .
Hamas believes that the deal vindicated the teachings of Hezbollah 's leader , Hassan Nassrallah , who has defined Israel as nothing but a `` spider 's web '' that can be destroyed with the whisper of a sword .
It is unrealistic to believe that transferring to the Palestinians tax revenues that are owed to them , removing a limited number of checkpoints in the occupied West Bank , and even releasing 250 Fatah prisoners `` with no blood on their hands '' will calm the Palestinian volcano , and thus enhance Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas 's leadership and Fatah 's edge over Hamas .
Yitzhak Rabin believed that an Israeli-Arab peace could prevent a nuclear Iran , but now his nightmare seems rapidly approaching .
But focusing exclusively on what is believed and practiced overlooks a potentially far more important question : how religious precepts are believed and practiced .
We believe that an effect-based approach , based on an agreed threshold , would minimize the negative consequences of more host-country intervention in regulation and supervision .
They wanted to attack Cuba while the missiles were , as they believed , at sea and on their way to Cuba .
McNamara believes an invasion would `` certainly '' have triggered a Soviet nuclear attack against the US .
As a European editor wrote apropos the flow of scientists from Europe to America : `` What 's most sad is that Europeans still believe that their society represents the epitome of civilization , while the US is on its way to downfall .
If they really hoped to be believed , they should have listened to my interlocutors in the old city of Riga over the next few days .
There are many who believe that this kind of patient leadership is incompatible with a Union of 25 .
Many commentators believe that governments ' huge budget constraints will force them to rely on inflation .
This claim has great credibility with labor unions that believe that trade with poor countries produces paupers in rich countries .
Yet we continue to believe that social cohesion can be limited to that of the nation .
The rule of law must apply to all , and very few believe that any of the charges against Tymoshenko would stand the slightest chance of being upheld in a Western court .
Antioxidants , which are believed to help protect us against both cancer and heart disease , are one such element that must import into our bodies .
But these leaders forgot that their people might actually believe them .
First , in countries in which there is fiscal space , they must announce credible fiscal expansions ; we -- the IMF -- believe that , as a whole , a global fiscal expansion about 2 % of world GDP is both feasible and appropriate .
So far , the Euro 's appreciation is close to 30 % from the lows of two years ago , and there is every reason to believe that even more strengthening is to come .
In the 1990 's , when hard pegs were in vogue , it was believed that flexibility reduced credibility .
The Nobel laureate Robert Fogel argues that a new synergism between technological and physiological improvements has produced a radically new form of human evolution , which he calls technophysio evolution . Only this , Fogel believes , can explain recent trends in longevity , body size , the durability of vital organs , and chronic diseases .
Many even believe that their contributions accrue to an individual , capitalized , account , rather than financing the benefits paid to current pensioners .
A mother of four children who proclaims to believe in traditional family values , she is attractive to right-wing voters , while her non-matrimonial relationship with Hollande makes her seem a quintessentially modern woman .
Some Christian theologians , for example , believe that life begins at conception , while scientists maintain that nerve and brain cells emerge around 14 days after conception .
I believe the UN should push for an immediate de facto suspension , without waiting for the debates to begin on legal reforms in the respective countries .
It is much more : it is a success for all those who believe that it is still possible to improve our world -- and ultimately the human condition -- every day .
We believe instead that a `` Federation Lite , '' with a budget limited to about 5 % of Europe 's GDP -LRB- compared to almost half of GDP in most EU member countries -RRB- , would enable a realistic political union .
As former members of our countries ' congresses we believe that it is time to create a North American Parliamentary Union -LRB- NAPU -RRB- to address the growing number of big issues that North America 's national governments have pushed to the sidelines .
Notwithstanding this , most Canadians and Mexicans believe that cooperation in North America will proceed regardless of who is in office in Ottawa , Washington , or Mexico City .
Some analysts believe that oil has helped Chávez produce better socioeconomic results than Nicaragua and Bolivia have achieved .
Many economists believe that it was one major episode , and that is probably the appropriate way to think about it in a broader historical context .
Many believe that the reduction of local control over the schools as a result of the elimination of local financing has been a major contributor to the poor performance of some American schools .
Is it naive to believe that the world amounts to more than zero-sum thinking ?
As a last resort , the EU must even be prepared to rise to the military defense of the values and principles it believes are worth protecting .
Most Europeans believe that China wants to be a shaper of -- not a challenger to -- a balanced world order , a strong United Nations , and an effective multilateral system .
In the short term , there are good reasons to believe that the most powerful among Iraq 's three main groups will do so .
Shia have an interest in supporting the central government because they believe that their demographic weight -LRB- 60 % of Iraq 's population -RRB- means that representative democracy will guarantee them the right to rule and protect them from Sunni demands and attacks .
Kurds will accept the arrangement because they believe that the new constitution guarantees their right to control most of the oil wealth that lies beneath their territory , and because they do n't want the blame should Baghdad descend into chaos .
With the fall of Nigeria 's dictatorship and the introduction of democracy in 1999 , governors in the mainly Muslim northern provinces believed they had struck a deal with their southern counterparts on a regional rotation of the country 's presidency .
Northern Muslims wonder why Soludo , a southern Christian , believes the government should horde excess cash that could be spent to relieve poverty among their constituents .
There is no reason to believe that Goodluck Jonathan will preemptively resign , and removing him from office if he assumes the presidency might well stoke unprecedented violence in the Delta .
That is bad news for those who believe that US-China cooperation is essential for reviving the global economy , meeting the challenge of climate change , containing threats of nuclear proliferation , and managing a host of other problems without borders .
No one believes that Germany is at risk of default , but investors overlook this sort of policy shift at their own risk .
If Sunnis come to believe that Shia and Kurds intend to treat them as second-class citizens , they will have no stake in the success of Maliki 's government and could again begin to pursue their political interests by other means , provoking another surge of sectarian violence .
Northern governors oppose a third term for Obasanjo because they believe it is now their turn to choose Nigeria 's president under a deal , struck with their southern counterparts when democracy was introduced in 1999 , for regional rotation of the presidency .
Finally , just as Iran faces no China -- an outside player with considerable domestic influence -- North Korea faces no Israel , a neighbor that believes its security could depend on an act of military pre-emption .
As a former Dutch State Secretary for European Affairs and Benelux Coordinator , I believe that the Netherlands and Belgium can once again play complementary roles .
This Iranian fifth column is believed to stretch from Beirut via Damascus , Gaza to Baghdad and finally from Iran to Saudi-Arabia to Yemen . Recent armed clashes between Hezbollah and the Lebanese government are , it is said , just another sign of Iran 's hegemonic reach .
Nevertheless , it is a prescription for endless terrorism and war : both pro- and anti-Iranian revolutionary Islamists believe that , because God is on their side and their enemies are cowardly , they will win , and they are quite prepared to spend the next half-century trying to prove it .
Few believe that the PA and Hamas 's main rival , Fatah , will be willing or able to make such an agreement for decades .
We believe that the best investment in our collective future is to scale up the green , low-carbon economy .
The Pakhtuns , who constitute about half of Afghanistan 's population , believe that the US invasion meant a loss of power to their ethnic rivals , the Tajiks and Uzbeks .
The English , who escaped occupation by a hostile power , and still believe they won World War II alone -LRB- well , with a little help from the Yanks -RRB- , still have a militaristic streak .
Watching the economic rise of China , Russia , and India , and the American debacles in the Middle East , it was tempting to believe that US power really did not count for very much anymore .
But I do not believe that the American dream has died in Europe quite yet .
They believed that so long as everyone abided by the law , it was not necessary for citizens to have a single hierarchy of values .
Of course , this will be easier if Muslims come to believe that the system also works to their benefit .
They believed that aggressive promotion of democracy abroad was not only moral , and in the American tradition , but in the national interest as well .
Few people , even Party members , still believe in Marxism-Leninism , let alone Maoism .
No Chinese or Japanese has blamed Jews for killing their holy men or believed that their children 's blood ended up in Passover matzos .
Japan is no longer such a closed society , yet even people with a short history of democracy are prone to believe that they are victims of unseen forces .
Even Wilders , with his absurd call to ban the Koran , clearly believes that there are limits -- for his opponents , of course , not for himself .
If the China Daily , among other publications , is to be believed , `` pre-Liberation '' Tibet was a living hell , and Tibetans are now happy and grateful to be citizens of the People 's Republic of China .
If they agree , they help to legitimize a system in which they do not really believe . If they refuse , they have no influence at all .
They believe that it is `` inadmissible '' for an artist of Polanski 's stature to be arrested for what he did .
NEW YORK -- Twenty years ago , when the Berlin Wall was breached and the Soviet empire was collapsing , only die-hard believers in a communist utopia felt unhappy .
Until recently , too , many Europeans believed in their kings and queens , flew their national flags , sang their national anthems , were taught heroic versions of their national histories .
For , contrary to what some believe , they do not strengthen democracy .
Obama , he said , believes in `` liberation theology , '' which means that he must be a `` socialist , '' thus un-American .
In the United States , some of the fiercest defenders of hardline Zionism are evangelical Christians who firmly believe that Jews who refuse to convert to Christianity will one day face terrible retribution .
Outside Japan , it is widely believed that everything works differently there , owing to the country 's exotic culture .
True believers would no doubt see the hand of God in these stirring events .
As a non-believer , I am bound to treat such claims with skepticism . But the moral power of religious faith does not need a supernatural explanation .
In Poland , once the battle against Communism was won , the Solidarity movement was soon sundered by conflicts between secular democrats and believers who looked to the Church for guidance .
That is when visionaries , romantics , and true believers are driven by their beliefs to take risks that most of us would regard as foolhardy .
In this sense , monarchy is a little like Islam , or the Catholic Church : all believers are supposed to be equal in the eyes of God , or the Pope , or the Emperor -- hence the appeal to the poor and the marginalized .
It was believed , perhaps correctly , that the Germans would be incapable of trying their own former leaders .
AMSTERDAM -- Most European citizens -LRB- for example , more than 60 % in France and Germany -RRB- believe that Turkey should not become part of the European Union .
So , if Europeans do n't even believe in their own union , why should Turkey wish to join it ?
Those who believe that common interests and liberal institutions should define the EU would gain by this acceptance .
NEW YORK -- Many people still believe that the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , were not just acts of political terrorism , but part of a cultural war , a clash of civilizations .
Taliban men no doubt believe that the subjugation of women is a cultural privilege , as well as a religious duty .
And , in the US , a peculiar alliance of Jewish hardliners and evangelical Christians , who believe that all Jews must eventually return to the Holy Land and convert to Christianity , has become the main base of support for Israel .
On the contrary , it is to uphold the liberal tradition in which many Jews continue to believe .
Notwithstanding his call to ban the Koran , Wilders and his admirers claim to believe in unfettered free speech as a Western birthright .
In Israel , the educated Jewish activists who criticize Israeli abuses against Palestinians , the peaceniks who believe that negotiation is better than violence and that even Arabs have rights , are called , with a knowing sneer , `` beautiful souls . ''
This belief could not be construed to have any influence on my decisions , unless I also said and believed that homosexuality is also a crime .
I hope that the European Parliament 's Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice , and Home Affairs will reconsider its behavior , and that the `` Buttiglione affair '' will remain only an ordinary political injustice against a single individual rather than the harbinger of second-class citizenship for religious believers .
The Pope believed that he could either condemn both totalitarian powers or condemn neither of them .
On April 22 , 2004 , a train explosion at Ryongchon killed 160 people and injured 1,300 . Many believe that it was an attempt to assassinate Kim , whose custom-built train passed through Ryongchon a few hours before the blast .
While the United Nations Security Council debates how to reprimand North Korea for the attack on the Cheonan , few people in South Korea believe that any punishment will deter Kim or shorten the life of his regime .
Europe needs good relations with both in order to penetrate growing markets , tap sources for raw materials and energy , and ensure its own domestic stability , whereas many Europeans believe that US policies alienate these regions .
Even when the frequent appearance of asset-price bubbles was acknowledged , most believed that efforts to detect and prick them at an early stage would be impossible -- and potentially harmful .
Two-thirds of Bolivians are dissatisfied with the way the Constituent Assembly has carried out its work , and a majority believes that the constitutional text is illegal .
To believe that one can accurately foresee what will become of Chavez and Venezuela brings to mind another warning by Fiedler : `` He who lives by the crystal ball must sooner or later learn to chew glass . ''
Maybe capitalism works better when skeptics restrain its excesses than when true believers are writing , interpreting , judging , and executing the rules of the game .
Some evidence can be found in those features of the American economy that we believe others should emulate .
Today , however , the reigning Republican orthodoxy is a kind of smug pseudo-Friedmanism that believes that markets left to themselves can do no wrong .
Underlying this argument is the idea that the attack was an explicitly religious act carried out by an enemy faith , whose believers -- even those who denounced the atrocity -- are tainted and deserve to have their constitutional rights restricted .
It seems far more reasonable to believe that Serbia 's leaders were informed about what was going on , and that , despite this , Serbia 's military , financial , and political assistance to Mladic was never interrupted .
I , for one , believe that the death penalty radically negates the doctrine of human rights , which is founded on respect for life and the dignity of human beings .
And López Obrador would not have been able to move Mexico away from the United States , revise NAFTA , massively and overnight re-orient public spending , eliminate poverty , and create millions of jobs through unfunded infrastructure programs , as he said , and truly seemed to believe , he would do .
But , as long they remain relatively powerless , Mexico will remain unbalanced , deprived of the modern left that it needs to combat poverty and inequality , and hostage to those who still believe in revolution and the assault on the Winter Palace .
It was , many believed , a deliberate policy devised and carried out by the official military and the political elite to wage war `` off the books . ''
It was , many believed , a deliberate policy devised and carried out by the official military and the political elite to wage war `` off the books . ''
If the US , as its leaders clearly believe , will be threatened for years to come by terrorist groups , the latter will inevitably conclude , as millions have done before , that the easiest way into the US is through Latin America .
Free Trade with a Human Face MEXICO CITY -- Although many Americans believe immigration is a domestic issue that should be excluded from talks with other governments , this is not a view held by other nations -- or by the United States .
I believe that Calderón declared this war because he felt the need to legitimize himself before Mexico 's people , given the doubts surrounding his victory in the 2006 presidential election -- doubts that his supporters , like me , never shared .
And I believe that it is unwinnable because it fails to comply with the tenets of the Powell Doctrine , elaborated 18 years ago by Colin Powell , then Chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , in relation to the first Gulf War .
Her democratic credentials are as solid as his , but there are worries about her apparent enthusiasm for state intervention in the economy -- she seems to believe in the virtues of Keynesian fiscal stimulus at all times -- as well as her ability to control the Workers ' Party the way that Lula did .
And there is every reason to believe that it will stay the course , even if President Sebastián Piñera , who will preside over Chile 's best economic performance in 15 years , is succeeded by former president and rival Michele Bachelet in 2014 .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro-Hugo Chávez platform .
And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Mario 's son , has been helping Humala convince financial markets and the international community that he is now a true believer in capitalism .
Latin Americans ' lack of conviction on such grave matters -- with the exception of the ALBA countries , which have the wrong convictions , but nonetheless believe in them almost religiously -- has marginalized the region on other important international issues , such as the recent crisis in Libya , and the ongoing one in Syria .
Heated exchanges between the authorities and opponents of the laws led many to believe that the devil is , indeed , in the details .
From there , scientists believed , the signals went on to the part of the brain 's cortex that managed body awareness , and somehow the cortex turned them into conscious experience .
In the run up to the election , many Indians could not believe that an African-American would ever be chosen to reside in the White House .
Whatever Obama 's ethnic credentials , India 's government has detected in his statements reason to believe that he will be less supportive than Bush .
Had Dorje remained in Tibet , he could have lost out to his rival , because the 280-year-old Rumtek monastery , the Kagyu school 's holiest institution , is where the sect 's all-powerful `` black hat , '' the symbolic crown of the Karmapa -- believed to be woven from the hair of female deities -- is located .
Yet , by passing the blame for their ongoing terrorist-proxy policy to their mullah puppets , the generals have made the US believe that the key is to contain the religious fringe , not the puppeteers .
Indeed , US intelligence experts believe that Al Qaeda already is badly fragmented and in no position to openly challenge American interests .
`` People seem to be fairly sure it was the Chinese , '' he said . Officials in Germany , Britain , and the US have acknowledged that hackers believed to be from China also have broken into their government and military networks .
Although opinion polls indicate that a majority still supports the status quo , many are beginning to believe that if the country 's official name , the Republic of China , is not acceptable to the international community , then another name might be .
Based on a five-year project that we led at the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , we believe that the UPE goal is not ambitious enough : the world should aim for , and can achieve , high-quality , universal secondary education , as well as universal primary education .
Then there are those who believe that EU enlargement has prevented greater `` deepening , '' and who , with scant regard for the past or the future , argue that pursuing the latter requires abandoning the former .
Indeed , many observers believe that women will determine the election 's outcome .
These women believe that adherence to stereotyped gender roles protects `` good '' women .
But women who believe that their best hope for security is to find a husband often tell interviewers that if other women are allowed to escape the biological consequences of having sex , men will be less willing to offer marriage in return for it .
The moment you believe `` better dead than Red '' you are in trouble .
If Romania 's peasants come to believe that the EU insists that they hug their pigs , not butcher them with knives , their fidelity towards the social democrats will wither .
Third , if the basic values in which the West believes are threatened anywhere , we must either be prepared to defend them or to abandon them without a fight .
In today 's crisis , anyone who believes in Western values must hope that such politicians emerge victorious .
I am a strong , almost old-fashioned believer in parliamentary democracy , but when it comes to situations like postwar Iraq , two other imperatives are equally pressing .
I never believed that the `` Third Way '' politics that held such sway in recent years had quite the same significance or intellectual pedigree .
Once a politician has lost trust however , people will no longer believe him even if he tells the truth .
I believe that such a swing is necessary .
But Popper 's definition of democracy does not help when it comes to a question that has become topical in many parts of the world : what if those removed from power believe in democracy , whereas those who replace them do not ?
They believed that a new age of social democracy had dawned , and for a while they sought to prove their point : Bill Clinton , Tony Blair , Gerhard Schroeder , Romano Prodi , even some of those elected in the postcommunist countries seemed to belong to this political camp .
If we want to persuade others to subscribe to it , we do well to demonstrate that we not only believe in elections and majorities but also in the virtues of responsibility and honor .
Without doubt , President George W. Bush and Prime Minister Tony Blair believed that Saddam Hussein either had , or had the wherewithal to produce , such weapons when they decided for pre-emptive war .
Those of us who believe in a multidimensional culture will be grateful to him for his enormous efforts , thus for his `` catholicism '' in the original sense of the word , his all-embracing concerns .
This is a dangerous state of affairs for those on either side of the Atlantic who believe in the values of the enlightenment and in the constitution of liberty .
Many people believe that it does , and seek to explain phenomena ranging from guerrilla insurgencies to Islamist terrorism accordingly .
Whether an editor publishes cartoons offensive to believers in Muhammad -LRB- or Christ , for that matter -RRB- is a matter of judgment , almost of taste .
In Westminster , every parliamentary sitting begins with Christian prayers presided over by Speakers who could be Christians or Jews or non-believers .
One can understand that enlightened believers in Islam -LRB- of whom there are many -RRB- find it upsetting that the world in which they want to live is in fact frail and vulnerable .
It is high time -- indeed , past time -- for those who believe in liberal and enlightened political discourse to present their case .
While some still believe that the taxpaying public might be persuaded to spend an additional `` penny in the pound '' -LRB- i.e. , 1 % of tax -RRB- of income tax to keep higher education going , most know that this path can be ruled out for general economic as well as political reasons .
I believe the answer to both questions to be yes .
Blair believes that Britain ought to join the Euro , because he wants Britain to be , as he puts it , `` at the heart of Europe '' .
If Tony Blair ever believed any of this , he was a fool .
Many believe that his primary concern in the Euro debate is over how it affects his power vis-à-vis Blair .
Curiously , many voters who oppose Euro membership nonetheless believe that it will happen .
But he pretends that this is an economic question , because he dare not argue , and does not believe in , the case for more political integration .
In 1950 , when the EU was born , the political dilemma was comparatively simple . So was its solution : the large member states -- France , Germany , and Italy -- accepted some common decision-making , because they believed they were still independent nation states .
The three small Benelux member states -- Netherlands , Belgium , and Luxemburg -- accepted common decision-making , because they believed that this would maximize their national interests .
Over the years , they continued to believe , logically if paradoxically , that the small countries could best safeguard their interests by submitting to the logic of majority voting .
There was a time when Brown was thought to be a believer in traditional Labor Party values .
Brown believes , and has said , that Britain must always be close friends with America ; and obviously that is the right thing to believe and say .
While I would strongly argue that the FSA in my day did not favor firms unduly , it is perhaps true that we -- and in this we were exactly like US regulators -- were inclined to believe that markets were generally efficient .
In sharp contrast , the Institute of International Finance , the leading trade association for the world 's top banks , believes that the impact of higher capital requirements could be far stronger .
The IIF believes that GDP could be fully 5 % lower after five years , with unemployment more than 7 % higher .
Like many other people , I tend to believe that anyone paid more than me is prima facie over-rewarded , but I know this is not the most rigorous test I could apply .
They believe that regulators can ring-fence capital supporting different business lines , to prevent contagion risk , and perhaps impose a surcharge on large `` systemic '' firms , to reflect the price of their implicit support from the central bank and government .
I believe that more diversity in banking , and more competition , is highly desirable .
Haldane believes that this growth spurt is well and truly over .
Against that background , it is hard to believe that we will quickly return to the heady growth in financial assets , credit , and risk we saw from the 1970 's to 2007 .
The truth is that such models are most useful when they are little known or not universally believed .
It is not clear how we could know that markets were failing whenever they fell significantly , but believed that we had no business second-guessing them when they climbed .
Governments think we can stop this process by throwing money at it , but there are many reasons to believe that this wo n't work .
But we do n't believe Bacon , either .
Sometimes we believe that science is natural philosophy , and sometimes we believe that science is instrumentality . But in fact it 's both simultaneously , neither `` pure '' nor `` applied . ''
These diverging objectives make it hard to believe that the SCO will ever evolve into an eastern version of NATO .
We in the EU believe that it is our common interest with the US to prevent radicalization and recruitment to terrorism throughout the world .
Not surprisingly , I believe that only the second kind of economist has anything useful to say .
And he and his Federalist colleagues , including John Adams , believed strongly in providing infant industries with room to grow -- even using money from the Department of War to fund experiments in high-tech industry .
Indeed , I believe that things are even worse : as long as aggregate demand remains low , we can not even tell which pieces are right side up .
We know that when Americans become confident again -- when they believe that they could find new jobs if they lost their current ones , and when they can no longer tolerate doubling-up with their in-laws -- they will demand more dwellings than the country has today .
If he and the rest of the Federal Open Market Committee thought that the projected growth of nominal spending in the US was on an appropriate recovery path two months ago , they can not believe that today .
The ECB continues to believe that financial stability is not part of its core business .
But the leaders of Parliament also believed that the absence of a codified authority to act as lender of last resort would not keep the Bank of England from doing so when necessity commanded .
As the late Rudi Dornbusch -LRB- who preceded me as the author of this series of commentaries -RRB- used to say , unsustainable capital inflows always last much longer than economists , who tend to focus firmly on the fundamentals , believe possible .
The fact that so much of the risk from a decline in the dollar falls on those investing in America means that the capital inflow has already gone on much longer than any fundamentals-watching economist -- including me -- would have believed possible .
`` Such is their extreme desire to return to their homes , '' Machiavelli wrote , apropos of Ahmad Chalabi and the Iraqi National Congress , `` that they naturally believe many things that are not true , and add many others on purpose ; so that , with what they really believe and what they say they believe , they fill you with hopes ... ''
This is a key facet of Robert Rubin 's strength : he is a classy guy , one who believes that credit is to be shared .
Angell puzzled over how pre-WWI pan-German politicians could believe that German prosperity required a big battle fleet when the absence of one made no difference to the prosperity of Norway , Denmark , or Holland .
The late Rudiger Dornbusch - who used to write this column - used to say that unsustainable situations lasted longer than economists who believed in market rationality and equilibrium could imagine possible . They then tended to collapse more quickly than anyone could believe .
Indeed , the tendency towards superficiality in coverage of economic issues may have led campaign managers to believe that the press will so distort their message that they dare not even try to set out what they regard as the true rationales for their economic policies .
It would be nice to believe that when the tide of dollar-denominated securities ebbs , the flows of finance currently directed at America will smoothly shift course and boost investment in Asia .
Moreover , Friedman believed that even when private interests were not aligned with public interests , that government could not be relied on to fix the problem .
At the same time , Friedman believed that even when the market equilibrium was not the utilitarian social-welfare optimum , and even when government could be used to improve matters from a utilitarian point of view , there was still an additional value in letting human freedom have the widest berth possible .
There was , Friedman believed , something intrinsically bad about government commanding and ordering people about &#45; &#45; even if the government did know what it was doing .
But on the level of individual societies , I believe that inequality does loom as a serious political-economic problem .
The principal risk I see today is that being borne by investors in dollar-denominated debt -- and I do n't believe they are charging a fair price for what they are doing .
Mr. Greenspan was a strong believer , in practice if not in theory -- for who could understand his theory ? -- that central bankers should speak in an opaque and convoluted dialect .
They are relying on economists ' basic predisposition to believe that more information is always better than less , that individuals are good judges of what they need to know , and that they are able to evaluate and place in perspective what they know .
But banks facing possible liquidity problems -- which the Fed wants to be able to borrow at 5.25 % -- are borrowing from the Fed itself at 5.75 % , as are a few big banks that want more liquidity but do n't believe they could get it without disrupting the market .
To cause a significant current evil in order to avoid a possible future danger when our knowledge is limited and our judgments uncertain is , Greenspan believes , unwise .
On one level , this is very frustrating : we economists believe that people are smart enough to understand their situation and capable enough to pursue their own interests .
We also believe that government should play a powerful role in managing the market to avoid large depressions , redistributing income to produce higher social welfare , and preventing pointless industrial structuring produced by the fads and fashions that sweep the minds of financiers .
There are not even crude gross correlation-based estimates of the size of this effect , but economists believe that it is very real .
Reverse the process , however , and you get the poverty of nations , which Smith believed he saw in the Asia of his time .
It was true of Reagan 's economic advisers as well . Some of Reagan 's advisers sincerely did not believe that the tax cuts of the early 1980 's would generate the large deficits that they did -LRB- Beryl Sprinkel and Lawrence Kudlow come to mind -RRB- .
For example , Lula 's Workers ' Party , which rejected pension reforms submitted by the previous Cardoso administration , expects Lula to preserve far more of the scheme than former President Cardoso believed possible .
The Clinton Administration and the IMF educated financial markets about countries that they believed were following sound policies and that had bright long-run growth prospects .
In 2004-2007 , I considered that I might be wrong about a relatively rapid resolution to the world 's economic distress : as the late Rudi Dornbusch put it , unsustainable macroeconomic imbalances can sustain themselves longer than economists -LRB- with their touching faith in rational human decision making -RRB- believe is possible .
Rudi Dornbusch was right : imbalances can last for longer than economists believe possible .
That , the Fed and the Treasury believed , could not be healthy .
I can understand -LRB- though I disagree with -RRB- opponents of the stimulus plan who believe that the situation is not that dire ; that the government spending will be slow and wasteful -LRB- whereas properly targeted tax cuts would provide a more effective stimulus -RRB- ; and thus that it would have been better to defeat Obama 's stimulus bill and try again in a couple of months .
I can also understand -LRB- though I disagree with -RRB- opponents who believe that the short-run stimulus effect of the plan will be small , while America 's weak fiscal position implies a large long-run drag on the economy from the costs of servicing the resulting debt .
And it is also a fact that we are happier saving and accumulating if we receive positive and negative feedback on our decisions on a time scale that allows us to believe that we can do better next time by altering our strategy -- hence
Of course investors who believe that their wealth is securely liquid , and that they are adding value for themselves by buying and selling are suffering from a delusion .
Psychologically , we are naturally impatient , so it is good for us to believe that our wealth is safe and secure , and that we can add to it through skillful acts of investment , because that delusion makes us behave less impatiently .
And his commitment not to err on the side of underestimating either the difficulty of the situation or the value of keeping employment high would make him , I believe , one of the best possible choices for the position , even if he were not now the incumbent .
Indeed , according to Kocherlakota , nobody really believes them. : `` Macroeconomists use them only as convenient short-cuts to generate the requisite levels of volatility '' in their mathematical models .
First , is it really true that nobody believes these stories ?
Ed Prescott of Arizona State University really does believe that large-scale recessions are caused by economy-wide episodes of forgetting the technological and organizational knowledge that underpin total factor productivity .
Likewise , Casey Mulligan of the University of Chicago really does appear to believe that large falls in the employment-to-population ratio are best seen as `` great vacations '' -- and as the side-effect of destructive government policies like those in place today , which lead workers to quit their jobs so they can get higher government subsidies to refinance their mortgages .
The Economic Policy Institute reports a poll showing that Americans overwhelmingly believe that the economic policies of the past year have greatly enriched the bankers of Midtown Manhattan and London 's Canary Wharf -LRB- they really are n't concentrated along Wall Street or in the City of London anymore -RRB- .
For two and a half centuries , economists have believed that the flow of spending in an economy goes up whenever groups of people decide to spend more .
We believe , though , that the increased use of qualified majority voting by member governments embodied in the new treaty should also be applied to the ratification process itself .
Another compelling explanation comes from a venture capitalist who credits Chinese society with copious reserves of entrepreneurial energy that derives , he believes , from the fact that Chinese culture attaches very little shame to failing in a business enterprise .
While Mohammad is believed to be languishing in a regional jail , Mullah Fazlullah operates with impunity , using the radio to spread a message of hatred and intolerance .
Roughly half as many learn French , a quarter German and an eighth Spanish , and these numbers are falling , despite the Commission 's efforts , because people tend to choose the foreign language that they believe is spoken and studied the most by others .
People tend to opt for the standard -LRB- VHS , Windows , DVD -RRB- that they believe will come out on top , and thus contribute to that victory .
Nationalist and neo-conservative currents within the Bush administration believe that unilateral action best serves US interests because it handcuffs American power the least .
Most supporters of the Constitution believe that it will not only help build a citizens ' Europe , but also create better conditions for European economic development , and for the EU to act globally .
It would be a mistake to believe that the deaths of thousands of civilians , along with arbitrary imprisonment and torture , do not contribute to the spread of terror in Iraq .
The American law professor James Boyle believes that we can grasp the way in which the body has become an object of trade by likening it to the historical process of enclosure .
We do not have to believe in genetic determinism to find that argument compelling .
Hard as it may be to believe , as Reverby was to discover , the abuse in Guatemala was even more egregious .
Most experts believe that the answer to the last question is no -- at least not in the same form .
But most Serbs were beginning to believe that the ballot and not the gun was becoming the dominant tool of politics .
A substantial fraction of Germany 's government -- and , if polls are to be believed , the German people -- actually believe that creating an official state Muslim holiday will somehow spare us from the wrath of fanatical Islamists .
But the Supreme Court 's rulings affirm the fundamental principle that even grave dangers do not warrant the sort of blanket deference to which the Bush Administration believes it is entitled whenever it utters the words `` war '' and `` terrorism . ''
Gallup poll taken before the attacks , and addressed to investors , optimism hit a near 5-year low ; few believe a recovery is already underway .
Only 10 % expect it in the coming 6 months , and 50 % believe it will come only in a year or two .
Up to a third believe there might be a negative quarter soon , but by next year confidence should have fully rebounded , with unemployment peaking at 5 % , a number comfortably below historical standards .
So , though the world seems uncertain , the economic outlook is not as black as the skies in New York may have the world believe .
Everybody makes such calculations when they decide where to take vacations abroad , so why believe that they do not do it for other goods and services ?
Some believe that the crisis was amplified by speculative trading in commodity futures , which have become an integral part of food markets .
There are three main reasons to believe that speculation was not the main driver of the recent food-price surge :
Some immigrants believe it 's shaped like a star to guide them across the Rio Grande to work in the promised land , others think it resembles a devil , offering the tantalizing prospect of legal jobs in the US , only to discover that this is a mirage .
Or believe the promises of the populist President Hugo Chávez in Venezuela .
Public-opinion polls reveal that more than 50 % of the population believe that political parties are `` not necessary '' for the good of the country .
In the midst of the epidemic , 66 % of Mexicans believe that the country is regressing .
The European Union believes that the Russian initiative is well grounded and has shown interest in launching such a project .
Nine countries are known or believed to possess them , and all are improving them in various ways .
We believe that this momentum is absolutely vital to international peace and security , and there are many ways to reinforce it .
We believe that non-nuclear-weapon states also deserve legally binding assurances against the threat or use of nuclear weapons .
Indeed , even something like a self-fulfilling debt crisis is thinkable : if market participants believe that a default or an exit from EMU is imminent , this would drive up government bond yields for the country in question .
It is easy to believe something when someone who appears knowledgeable asserts it .
Or maybe politicians do n't believe any of this and are simply intent on cutting spending for ideological reasons , irrespective of the economic consequences .
But who would be so cynical as to believe that ?
In the United States , those who argue for another stimulus package observe that it was always wishful thinking to believe that a $ 787 billion package could offset a $ 3 trillion fall in private spending .
Indeed , it would be naïve to believe that the crisis is the only reason that public finances are in bad shape .
It believed that the peripheral economies would deliver serious fiscal austerity , notwithstanding their dreadful growth outlook and general lack of competitiveness .
It also believed that the core countries would relieve the ECB burden of mounting bailout costs .
My inclination is to believe that the head will prevail -- but not completely .
If the answers to the first two questions are `` no '' -- as I believe they are -- the third question becomes vitally important .
So long as General Mladic and his henchmen do not join Mr. Milosevic in The Hague , we can not believe that the FRY really belongs in the company of democratic European states in respect to the rule of law .
If Iraq indeed had weapons of mass destruction , as Bush believed , Hussein 's departure would have left such weapons in the hands of ... whom exactly ?
Their deaths are easier to stomach , and to justify , so long as airmen and soldiers , and the public watching at home , believe the violence was at least directed against evil incarnate .
For Americans , 1989 validated everything they already believed .
They saw demonstrators in East European capitals and Chinese crowds in Tiananmen Square chanting for freedom , and believed that those throngs wanted to be American .
But there is enough evidence to believe that both anatomically modern humans and Neanderthals began burying their dead 100,000 years ago - and probably before , as suggested by the recent dating at 160,000 years of a Neanderthal burial site at Tabun , Israel .
Local historians at Solovki believe that the atypical cupolas illustrated on the note date the picture to the end of the 1920 's , the time of the camp 's peak development .
Most believe that Putin is unable to intervene in his defense .
Preaching nationalism , its managers will believe in their universal competence , as opposed to KGB-style professionalism and corporatism .
Prokhorov , who is 46 , seemed to believe that his business experience would boost his political prospects .
NEW YORK -- Good news not only sells less well than bad news , but also often seems harder to believe .
In fact , there is good reason to believe that the situation is less alarming and more containable than this .
And there is every reason to hope , and believe , that our experience is gradually becoming universal .
Such figures have led many observers to believe that overall domestic demand must be low , leaving China dependent on external markets for growth .
But I believe that other factors are also essential One-factor mobility may work well in a theoretical model , but in the dynamic real world , if the income gap can not be narrowed rapidly enough , conditions that serve to enlarge the gap -- such as unfavorable geography -- may come to dominate .
I believe that the most important institution in preventing dire urban poverty is a unique land system for China 's rural areas .
For it to be useful , believers in scarce oil must be able to predict such things as the timing of the oil peak , the state of demand when oil production reaches it , and the pattern of decline .
Moreover , despite what many believe , crude oil is far from being a homogenous product .
Some who believe in the imminence of peak oil consider these barriers essentially irrelevant , arguing that their removal would merely delay the peak for a few years .
I also believe that there is a relationship between the need for therapy and the political choices that countries make .
It is generally believed that the appropriate preventive measure is to stop burning fossil fuels and reduce the abundance of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
I believe it is critical that the US set a very high international standard for nuclear restraint .
Of course , Reagan and Thatcher have always had their critics , some of whom now believe that the world economy will revert to pre-Reagan and pre-Thatcher policies .
Many forecasters currently believe that there is a significant probability that the economy will slump during the next 12 months -- a `` double dip '' in the expansion process .
While that is useful information , it does not say anything about the extent to which each forecaster believes that growth might turn out to be less than 1 % , or even less than zero .
The level of Greek interest rates shows that markets believe that Greece will default very soon .
Most experts believe that limiting the rise in debt will require slowing the growth of these `` entitlement '' programs and increasing taxes as a share of GDP .
I may be too optimistic , but I think there is good reason to believe that the current budget stalemate reflects election posturing , and that the US political system will prove more effective at making progress on fiscal consolidation once the election is past .
A country that believes that monetary or fiscal policy is too tight may threaten to leave if policy is not changed .
I believe that the government will act on all of these reasons for high saving , making credit more widely available , introducing a health insurance system , and relaxing some of the down-payment requirements .
But eight in ten Americans think that terrorist attacks are unlikely , and many voters believe that involvement in Afghanistan and Iraq will increase rather than limit America 's vulnerability to terrorism .
Many in Moldova and Europe believed that another authoritarian state was emerging in the European neighborhood .
To believe that Europe could keep out of this conflict is a dangerous illusion .
I believe it does , more than ever , because the rift between Europe and America leaves both sides substantially weaker in global terms .
I believe it is not .
There is no reason to believe that the current global economic crisis has bottomed out .
But if it turns toward the past in looking for its future , and if it believes it can dispense with investments in the future in favor of shameless personal self-enrichment , it will continue to lose ground .
Does she seriously believe that the euro and the EU would survive such punitive action ?
It is hard to believe that Netanyahu , of all Israeli prime ministers , would be the one to accept idly Iran 's entry into the nuclear club .
I believe that these fears are exaggerated , even misplaced .
But China 's rise to global power , I believe , will not , owing to its massive population of 1.2 billion people , which threatens to overstretch the structures of any kind of government system and its decision makers .
President George W. Bush believed that he needed to take account of only one half of America 's dual role in the Middle East , namely the alliance with Israel .
What does the German government believe the consequences Qaddafi 's retention of power would be , both in humanitarian terms and in terms of Realpolitik ?
It was believed at the time that formalized rules -- imposing mandatory limits on deficits , debt , and inflation -- would be enough .
To be sure , governments can not escape their responsibilities to their citizens , and only the most naïve technocrat believes that the market alone can ensure energy independence .
It is a mistake to believe that ecological concerns can be addressed only through negative growth .
As a matter of fact , a case can be made that the French will never come to believe that the state lacks power , globalization or no globalization .
But what about those who believe that `` rich Jews '' control , say , the media ?
Those who opt for terror always believe their cause is just .
The international community 's rejection of conspiracy charges is correct , I believe , because international criminal proceedings are oriented to post hoc justice -- to judging those who are alleged to have already brought about massacres and other major crimes that concern the international community .
Another favorite delusion in the West is to believe that Iran will surrender if pressure is steadily increased .
Iran has also believed that it could split France , and perhaps Germany , away from the United States -- as if either country would risk infuriating the Americans for the sake of a leader like Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Moreover , many economists believe that the euro 's post-launch dive against the dollar was simply not justified by macroeconomic fundamentals in America and Europe , which its revival in the spring and summer of 2002 seem to confirm .
In Afghanistan , where withdrawal dates have already been set , it is difficult to believe that a cohesive unified state can be established .
Your Genes or Mine , How Different Are We ? For some time , scientists have believed that individual human beings were 99.9 % genetically identical .
I believe that Huntington is wrong on both counts .
Following Alexandre Kojève , the Russian-French philosopher who inspired my original argument , I believe that the European Union more accurately reflects what the world will look like at the end of history than the contemporary United States .
Many people within the Bush administration believed that even without approval by the UN Security Council or NATO , American power would be legitimized by its successful use .
It is widely believed that Supreme Leader Khamenei put the current nutcase president Mahmoud Ahmedinejad into office as a means of counterbalancing former president Rafsanjani , and has been regretting this decision ever since as Ahmedinejad spouted off about the Holocaust and pushed Iran deeper and deeper into isolation .
I believe that the answer continues to be yes .
Today , it is hard to believe that in the heyday of the welfare state , universities were both more elite and more publicly funded than they are today .
I firmly believe that we should not allow ourselves to participate in these games , nor that we should believe that Russia 's fascist organizations do n't have anything to do with the government .
As monks , we believe in alleviating suffering wherever we see it , as part of the vows we have taken .
But we believe that the protests represent the beginning of the end of military rule in our country .
In Asia , people in most countries still believe that a ¡ ° good democracy ¡ ± is more important than a ¡ ° strong economy . ¡ ± The opposite is true , however , in democratic Indonesia , where 69 % prefer a strong economy .
Few people believe in the Putin regime 's ability to achieve serious change .
Kremlin watchers , also stuck with Cold War mindsets , prefer to believe that President Putin and his ministers are playing a game of `` good cop\/bad cop , '' in which , where the West is concerned , Mr Putin is good and everyone else is bad .
Of course , Russia 's generals readily believe the most paranoid explanations of American motives -LRB- particularly now , when American foreign policy seems so arrogant -RRB- .
But there is little reason to believe that this proposed bureaucratic monster will provide better security than the existing FSB and MVD forces .
Yet Obasanjo has said that he would release Taylor only to an elected government of Liberia , and many believe that Taylor is waiting it out until his allies are in a position to let him return with no threat of prosecution .
But this time , the markets were calm , mostly because economists believe that Chile 's GDP will continue growing in 2006 at a brisk 6.3 % annual rate .
Nevertheless , we believe that a minimal set of financial sector reforms -- essentially making banks ' balance sheets strong enough to withstand substantial interest-rate policy actions -- should suffice to implement a low inflation objective .
Beyond that , many believe the only hard work will be to use existing laws to benefit humankind in new technological ways .
Chemistry and biochemistry are similarly solid -- there are some things we do n't understand about the body , but it is believed that the basic machinery of how cells and molecules interact is known .
A significant reason is believed to be the steady flight of intellectuals from Iraq , which seems obvious , but is difficult to measure .
It is vital that Russians believe that Medvedev 's words reflect his priorities , and that he is prepared to fight for them .
He believed that the state had an `` ardent obligation '' to engage in economic planning .
Whether describing genes for the color of flowers in pea plants or the shape of the fruit fly 's wings , geneticists at the beginning of the last century believed that each gene governed one unique characteristic .
Occurring on the 72nd anniversary of the 1931 Mukden Incident that led to the Japanese occupation of Manchuria , 90 % of Chinese respondents to an Internet poll said they believed that the Japanese businessmen intended to humiliate China .
Given their large foreign-exchange reserves , we believe the time to begin such an initiative is now .
In effect , EU officials are saying to investors , `` Whom do you believe -- us or your own eyes ? ''
If the Arabs believe their own argument that Zionism is colonialism , with themselves as the victims , then , whether or not anybody else accepts this view , the lessons that the Arabs glean from colonial experiences become relevant to prospects for peace between Arabs and Israelis .
No one believes that such an edifice can be detached from the government , or that he will abstain from taking part in his wife 's decisions as president .
Néstor will not publicly express any attitude that hints at shared government , but nobody believes that he will be far from the scene .
Survey after survey show that most Turks believe in God and identify themselves as Muslims .
Clearly , this devout believer was overtaken by the sanctity of this pagan temple and was praying to his own God in the only way he knew .
But no debate is more persistent than that between those who believe that American foreign policy 's principal purpose should be to influence the external behavior of other states and those who hold that it should be to shape their internal nature .
Such `` revisionists '' were a distinct minority , which is a good thing , as there is no reason to believe that the Soviets and Communism were a benign force .
The difference between Muslim conservatives and reformists can be measured in two ways : their stance on the possibility of making personal judgments on religious matters -LRB- known in religious terms as `` diligence '' -RRB- and their attitude towards non-Muslims . Conservatives believe that the revealed law was settled during the glorious days of Islam , and that individual interpretation should therefore be restricted .
As for attitudes toward non-Muslims -LRB- or non-practicing Muslims , for that matter -RRB- , conservatives believe that the coming of Islam abrogated all other religions , while reformists believe that Islam completes other religions , but does not invalidate or disprove them .
They believe that the ways to God and paradise are numerous .
With the evident failure of both leftist and rightist governments to stem the rising wave of unemployment , a growing part of the French and German electorates no longer seems to believe in traditional solutions .
The Netherlands , which is popularly believed to have legalized cannabis use along these lines , has in fact tolerated only small-scale retail sales of marijuana in a limited number of coffee shops in its larger cities .
There may have been some truth to this in the past , although never to the extent that many Cypriots believe .
The United States and the Pakistani army , meanwhile , evidently believe that their sole responsibility is to keep the Taliban at bay .
Ordinary men and women in Swat believe in education , but the Taliban were terrorizing them out of exercising their legal and constitutional rights .
Many experts believe that , two years later , the US has still not begun to take the urgent steps necessary to defend itself against further attacks .
I believe that a stability pact for the region could help to match what was achieved a decade ago in the Balkans .
Similarly , the seventeenth-century Hungarian Transylvanian Countess Elizabeth Báthory , who tortured young girls to death and believed in the curative power of bathing in their blood , contributed to the West 's image of Eastern Europe as the heart of darkness of the human soul .
On both the scientific and the Catholic view , whoever believed in vampires was regarded as superstitious and condemned as uneducated .
Indeed , atheists and agnostics do not behave less morally than religious believers , even if their virtuous acts rest on different principles .
Non-believers often have as strong and sound a sense of right and wrong as anyone , and have worked to abolish slavery and contributed to other efforts to alleviate human suffering .
Unlike many Western politicians who insincerely seek to placate Russia , supposedly in the interests of peace and friendship , I believe that friendship with Russia is served best if we act towards it as equals and tell the truth to its face , unpleasant as this may be .
Indeed , I believe that `` West '' should gradually become a morally neutral word again .
Today we live in a democratic society , but many people - not only in the Czech Republic - still believe that they are not true masters of their destiny .
During the communist era , most people believed that individual efforts to effect change did not make sense .
The very same people often believe in other manifestations of inevitability , such as various supposed laws of the market and other `` invisible hands '' that direct our lives .
I firmly believe that the new members of the EU will not forget their experience of totalitarianism and non-violent opposition to evil , and that that experience will be reflected in how they behave in EU bodies .
Russia , I believe , should clearly say -- and the international community should clearly say to Russia -- that it has defined borders that will not be questioned , because disputed borders lie at the core of most conflicts and wars .
An overwhelming number of Burma 's Buddhist monks have found it difficult to bear the central and regional governments ' efforts to corrupt their monastic orders , and to misuse the example of the monks ' self-restraint to increase the pressure on other believers .
We believe that the former communist Central and Eastern European countries are in a unique position to support the democracy movements in Cuba based on the similarities of their histories and experiences . Our intentions in pushing for democratization are based on friendship and cooperation , good will and an understanding of the needs , expectations and hopes of Cuban people .
There are two reasons why we believe that Liu would be a worthy recipient of that prestigious award .
It is primarily for these two reasons that we believe that Liu would be a worthy recipient of the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize .
Corruption is widely believed to be endemic in the country 's police , secret service , administration , government , and Prosecutor 's Office .
While observers believe that further harassment of NGOs is constrained by the administration 's wariness of international reaction , particularly from the EU , the operating environment for civil-society organizations remains extremely difficult , and they have no opportunities for genuine inclusion in policymaking .
No doubt , the Saudis believe that a Shia-led Bahrain would lead to Iranian dominance at their very doorstep .
Even if some sort of communiqué is cobbled together in December -- and countries with elections coming up , such as the United Kingdom , will push for one -- it is hard to believe that it will contain sufficient detail or reflect the proper level of commitment to have the impact so desperately needed .
And some analysts in Seoul believe that a dicey political succession in Pyongyang , combined with food shortages in the countryside , could prove too much for the North Korean regime to handle .
South Koreans increasingly are coming to believe that North Korea will not be in the family of nations for long -- that sooner or later -LRB- perhaps even in this decade -RRB- , the North will collapse and its malnourished people will become future citizens of a reunified Republic of Korea .
For Americans -LRB- and others -RRB- who believe that the Arab world thinks about nothing but the Palestinian cause , events this spring in North Africa , the Arabian Peninsula , and even the Levant should have convinced them otherwise .
They may also suggest a slight tendency , on the part of those uttering them , to believe in some kind of supernatural endorsement .
So Blair 's concession that he must leave office , a decision so long postponed and so disastrously protracted , represents among other things a triumph of the mundane over the permanent temptation to believe that politics is about anything else .
Important members of the administration apparently believe that Saddam Hussein was behind the 1993 attempt to knock down the World Trade Center , and that he carefully covered his tracks , making it appear that the attack was directed by Arab militants secluded in the wilds of Afghanistan .
It is difficult to believe that they were the only ones so inclined .
Some well-informed people believe that those funds were used to kick off Pakistan 's secret nuclear program .
Polls show that developed nations now believe that the world 's biggest problems are terrorism and climate change .
Many prominent Jordanians believe that our reliance on Iraqi markets and oil ought to be the basis of a priority alliance .
Many believe that Germany 's stance represents pacifist , rather than anti-American , sentiment .
I believe that every member state should administer those policies that do not directly and significantly affect other member states .
I do not believe it is right to make a change of such magnitude without specifically consulting the people on whose behalf we govern .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Al Thani clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum .
Even as they are becoming ever more litigious , many Chinese believe that they have no hope of securing justice against the powerful .
If an entire society believes that you can not depend on legal rights for protection - that one must instead rely on a web of relationships with those who have power and influence - questions about whether such a society is livable or desirable will remain .
He refused to settle privately , because he believed that if he let corrupt government officials off the hook , `` they 'll keep scamming the public . ''
By contrast , it is a mistake to believe that force can eliminate Islamist movements .
It is hard to believe that , with today 's vast capital flows , the single market would have survived a series of sharp and abrupt exchange-rate changes .
America 's Democrats continue to argue for complete withdrawal of United States forces from Iraq within 18 months , despite the fact that no rational observer believes that Iraqi forces will by then be able to secure Iraq 's borders and face down the country 's numerous militias , which remain armed to the teeth .
As for the Republicans , setting aside Sarah Palin 's talk of America 's divine mission in the war on terror , it is inconceivable that John McCain truly believes that a US presence is sustainable in Iraq into the indefinite future .
Iraq 's government is demanding a withdrawal timetable from the US , not because it believes that Iraqi forces will be ready to take over soon , but to burnish its nationalist credentials ahead of next year 's parliamentary elections .
Many scholars believe that it is the second general election , not the first , which is the most important test of any new democracy .
Security forces recently intercepted suicide bombers entering Iraqi Kurdistan from Iran , with , Kurdish leaders believe , the support and training of Iranian intelligence .
Second , Maliki 's tenure has been worrying to those who believe in democracy and the peaceable transfer of power .
Ever since the euro was first proposed , skeptics -LRB- mostly American -RRB- and believers -LRB- mostly European -RRB- have fiercely debated the economic preconditions for the single currency , its benefits for members , and its political feasibility .
European believers insist that the single currency is really founded on the strong political will to secure eternal peace in Europe .
During the eurozone 's first , prosperous decade , European believers seemed to have won the debate .
For Chinese officials who believe that yen appreciation was the source of Japan 's chronic economic malaise , the Plaza Accord of September 1985 -- a concerted effort by the US , the United Kingdom , France , West Germany , and Japan to depreciate the dollar -- is Exhibit A. The yen soared from ¥ 240 : $ 1 in September 1985 to ¥ 200 : $ 1 the following December .
Anyone who believes in the rights of all children to quality education should be troubled by a decision so myopic .
Darwin believed that present-day organisms are descendants of much simpler ancestors : they are the products of unbroken lines of heredity that stretch back to the origin of life .
Zhao 's allies are not out to `` humiliate China . '' Rather , like those around the world who believe China deserves credit for its impressive achievements -- indeed , like Liu Xiaobo himself -- they want their country to develop governing institutions befitting its growing economic stature .
Many French writers also express a vivid feeling of national decline , and many ordinary citizens believe that the rules of the global economy work against French national interests .
Before 1981 , visionaries who thought about the impact of technology on society believed that the computer would allow a centralization of knowledge and power .
Some observers believe that this interconnectivity has now , after a quarter-century , made the PC obsolete .
After all , there is no reason to believe that Asians share a particular yearning for authoritarianism , or that , say , Chinese pro-democracy movements are insincere stooges for Western interests .
The Ghosts of Summits Past PRINCETON -- The world is confronted by a dramatic financial crisis that many policymakers believe is more severe than the interwar Great Depression .
In the 1980s , President Reagan believed that America was losing its entrepreneurial edge , and that Japan and Europe were overtaking it , so he let the deficit rip .
The 37th President of the United States believed that international monetary relations are unlikely to be transformed by talking .
The administrations of both Bill Clinton and George W. Bush believed that extending home ownership would generate greater social stability . Legislation from even further back , such as the 1977 Community Reinvestment Act , helped to push banks into providing more financing for housing .
The debate about China 's artificially pegged exchange rate has led Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan and French President Nicolas Sarkozy to begin to believe that they , too , might try shaping exchange rates . Indeed , Sarkozy has promised to make the search for a `` better '' exchange-rate system a key part of France 's agenda when it chairs the G-20 next year .
The revelation of deception makes it impossible to believe that governments are really enforcing rules adequately and fairly .
Until the eruption of the current scandal , the youngest of Murdoch 's three children from his second marriage , James , was generally believed to stand the greatest chance of succeeding his father .
Indeed , perhaps the fundamental definition of religious faith is the believe that life serves a -LRB- divine -RRB- purpose .
They tend to believe that culture reflects the existence of a soul type , or that it 's an expression of humans ' intelligence and creativity .
As Darwin did not believe that pure aesthetics would guide female peacocks and lions in their choice of mating partners , he had to find a rational reason for females ' preference for males with hindering characteristics .
Its handling of the Asian financial crisis in 1997-1998 severely antagonized leading middle-income emerging-market countries -- and they still believe that the Fund does not have their interests at heart .
European leaders are wrong if they believe that Greece can achieve a solution through a resumption of normal market lending .
But even leaving aside the fiscal implications , many labor economists now believe that early retirement has failed to open up jobs for young people and reduce unemployment rates .
In December 2005 , Vice President Dick Cheney said , `` There is every reason to believe that they are seriously pursuing nuclear weapons . ''
We both believed that the only sensible thing to do with the bomb was to get rid of it .
In a memo of 1964 , he wrote that `` the political damage to Truman and Acheson from the fall of China arose because most Americans came to believe that we could and should have done more than we did to prevent it .
Johnson , Bundy , and the others of course believed the `` domino '' theory , which says that one country `` falling '' to communism would cause others to fall .
A conservative is someone who , in the tradition of the eighteenth-century English parliamentarian Edmund Burke , believes that the established order deserves respect , even reverence .
Wilson is fingered as the originator of `` progressivism , '' which in turn , is -- believe it or not -- also identified as the point of origin of Nazism and Bolshevism .
But I also believe that the fundamentalist approach that can be sensed in certain circles is skirting the limits of the acceptable .
The common expression in France that great rivers are created out of tiny streams captures the sort of strategy for countering global warming through sustainable development that I believe could be effective .
Many believe that Congress -- with its commitment to secular values , economic growth , and helping the poor -- now has a mandate to transform India into a great power .
But Jawaharlal Nehru , India 's first prime minister , believed in industrialization and urbanization , famously calling the new mega-dam projects his government underwrote the `` temples of modern India . ''
The essential challenge before him and his country is not transitioning from a more to a less state-directed economic system , as many of those cheering Congress 's electoral victory believe .
Bulgaria 's Betrayal of Europe When Bulgaria joined the European Union this past January , I believed that my country had finally left its repressive past behind .
Few believe it is possible to strengthen Russia by creating an almost Soviet-style political system , but without that system 's main state-forming component -- the Communist Party and its ideology .
When the Soviet Union withdrew from Central and Eastern Europe , we Russians believed that NATO would not be extended to the countries and territories from which we had withdrawn .
Apparently , the advocates of eliminating nuclear weapons believe that such change is possible .
As coalition forces were routing the Iraqi army in February 1991 , President George H.W. Bush encouraged the Iraqi people to `` take matters into their hands to force Saddam Hussein the dictator to step aside . '' When Iraqi Shiites , Kurds , and Marsh Arabs rebelled against Hussein , they believed that American forces would protect them against their brutal dictator 's superior firepower .
Reformist critics believe that in order to mobilize people it will not be enough just to campaign against Ahmadinejad .
It does not believe that sanctions can bring about its collapse .
It is widely believed that the president would like to reduce the clergy 's influence and increase the power of the Revolutionary Guards , his main source of institutional support .
Ahmadinejad himself , however , has generally ignored the post-election crisis in his public statements , and evidently believed that Khamenei 's post-election support meant that the Supreme Leader would remain passive in the face of encroachments on his traditional powers and prerogatives .
He has given official propagandists the green light to attack Ahmadinejad and his cronies explicitly , portraying them as people who do not believe in the principle of the guardianship of the Shia jurist , the key concept bequeathed by the Islamic Republic 's founder , Grand Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini .
We demanded an independent judiciary , because we believed that democracy and prosperity are impossible without the rule of law , and that the rule of law requires a judiciary that can act as a constraint on the government .
For two and a half years , I supported Musharraf and believed his promises to bring genuine democracy to Pakistan .
Some were talented and believed that the new subsidies and incentives rendered long-term investments in the industry highly attractive .
Soviet scientists believed that the Americans would keep their plans secret until after they had succeeded in launching a satellite , so all our efforts were put into beating the Americans to the launch .
At other times , like Stalin , he believes that Russia 's power requires a strong hand -- what he calls his `` dictatorship of law . ''
Despite his insistence on rubbing shoulders with world leaders and portraying himself as a modernizer , Putin , like his predecessors , is in fact a ruler who believes that only authoritarian rule can protect his country from anarchy and disintegration .
From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bush 's self-righteous certitude led him to believe that he could say and do anything to get his way .
But all the same he treated Gorbachev in a more decent manner because Yeltsin fundamentally believed in democracy .
By contrast , successful democracies believe that nobody is irreplaceable .
Moreover , he appears to believe that confrontations between the state and civil society are counterproductive .
China believes that it has found its own model to develop and modernize , and its rulers regard the Games in the same way as the Nazis and Leonid Brezhnev did , as a means of `` selling '' their model to a global audience .
He does not need to modernize Russia so that it can actually compete with the world 's mightiest powers ; he just needs to bluster enough that people -- particularly his own -- believe that Russia is once again among the first rank of nations .
I have always been puzzled by the naïveté of analysts , in Russia and abroad , who believed that Putin would never be so bold as to make a mockery of Russia 's electoral system by reclaiming the presidency .
If he believes that , he is fooling only himself .
Power in Russia is a product of inertia and personal willfulness , and a generally apathetic public has traditionally surrendered to the country 's paradox of tyranny : a weak state believes that it can function as a strong state by depriving citizens of basic liberties and the ability to make their own decisions .
I believe in the power of diplomacy and engagement . I prioritize dialogue over debate or declaration .
I believe that a solution is within reach .
A survey in July 2009 found that 64 % of respondents in seven Arab countries believe that Turkey 's EU membership prospects makes Turkey an attractive partner for reform in the Arab world , underscoring the direct link between Turkey 's foreign-policy potential and its EU accession course .
If he sincerely believes that the mentally retarded should never be executed , he should instruct his Justice Department to file a Supreme Court brief opposing McCarver 's execution , and urge state governors to ban the practice .
Instead , his successor , Naoto Kan , continues to believe that Japan can somehow opt out of history and a turbulent region .
Some believe that North Korea has begun displaying its growing nuclear threat in order to secure the succession to power of Kim Jong-un , Kim Jong-il 's rotund , twenty-something youngest son .
He apparently believed that , following the defeat that Obama absorbed in the mid-term elections , the US would lack the will to stand up to a fresh nuclear threat and would move to conclude a peace accord with his regime , thus perpetuating his dynasty . `` We are ready for both dialogue and war , '' Kim has declared .
For example , in the quiet rural city of Rikuzentakata , with a population of 23,000 , it is believed that 5,000 of its 8,000 households disappeared in the disaster .
The regime in Pyongyang is seeking to ensure that power passes to a third generation of Kims , represented by the pudgy and well-fed `` Dear Young General , '' Kim Jong-un , and appears to believe that provocations such as its bombardment of a South Korean island earlier this year are the way to secure the succession .
The Chinese navy , it is now believed , is trying to achieve that very aim .
The inhabitants of Yonaguni strongly oppose the law , not because they are exclusionary , but because they believe that they are protecting a sensitive border .
The US believed that the massive amounts of aid that it doled out to Egypt , Israel , and Jordan guaranteed both stability and cooperation on issues of American interest .
People from the region still believe in the EU , but they are not sure that the EU believes in itself .
Voting No on the EU Constitution would not constitute a French No to Europe , as some believe ; it would merely be a vote of no confidence in Chirac 's presidency .
Does anyone really believe the French would have voted No had France 's economic growth rates been double or triple their current levels ?
Several frustrated hawks on the Governing Council are dead set against cutting interest rates precisely because they believe that , at 4 % , rates already have been `` cut '' from the 5 % or so levels they had expected to achieve .
Many Poles believe that they should not sell their land to foreigners , because Poland 's identity is somehow buried within its poor soil .
If we believe , as the Catholic Church believes , that human beings bear the burden of original sin , but are perfectible ; that human beings can understand what is good and bad and can choose between them because we have free will , then approval of the free market is understandable and not naive .
Indeed , it is believed that North Korea during this time increased its stockpile of nuclear weapons .
Jesus worded it positively : `` So in everything , do to others what you would have them do to you . '' Islam , too , has a similar concept : `` None of you believes until he wishes for his brother what he wishes for himself . ''
The Israelis seem to believe that their only option is to tighten the screws on Gaza .
While European public and private support to Israel , especially in its founding years , is believed to be very extensive , the US has created a firewall of vetoes and political protection for Israel , in addition to providing massive financial support .
Stubbornly refusing to talk face to face while settlement activities are not completely frozen has focused attention on what many believe is the crux of Israel 's colonial occupation regime .
Instead , the Americans have their own ideas about how to achieve a breakthrough , especially with Israel , which the Obama administration believes is now the major obstacle .
Abbas conducts himself in a business-like manner , and he strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics .
In this he also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation . Until liberation , there could be no business as usual .
Even though your ascension to the position of Prime Minister came in an awkward way because of Ariel Sharon 's stroke , I believe that you have an opportunity to be part of a historic reconciliation .
I believe that the chances for a political breakthrough in our region have never been better .
While I believe that the occupation , rather than the reaction to it , is the main cause of our conflict , the unilateral tahdia -LRB- `` declared calm '' -RRB- decision by Palestinian militant groups has reduced anti-Israeli attacks mightily , which shows that Palestinians also realize the limits of their military actions .
While I understand that you are an Israeli patriot , I believe that much can be done to reduce the tensions between our two peoples , eventually leading to genuine reconciliation and peace .
Historically , cease-fires have survived only when they are backed by talks that both parties believe are genuine and serious .
Nevertheless , 62 % of Palestinians said that they believe Hamas should change its position regarding recognition of Israel .
UMNO is widely believed to have held talks with Anwar before .
In the last century Estonians believed in security guarantees and the Finns did not .
But Ellwanger 's appeal , which took almost a year for Brazil 's Supreme Court to hear and decide , put Brazil squarely on the side of those who believe that inciting hatred against even a small minority - such as Jews in Brazil - can not be allowed in the name of freedom of speech .
The Ellwanger case arose because many believe that anti-racism laws can be effective in reassuring minorities of their safety and place in the community .
Like China and unlike Japan , India resisted changes in its ancient beliefs about the way the world works -LRB- and should work -RRB- which modernization entails . Instead , like many Islamic countries today , India wrongly believed Gandhi 's doctrine that modernization necessarily means Westernization .
Indeed , the continuing influence of the Meiji tradition clearly implies that Japan 's post-war economic `` miracle '' could not have been due to the enlightened dirigisme of a developmental state , as many Western commentators believe .
They reject the widely accepted view , based on early sacred texts , that ancient believers did not ban the slaughter of cattle , and that such a ban probably became part of the Hindu moral code only around the fifth and sixth centuries AD , when the later Puranas were written .
Deconstructionists do not believe that any settled `` facts '' exist .
Indeed , some analysts believe that such restrictions were a principal cause of food-price rises in 2008 .
I believe that it is obsolete , pedagogically disastrous , and ignores the tremendous scientific advances of the twentieth century .
Indeed , even Bush 's own political base , the Christian fundamentalists , are becoming `` green , '' pressuring the administration to sign the Kyoto Protocol because they believe that the environment must be protected just like unborn life .
I am inclined to believe that the problem of malnutrition in poor countries has little to do with technology or development as such .
Whereas the European project is founded on the rule of law , Russia believes that when the balance of power changes , the laws should be changed to reflect it .
While EU leaders believe that peace and stability is built through interdependence , Russia 's leaders are intent on creating a situation in which the EU needs Russia more than Russia needs the EU , particularly in the energy sector .
Cycling and Cancer The cyclist Lance Armstrong recently celebrated an anniversary . It has been ten years since he was diagnosed with metastatic testicular cancer , which his doctors believed would kill him .
In addition to the emotional advantage that Armstrong believed that cancer gave him , his new body also made him a more effective cyclist .
There is an even greater silent force which may produce a new generation of political leaders : the rapidly growing army of Christian believers , now estimated at 20 million .
With a population of 1.3 billion , China has no lack of people with leadership potential , and I believe that more and more of this talent is situated outside the Party bureaucracy in NGOs , startup enterprises , philanthropy , and even missionary work .
That may be true , but I also believe that a new generation of political leaders can grow up in a more open information environment .
More importantly , even the regulators themselves have ceased to believe in obsolete and rigid doctrines .
For their part , producers of news have long since ceased to believe that news is propaganda .
Having studied these factors , we believe that the world economy is on the verge of a transformative change -- the transition to a multipolar world economic order .
In Global Development Horizons 2011 , the World Bank presents what it believes to be the most probable global currency scenario in 2025 -- a multicurrency arrangement centered on the dollar , euro , and renminbi .
For the last couple of years , the FARC , many of whose leaders believe that they `` win '' simply by prolonging the conflict , has been seeking ways -- for example , a humanitarian exchange and political recognition -- to ease the military pressure that it has faced since Uribe came to power .
More than 80 % of Russians , according to a poll conducted last summer , believe that `` many civil servants practically defy the law . ''
Polls routinely indicate that more than 80 % of Russians believe that they can make no difference in national or even regional affairs .
When the Soviet Union collapsed , many believed that the Cuban regime would take the road to reform , however grudgingly .
It makes us believe that we only have one choice .
They believe that societies can be transformed by pouring money into raising educational standards .
But , while it is right to believe in the power of education -- indeed , many scholars are convinced that it creates healthier , more prosperous citizens -- such enthusiasm does n't tell us how to get more children to stay in school longer , or how to ensure that they learn useful skills while they are there .
Similarly , mistaken beliefs are often a problem : for example , diabetes is referred to colloquially as `` sugar , '' and diabetics can erroneously believe that curbing sugar intake is the only thing they need to do .
We once believed that the sky would fall .
The EU believes it is showing the way , but if the world follows the Union , it seems that we are more likely simply to become lost .
Republican John McCain believes that it presents `` a test of foresight , of political courage , and of the unselfish concern that one generation owes to the next , '' while Democrat Barack Obama calls it `` one of the greatest moral challenges of our generation . ''
Many people -- including America 's new president -- believe that global warming is the preeminent issue of our time , and that cutting CO2 emissions is one of the most virtuous things we can do .
Some believe Obama should follow the lead of the European Union , which has committed itself to the ambitious goal of cutting carbon emissions by 20 % below 1990 levels within 12 years by using renewable energy .
Some would have us believe that getting China and India on board will be easy .
Some believe that past agreements did not go far enough , but Kyoto actually turned out to be overly ambitious .
More recently , a BBC study found that only 26 % of Britons believe that man-made `` climate change is happening , '' down from 41 % in November 2009 .
But the problem with the recent media frenzy is that some seem to believe no new report or development is enough if it does n't reveal more serious consequences and more terrifying calamities than humanity has ever considered before .
With hindsight , I believe we sold its assets too quickly .
Many citizens believe that European cooperation benefits only the privileged , and that workers and pensioners face higher taxes because cross-border integration has helped the rich find ways to avoid paying their fair share on interest and capital gains .
For that very reason , the outcome of the war is likely to be more satisfactory than many now seem to believe .
Indeed , such a mal-diagnosis could delay what I believe will be an eventual solid recovery in Japan .
Islam is a faith . It must be believed .
But what is it that we must believe when each branch of Islam thinks the other one is wrong ?
One learned religious teacher , for example , refused to believe that a man had landed on the moon .
In the 1950 's and 1960 's , few leading Indians believed that their country could compete with the industrialized economies .
The NDP appears to believe that democratization must begin with changing the political culture and instilling democratic values .
The base of world terrorism consists of daring fanatics who believe in a sacred , fiery destiny .
I do n't dare to believe , as Dostoevsky did , that beauty can save our world .
The dream of improving the world disguised a farce that affected not only a single life , as in Cervantes ' story , and affected not only the misleading army of buffoons believed to be missionaries .
It requires a large reserve of imagination , optimism , or plain stupidity to believe that one 's fellow human beings will ever live beyond history and ideology .
Although we refugees , immigrants , exiles , and outcasts do not boast ad infinitum that `` we are the best , '' as many Americans do , we still believe that the US remains a powerful guarantor of freedom and democracy , and we consider its incoherence part of its liberty .
The detainee simply must believe that his fate is entirely in the interrogator 's hands .
We were being conditioned to believe that the official rules set no clear limits , and that we could therefore set the limits wherever we liked .
If similarly shameful disclosures multiply , as I believe they will , let us at least hope that official apologies and condemnations may finally give way to wider , more genuine accountability and reform .
We believe that a concerted effort to reform football -LRB- soccer -RRB- refereeing is urgently needed .
Indeed , we actually believe that the `` we wuz robbed '' dimension of all sports adds to their lore and legend .
All cultures impose on their members ideas about who they are , how they came to be , and where they fit in socially . For example , pre-modern Europe believed that a woman who had sex before marriage might carry the imprint of her lover within her , so that her child born in wedlock would resemble the earlier lover , rather than the husband . This served to justify the premium placed on female chastity .
Folk ideas about heredity are a particularly powerful cultural tool , but they are not unique to pre-modern societies . Even contemporary science has its own cultural ideologies about heredity , which are often difficult to disentangle from the complex data and high technology that we believe produces objective , value-free glimpses of nature .
Moreover , he evidently believes that the geo-strategic value of the bases enable him to bargain for a major US compromise .
Senegal 's first president , Léopold Sédar Senghor , was a strong believer in white supremacy who once wrote that `` reason is Helennic ; emotion is Negro . ''
Gbagbo was suspicious of Ouattara , whom he believed to be actively plotting with French support to topple his government .
He also believes that conditions in Africa are `` a scar on the conscience of the world , '' and has established a Commission for Africa that will report to the G8 .
Few of them seriously believe that a tiny separate Patani state , wedged between Thailand and Malaysia , would be viable .
Clarke believed that astronauts would be dispatched to maintain and operate communication satellites .
Because the remodeling of neurons by stress is reversible , researchers now believe that chronic anxiety disorders and depression represent a lack of resilience , or spontaneous recovery , in susceptible individuals .
Many clinical trauma theorists believe that combat , rape , and other terrifying experiences are seemingly engraved on the mind , never to be forgotten .
It ranks , I believe , just below the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917 and the start of Hitler 's War in 1939 as the most critical moment of the twentieth century .
For even if we believe that buyers and sellers of organs can in principle enter the transaction on the basis of free choice , none of them has chosen to face the underlying dilemma in the first place .
Euroskeptic politicians elected to the European Parliament are often treated with the disdain that true believers reserve for the infidel .
Others believe the EU can not continue being run along the same lines as in Beijing or even Pyongyang . It 's an issue that will confront any new team chosen by the old methods .
Only the other four founding members of what was the European Community -- Italy , Belgium , the Netherlands and Luxembourg -- were admitted into the innermost circle of Europe 's true believers .
That is an outcome that no true European believer in France and Germany should be prepared to countenance .
Berlusconi , the head of a diversified media empire -LRB- television , radio , press , Internet , movies , advertising , and books -RRB- , decided to establish a political party at a time when he believed that post-communists could win power otherwise .
Many defense intellectuals , former military leaders , and politicians believe that America 's military , particularly the ground forces , are too small to implement Bush 's grand strategy .
Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , on the other hand , believes the size of the military is adequate if it is re-organized for maximum efficiency .
One school believes that modern terrorism can not be eradicated , or that the costs of doing so are unacceptably high .
Bush , in contrast , believes that terrorism is rooted in the absence of political and economic opportunity .
Do countries around the world believe that they will be better off if the global trade system breaks down or international shipping lanes become less secure ?
The world wants to believe in an America that lives up to its own best values .
If the international community believes that these goals are correct , assistance should continue to be provided as long as the benchmarks are being met .
It was as though they were in balance , moving on an invisible axis , with Berlin poised between them , at once suspended and a fulcrum . Freiheit . It was almost enough to make one believe in destiny , there in that haunted land of ghosts .
The argument should instead be focused on how to get the most effective results out of aid , both for the recipients and for a donor country 's tax-payers . Aid , I believe , is best focused on infrastructure -- the bridges , roads , Internet cables , and power stations that will help our economies to grow and allow us to trade more easily with each other .
For 50 years , tobacco companies employed a stable of scientists to assert -LRB- sometimes under oath -RRB- that they did not believe there was conclusive evidence that smoking cigarettes causes lung cancer .
Luntz asserted that '' The scientific debate remains open . Voters believe that there is no consensus about global warming in the scientific community .
Should the public come to believe that the scientific issues are settled , their views about global warming will change accordingly . ''
Solidarity veterans believed that the dictatorship 's demise would be followed by their own reign .
I believe that Poles will once again defend their right to be treated with dignity .
He believed that everyone can change for the better , and that we must nurse the spirit of dialogue , tolerance , and the ability to forgive and to reconcile .
After all , patients come to hospitals that practice traditional Chinese medicine because they already believe in acupuncture and are likely to be using it to treat another illness .
Most Westerners believe in a theory of liberal evolution , according to which sustained economic growth , by increasing wealth and the size of the middle class , gradually makes a country more democratic .
The Swiss people vote their own taxes , have a high degree of control over how tax revenues are spent , and believe their tax system to be fair , transparent , and comprehensible .
Among Sunnis , the number fell below a majority : only 44 % believed in the equal importance of higher education for girls and boys .
More disturbing to them is his apocalyptic conviction regarding the imminent advent of the Hidden Imam , the Mahdi , whose appearance is believed to lead to the destruction of the world and the end of time .
Of course , one should not `` bury '' the US too soon . America is much more resilient than its critics believe .
Others believe that the only useful analogy is to Europe 's old balance-of-power games . And still others combine the two , pointing to the `` balance of terror '' during the Cold War .
China , they believe , is regaining the status and prestige that it enjoyed until the end of the eighteenth century .
Watching the celebration of patriotism behind the raising of the French flag and the singing of the national anthem during the first round of the campaign , one can easily believe that the British vision of a Europe of independent nation states has won already , if only by default .
Now the West believes that it has found a `` third way '' by threatening to boycott the Olympics ' opening ceremony , but not the Games themselves .
For example , many Asians believe that Russia is a problem for Europe , but no longer for the world .
Israel 's Nightmares Paris -- `` It is reasonable to believe in miracles , '' David Ben-Gurion , the first Prime Minister of Israel , once said .
Today 's Israelis do not seem to believe in miracles . Instead , more than ever before they are obsessed by nightmares , foremost among them , the prospect of a nuclear Iran .
Comforted by a new President who incarnates a return of hope , who inspires and reassures at the same time , Americans are starting to believe that the worst of the economic crisis is behind them .
It was the ultimate proof that the Bush administration does not believe in universal norms .
Do you believe you can continue to ostracize the communities from which your soccer heroes come ? ''
Castro believes in giving farm workers greater incentives .
Some believe that we will ultimately find a compromise , some ruse to make the Irish succumb , that gives the EU a treaty .
To prevent further climate change , the IPCC believes , emissions should be brought down to 2.3 tons per person globally , or roughly half the current per capita average , in the next 50 to 75 years .
As a result , many believe that a `` new normal '' of slower advanced-country growth is upon us .
Here , too , I can not find a single reference to Allah , Islam , or the ummah -LRB- community of believers -RRB- .
This line of thinking led governments to believe that Arabs would not demonstrate in large numbers and demand change .
Governments have been quick to believe that the protests are fundamentally about high prices and unemployment , but the issue that unites Arab discontent is inadequate governance .
While still emphasizing family values and traditional morality , they lost the whiff of incense that had clung to the Christian Democratic parties at the beginning of the century -- by the 1970 's , they even began to stress that one did n't have to be a believer to join .
Nevertheless , some body of thought that makes democracy attractive for believers -- and reassures non-believers that the faithful have accepted pluralism -- had to be available .
True , some of the philosophies used in the European Catholic transition to democracy -- such as personalism -- were rather nebulous , although it was probably their vagueness that helped to bring as many believers as possible on board .
Mousavi , who believes that Iran is in `` poor shape , '' is perceived by many of the Iranian elite to possess the revolutionary and ideological credentials to run against Islamist fundamentalists such as Ahmadinejad .
At the same time , he is associated with Iranian reformists , who believe that Iran must enact major domestic and foreign policy changes to escape its economic crisis and international isolation .
Some Albanians claim that these allegations are Serbian propaganda . But there are many Albanians who know differently , and believe that Kosovo is failing to come to terms with the acts of a few rogue fighters .
After all , generals will be more inclined to identify efficiencies if they believe that doing so will ultimately enable them to enhance their capabilities .
As the German ICNND Commissioner , I believe that this report is the first and only one so far to suggest precise and feasible steps towards a nuclear-free world .
Yet we nonetheless believed that the opposition , led by the Coalition for Unity and Democracy -LRB- CUD -RRB- , would have room to maneuver and campaign , owing to the government 's desire for international legitimacy .
Criminalizing blasphemy should be strongly opposed as an unwarranted restriction on freedom of expression , even by those who believe that there are certain limited circumstances in which it is appropriate to make hate speech a crime .
That is , the Bush administration believed that they were al Qaeda members or others who did not fight by the rules of war and thus not entitled to prisoner-of-war status .
If one is selective with the evidence , a semi-reasonable case can be built for those desperate enough to believe it .
At the same time , Burundi 's Hutu saw Rwanda as a role model and believed their ethnic majority should guarantee them de facto control of the country .
Why should the rebels believe that the government will honor its commitments once they no longer represent a threat ?
From then on , most brain scientists believed , brain circuits could only be modified by altering the synapses , or contacts between existing cells .
At the International Fund for Agricultural Development -LRB- IFAD -RRB- , we believe that farming , regardless of size or scale , must be seen as a business , and smallholder farmers as small-scale business owners rather than poor people who need handouts .
Researchers believe that this is because only 17 % of rural communities in the country live within one mile of a paved road .
After all , it is not just the British who believe themselves to have a `` special relationship '' ; most of the EU 's member states like to believe that they have a particular `` in '' with America which gives them a special influence .
I believe that Americans ' obsession with Suleman is a projection of their own guilt and shame at their recent choices .
Domestic public opinion will support the use of force if people feel threatened or believe that the cause is just , but Americans have little interest in ruling over other nations .
He also believed that Soviet control over an empire in Eastern Europe was costing too much and providing too little benefit , and that the invasion of Afghanistan had been a costly disaster .
Many communists led the resistance against fascism in Europe , and many people believed that communism was the wave of the future .
But one is tempted to believe them when they add that they are now focused on diplomacy .
But it also acted because taking such risks has proven successful in the past , and here , Kim probably believed the risks were low .
Some in the Bush administration believe that even if economic sanctions would not end the regime , they might cause enough pain to cause Kim to give up its weapons .
Some believe that 9\/11 ushered in a `` clash of civilizations '' between Islam vs. the West .
For the struggle is not a clash of Islam vs. the West , but a civil war within Islam between a minority of terrorists and a larger mainstream of non-violent believers .
Some believe that China can not rise peacefully , and will seek hegemony in East Asia , leading to conflict with the United States and Japan .
Is there any reason to believe that an additional five brigades will succeed in stabilizing Baghdad now when similar efforts have failed in the past ?
Today , on the eve of the French presidential elections , opinion polls show that three-quarters of French voters believe that France should distance itself from the United States .
The Fear Factor in US-China Relations Opinion polls indicate that one-third of Americans believe that China will `` soon dominate the world , '' while nearly half view China 's emergence as a `` threat to world peace . ''
Dwight Eisenhower ran an efficiently organized presidency that some at the time believed lacked leadership , but historians later discovered his hidden hand behind most important decisions .
A recent poll indicates that one-third of Americans believe that China will `` soon dominate the world , '' while 54 % see its emergence as a `` threat to world peace . ''
Rudd wisely believes that the right response to China 's rise is to incorporate it into international institutional arrangements .
It is a mistake , however , to believe that extended deterrence depends on parity in numbers of nuclear weapons .
Sometimes , Koreans compare their country of 50 million to a neighbor like China or a superpower like the US and believe that they can not compete with such giants .
Many Chinese believe that this represents a shift in the global balance of power , and that China should be less deferential to other countries , including the US .
Few people believe that the system is rotten and must be overthrown .
Its founders believed that a country the size of America is best governed locally , not nationally ... So the basic system works ; but that is no excuse for ignoring areas where it could be reformed , '' such as the gerrymandered safe seats in the House of Representatives and the blocking procedures of Senate rules and filibusters .
Obama 's health-care victory , like his 2008 election , suggests that America 's political system is not as broken as critics who draw analogies to the fall of Rome or other empires would have us believe .
After the recent financial crisis , Goldman Sachs upped the ante and projected that the combined GDP of the BRICs might exceed that of the G-7 countries by 2027 , about 10 years sooner than initially believed .
Of the four members , Russia has the smallest and most literate population and a much higher per capita income , but , more importantly , many observers believe that Russia is declining while the other three are rising in power resources .
Others believe that China will wish to impose its own mark and create its own international institutional system as its power increases .
Yet many believe that America 's current preponderance in power resources is hegemonic , and that it will decline , like that of Britain before it .
Some Americans react emotionally to that prospect , though it would be ahistorical to believe that the US will have a preponderant share of power resources forever .
At the end of that decade , American 's believed the country was in decline ; yet , within a decade , they believed that the US was the sole superpower .
Some observers , such as the Harvard historian Niall Ferguson , believe that `` debating the stages of decline may be a waste of time -- it is a precipitous and unexpected fall that should most concern policy makers and citizens . ''
Ferguson believes that a doubling of public debt in the coming decade can not erode US strength on its own , but that it could weaken a long-assumed faith in America 's ability to weather any crisis .
Some believe a political compromise between Republicans and Democrats can be reached before the 2012 election ; others suggest an agreement is more likely after the election .
Political observers have long debated whether economic or military power is more fundamental . The Marxist tradition casts economics as the underlying structure of power , and political institutions as a mere superstructure , an assumption shared by nineteenth-century liberals who believed that growing interdependence in trade and finance would make war obsolete .
Many mistakenly believed that the US was in decline , and that the crisis presented new strategic opportunities for China .
A recent Pew poll found that in 15 of 22 countries surveyed , most people believe that China either will replace or has replaced America as `` the world 's leading superpower . ''
A total of 82 % of Irish people surveyed earlier this year believed Ireland had benefited from EU membership , the highest score in Europe , where the average was 54 % .
Indeed , if we believe the IMF 's projections , the world economy 's accumulated current-account surpluses would increase by almost $ 1 trillion between 2009 and 2012 !
Ordinary northerners still believe that President Goodluck Jonathan , who hails from the Niger Delta in the south , cheated their hero , Muhammadu Buhari , a retired general and former head of state , in last April 's elections .
Uzbekistan 's President Islam Karimov , for his part , has long believed that it is his country 's destiny to dominate Central Asia .
Kosachev and others do not believe that the EU is committed to serious talks on `` hard '' security , a Russian imperative -- and with good reason .
The Court also declared that Serbia will remain in violation of the Genocide Convention until it transfers Mladic -- who is believed responsible for some of the worst crimes in Europe since the Second World War -- to the International Criminal Tribunal for Former Yugoslavia -LRB- ICTY -RRB- in The Hague .
The question for the European elite is whether we believe in the work of the past 20 years , whether we believe in an integrated European market and an ever-widening European Community .
Those of us who believe that the past 20 years made sense , and that we are on the right track , are still the majority in Hungary .
For many years after Lukashenko was first elected , in 1994 -LRB- he has ruled without interruption ever since -RRB- , most Belarusians did perhaps tolerate the regime , because they believed that it protected them from the worst excesses of neighboring Russia 's `` Wild East '' capitalism : corrupt privatization , job losses , and mafia rule .
It is widely believed , even among the most Euro-skeptical of observers , that joining the eurozone will affirm these countries ' successful transformation into modern market economies .
Many believe that religious revival and political radicalism among Muslims who reside in the West reflects the traditions and conflicts of the Middle East or the wider Muslim world .
But a Muslim living in Europe is confronted with the necessity of objectifying the religion . Ulemas -LRB- religious scholars -RRB- are useless for believers who must search for purely religious criteria that are no longer linked to a given culture .
Such `` born again '' believers rebuild their identities through their rediscovery of religion .
The rationale is common to all forms of fundamentalism : this world exists to prepare believers for salvation .
The state 's role is not to ensure social justice and the rule of law , but to create opportunities - even through coercion - for believers to find salvation .
Engaging in discussions with Iran does not necessarily mean that we believe or deny those declarations .
As I strolled through Tiananmen Square , the paradox that struck me was that the very system of democratic capitalism that the West has so ardently believed in and advocated now seems to be failing us . At the same time , the kind of authoritarianism and state-managed economics that we have long impugned now seems to be serving China well .
We in this region can , and I believe should , call for a non-aligned Caucasus , free of security blocs and adversarial alliances .
But the world is split over whether to believe that Iran is actually doing what it says .
The Armenians came to believe that Turkey would find a way to reconcile Azerbaijan 's interests with the Turkish opening to Armenia , and would open the border with Armenia regardless of progress on resolving the Nagorno-Karabakh issue .
Turkey believed that by signing protocols with Armenia and clearly indicating its readiness to open the border , the Armenians could somehow be cajoled or pressured into resolving the Nagorno-Karabakh problem more quickly or cede territories surrounding Nagorno-Karabakh .
Turkey has no desire to serve as a strategic counterweight to Iran and believes that only a territorially intact Iraq can continue to play that role .
Far removed from left-wing apologetics , Livni is a self-righteous believer in Israel 's basic right to exist .
Toledo later claimed that he was wrong to trust Almeyda , but few believed that the president had not known what Almeyda , a trusted confidante , had done .
Recent public opinion surveys indicate why Toledo needs such assistance : many Peruvians believe that his government is as corrupt as Fujimori 's .
But opinion polls continue to show a huge drop in Toledo 's popularity , and no one believes that he will make it to the end of his term in 2006 .
Washington believes anti-drug policies will fail , to the benefit of drug dealers , if coca growers continue to identify themselves with nationalists who vindicate the leaf 's production .
Part of the difficulty of exposing this narrowness is that there is a family split among neo-classical economists between those who believe that real-world market economies approximate perfect competition and those who do n't .
Non-believers are identified with the `` MIT School '' associated with Paul Samuelson .
Chicago economists seem to believe that real-world outcomes are acceptably unfair and , more importantly , that attempts to remedy unfairness are too costly , because tampering with markets causes economic inefficiency .
They believe that government intervention tends to generate its own costly failures because of bureaucratic incompetence and rent-seeking , whereby private interests try to steer policy to their own advantage .
In Europe , significantly higher percentages of Muslims believe that suicide bombings are `` often '' or `` sometimes '' justified .
We believed that economic development would solve all our problems .
So I believe that the future for political parties is to develop a culture of debate , dialogue , and critical understanding of issues , where people can help set a nation 's priorities and are not simply told by experts or their leaders what is right and wrong for them .
I opposed the Bush administration 's policy on Iraq because this type of foreign policy is associated with a form of power -- resurgent , I believe , in conservative parties around the world -- that projects leadership as command .
Many Armenians believe that Tsarukyan has carte blanche to do whatever he wants , when he wants .
Of course , we never believed that press freedom would come easily .
Keating believed that the fighting at Kokoda represented the real birth pains of an independent Australia , not some colonial appendage of Britain created to serve imperial purposes in the Far East .
Some Japanese still want to write or believe fairy tales about their pre-war and wartime history , which has hugely complicated Japan 's efforts to find a confident and lasting reconciliation with China .
Nor did I ever believe that the former president was stupid : a criticism leveled at him by many of his European peers who were themselves hardly philosopher kings .
What did Cheney believe ?
He believed in capitalism -- or at least in supporting big companies and the rich -- though whether he understood how free markets should work under the rule of law is more doubtful .
That is what I believe you see today in the US .
Why should anyone in Pakistan believe that the West is serious in wanting to sustain that country as a Muslim democratic state ?
`` Who are you going to believe , '' Groucho once asked , `` me , or your own eyes ? '' For hundreds of millions of citizens in Communist-run countries in the twentieth century , the `` me '' in the question was a dictator or oligarchy ruling with totalitarian or authoritarian powers .
It would be interesting to know how many of those at Beijing 's Central Party School -- the party 's main educational institute -- believe that the Chinese state is about to wither away , or ever will .
If you do n't believe me , just visit the West Bank and see , for example , how the proposed suburban Israeli development of East Jerusalem stabs through the heart of Palestinian territory towards the Dead Sea .
She believed that her family 's sacrifices were justified by the liberation and rise of China .
She witnessed the return of the greed and corruption that she believed had destroyed the Kuomintang in the 1930 's and 1940 's .
Maoism was a curious and unique mixture of class warfare and socialist leveling , all enunciated by a man who believed that individuals -- or at least Mao himself -- could shape history rather than be formed by its tides and currents .
First , we should dare to believe that what most suits Europe 's interests might also be best for our relationship with our closest ally , the United States .
North Korea may also have a few bombs . Iran is believed by many to be trying to develop one .
As someone who believes that China 's rise should be good for the world , I hope that Deng 's wise advice will be heeded by those Chinese officials who seem to think that this is a good moment to start stamping their feet .
Europe 's problem is part of what it believes to be its greatest achievement .
After withering literary assaults on the Almighty from the Oxford academic Richard Dawkins , the essayist Christopher Hitchens , and others , believers have hit back .
Jewish fundamentalists believe that Israel 's critics are anti-Semitic or , in the case of Jewish opponents of Israel 's harder-line policies , `` self-hating Jews . ''
We allowed convenient cultural stereotyping to sustain what we believed was the expedient pursuit of our national interest .
The nuclear powers that signed the NPT believe it is solely about preventing proliferation .
It now seems clear that if we want a non-proliferation treaty with more teeth -- for example , tougher monitoring and surveillance -- countries with nuclear weapons will have to honor what others believe is their side of an unfair bargain .
So when , as a presidential candidate , McCain said that , if elected , he would seek to work with Democrats and independents , and that he would search for consensus , it was easy to believe him .
They mistakenly believe that yen appreciation during the mid-1980 's caused Japan 's weak economic performance in the 1990 's .
Or so the US believed .
If they come to believe that Musharraf is sinking , they can be counted on to cut him loose , especially if he becomes a civilian .
If those countries have been egoistic in the past fourteen years , why should candidates believe they would not misuse new decision-making mechanisms to the detriment of small countries -- hence the opposition of some candidate countries to creating the post of a European president .
Perhaps this is one reason why many in East Central Europe believe that EU funds , while helpful , are less important than being part of a united Europe , with the expanded opportunities that its common rules imply .
By contrast , some American policymakers continue to believe that Iran would abandon its enrichment program if only the European Union imposed unilateral sanctions .
Second , Ahmadinejad and the political leadership believe that the regime is under serious threat from the US -- and only from the US .
Inward investment is steadily rising , as business seems to believe that the remaining political and security challenges -- the possible negative effects of post-independence Kosovo and Bosnia 's malaise -- will be overcome sooner rather than later .
Each used technology that engineers had been confidently employing for bridges , and for which the assumed loads and methods of analysis were well established . In every case , engineers believed that they were just building incrementally on successful practice .
Yale University 's Robert Shiller has suggested that I believe that Europeans lack dynamism owing to a deficiency of entrepreneurial `` spirit . ''
Is there evidence directly associating high performance - that is , high employment and high productivity - with the presence of institutions believed helpful to dynamism and the absence of those believed harmful ?
Plato thought that three conditions must be met in order for us to `` know '' something : the notion in question must actually be true ; we must believe it -LRB- because if we do not believe something that is true , we can hardly claim that we know it -RRB- ; and , most subtly , it must be justifiable -- there must be reasons why we believe the notion to be true .
Most of us -LRB- except for a lunatic fringe of flat-earthers -RRB- also believe this to be the case .
How would you answer if someone asked you why you believe that the earth is round ?
Of course , you could fall back on more traditional reasons to believe in a round earth , like the fact that our planet projects a round-looking shadow on the moon during eclipses .
This wall has been with us always , separating rusting spirits who live in nostalgia , fear the future , and believe that only the past was better , from youthful , creative , and entrepreneurial spirits who fearlessly embrace the future and believe that the best is always yet to come .
Because we both believe in power , it is easy for the two of us to understand each other .
To maintain their influence , it seems , they believe that they need to create an image of America as Russia 's implacable enemy , which , by extending NATO membership to ex-communist countries , is bringing an existential threat right to the country 's doorstep .
Third , the soaring price of oil has made the Kremlin 's inhabitants believe that they are all-powerful .
Finally , a series of Western mistakes and misfortunes , a crisis in transatlantic relations , lack of leadership , and the growing threat of Islamic fundamentalism -LRB- in both the Middle East and Europe -RRB- have led Russian leaders to believe that the West is a sinking ship , to be abandoned as soon as possible .
But the national kleptocrats seem to believe that they can live without overseas assets , or without educating their children and maintaining residences in the West .
While no one yet knows the national plutocrats ' names , I believe that they are new , influential players in or associated with the Kremlin , and that they have now become bold enough to challenge both Putin and Medvedev .
No doubt Kissinger believes every word he wrote , but his ideas also honestly articulate the aspirations of his customers . It 's just that not all customers have the same motives .
Holders of European government bonds believed that they knew what they had bought .
According to the true doomsayers , who believe that most , if not all , of the shock will have a permanent impact on output , the total loss could be two or three times higher .
But when the dust settles , the new data may be less revolutionary than some people believe . They may also have the unintended benefit of shifting a key policy debate in a more productive direction .
Adam Smith 's `` invisible hand , '' they believe , ensures that the pursuit of our own interests in the free market will further the interests of all .
For the true believers in this creed , the suggestion that the manager of a business should strive for anything except maximizing value for shareholders is heresy .
And , if we believe that Megrahi was not sufficiently punished for his crime , what are we to make of the treatment of former Lieutenant William Calley ?
It is hard to believe that any increase in aggregate demand will boost the housing market -- which , remember , was buoyed by visions of steady price appreciation that few seem likely to hold today -- sufficiently to re-employ all these workers .
If you believe that the crisis was caused by a shortage of liquidity , we had plenty of models analyzing liquidity shortages and their effects on financial institutions .
If you believe that the blame lies with greedy bankers and unthinking investors , lulled by the promise of a government bailout , or with a market driven crazy by irrational exuberance , we had studied all this too , in great detail .
There were many more economists who believed that house prices , though high , were unlikely to fall across the board .
The bias could be implicit : our worldview is shaped by what our friends in industry believe .
But I believe that corruption is not the main reason that the profession missed the crisis .
The debate does not lead to agreement , moderate voters do not know what to believe , and policy choices ultimately follow the path of least resistance -- until they run into a brick wall .
President George H.W. Bush is widely believed to have lost his re-election bid , despite winning a popular war in Iraq , because he seemed out of touch with public hardship following the 1991 recession .
For states that believe that time will merely enhance a lethal adversary 's ability to get the Bomb -- Israel 's concern about Iran today -- only vigilantism remains .
Whichever way it goes -- even if Chávez really is recovering as quickly as he would have us believe -- talk in Venezuela about the post-Chávez era has already begun .
Her spiritual strength arose out of her deep and abiding reliance on the grace and boundless mercy of the god she believed in .
I believe that a shift from Pax Americana to Pax Asia-Pacifica could be the answer .
Refusing to believe anything unconditionally , he retained that most important characteristic of a truly great man : he never had unconditional faith in himself .
Like the Italian President , we believe the negotiations should focus mainly on the central institutional questions .
Therefore , I believe that we should modernize the present rotating Presidency .
We believe that it is still possible for the international community to get a good deal done .
Having listened for 20 years to people unfortunate enough to be labeled `` schizophrenic , '' considered to be the most extreme form of `` mental illness , '' and having subsequently researched the causes of hallucinations and delusions for ten years , I believe that the public understands madness better than we experts .
Surveys of public opinion all over the world find that most people believe that emotional problems , including those deemed severe , such as hearing voices , are primarily caused by bad things happening to us rather than by faulty brains or genes .
Thaler and Sunstein also believe that donating organs is a good thing .
A long , painful period of high unemployment runs counter to what most experts believed the flexible US economic model would ever produce .
Based on my experience as an international prosecutor , and speaking as a strong supporter of the ICC , I believe that it would be a serious mistake to add the crime of aggression to the Court 's docket now .
For example , many states now believe that the prohibition on intentionally targeting civilians is binding , and they act on that basis by actually limiting their battlefield tactics .
This progress , which gained a further institutional foothold with the establishment of the International Criminal Court last July , led many to believe that the triumph of international law is no longer a utopian hope but a practical prospect .
The US , in particular , now believes that most of its adversaries are not soldiers in the conventional sense , but `` unlawful combatants '' -- people to whom the protections of the Geneva Conventions do not apply .
Today , humanitarian intervention has become a dirty word for many of the same people who once believed in it .
But what may be lost is how many people did believe .
The fact that NATO now considers its area of operations to legitimately extend all the way to the Hindu Kush has given pause even to many who once believed as fervently in humanitarian intervention as Blair still does .
In practical terms , whereas the Red Cross and Doctors Without Borders believe in neutrality and remain skeptical of the motives of outside states that might intervene , Kouchner 's view is that humanitarian action should be understood as part of what the Canadian writer-politician Michael Ignatieff calls a `` revolution of concern . ''
Like most Americans , China 's leaders believe that the US will ultimately dodge the bullet of an outright default .
This pattern of action and inaction by the Council has given greater credence to those who believe the UN 's highest human rights body is inherently anti-Israel .
Indeed , some experts , too , believe that the crisis can be resolved simply by refinancing banks , and that the impact on the real economy will be relatively limited .
Other experts , of course , believe that the real economy is in jeopardy , and that the threat of a recession is genuine .
Hirschman believed that the possibilities for economic development are not nearly as constrained as comprehensive theories would lead us to believe .
Likewise , finance skeptics believe that our ability to prevent excessive risk-taking in financial markets is equally limited .
Returning to the example of drugs , the question is whether one believes that financial innovation is like aspirin , which generates huge benefits at low risk , or methamphetamine , which stimulates euphoria , followed by a dangerous crash .
Perhaps , but these strategies would not have made sense for lenders unless they believed that house prices would continue to rise .
A comforting thought -- if you still want to believe in financial sanity -- is that this was a case of a `` perfect storm , '' a rare failure that required a large number of stars to be in alignment simultaneously .
The Bumpy Road Ahead CAMBRIDGE -- If stock market and interest-rate spreads are to be believed , America 's economy has seen the worst and may be on its way to a slow recovery .
On one side are free-market enthusiasts and neo-classical economists , who believe in a stark separation between state and business .
Mercantilists believed in an active economic role for the state -- to promote exports , discourage finished imports , and establish trade monopolies that would enrich business and the crown alike .
You can oppose capital controls because you believe financial markets are on the whole a force for good , and that any interference will therefore generate efficiency losses .
Most importantly , a slowdown of this magnitude would put China below the 8 % growth threshold that its leadership apparently believes is necessary to avert social strife .
No one knows where the 8 % figure really comes from , and many experts believe that China 's society and polity are capable of handling much lower growth .
China is the only country in the world where anything less than 8 % growth year after year is believed to be dangerous because it would unleash social unrest .
Many are driven to undertake structural reforms that they do n't really believe in -- just because it would look bad to markets to do otherwise .
During the Latin American debt crisis of the 1980 's or the Asian financial crisis of 1997 , for example , heavily indebted developing countries believed they had few options but to swallow bitter medicine - -- or face a stampede of capital outflows .
It turns into what philosophers call a `` social construction '' -- something that is real only because we believe it to be .
So widespread is wiretapping and harassment of Erdogan 's critics that some believe the country has turned into a `` republic of fear . ''
Unlike others , such as my Harvard colleague Martin Feldstein , who argue that Europe is not a natural monetary area , I believed that monetary union made perfect sense in the context of a broader European project that emphasized -- as it still does -- political institution-building alongside economic integration .
The Chinese leadership 's gamble is that a rapid increase in living standards and employment opportunities will keep the lid on simmering social and political tensions . That is why it is so intent on achieving annual economic growth of 8 % or higher -- the magic number that it believes will contain social strife .
Boeke believed in a stark separation between the modern , capitalist style of economic organization that prevailed in the West and the pre-capitalist , traditional mode that predominated in what were then called `` underdeveloped areas . ''
But I also believe that he is trying to develop his economy , and I offer policy advice because I believe it may benefit ordinary Ethiopians .
But when the adviser believes his work will benefit those whom the leader effectively holds hostage , he has a duty not to withhold advice .
Some attribute the Asian economic miracle to freer markets , while others believe that state intervention did the trick .
They believe that the reforms of the 1990 's -- improved macroeconomic policy , greater openness , and more democracy -- have set the developing world on course for sustained growth .
The officers proclaim their innocence and assert that the coup documents are fabricated , but who is to believe them , given what the prosecutors , government , and major media say ?
In reality , many remain unemployed , perhaps because they believed that liberalization would be reversed .
Yet , if the revolution leads to a more open , democratic , middle-class-oriented political system , in which enough people believe that they have a stake in the government 's continuity , the economic benefits for Egyptians could be large .
Although we are not certain about the exact effects , many scientists believe that total annual precipitation will increase , but that its seasonality and the frequency of extremes may also increase .
There are those who truly believe in the idea that America is exceptional .
Those true believers argue that America 's consumers can long pursue their spendthrift ways because their country 's economy is better than everyone else 's .
Moreover , the true believers cite America 's better-funded and hyper-competitive university system , which sucks in a disproportionate share of the world 's top students and researchers .
Interestingly , both sides cite America 's gaping trade deficit -- believe it or not , the US is soaking up two-thirds of global excess saving -- to support their arguments .
The true believers view the deficits as evidence that the world recognizes how special the US is and wants to buy in .
Perhaps the biggest weakness in the true believers ' argument is the trade deficit .
Paulson 's appointment presumably shows that Bush is far more concerned about environmental issues than is commonly believed .
Do people seriously believe that the US has accomplished its majestic trade deficit by shutting its doors to foreign goods ?
Too many policymakers still believe that externally imposed opening to international capital flows was the main culprit behind the financial crises of the 1990 's -- a view that unfortunately is lent some intellectual respectability by a small number of left-leaning academics .
Second , he is a firm believer in the power of markets and free trade , which have clearly done far more to alleviate poverty over the past half-century than any aid program .
Indeed , many academic economists believe that central bankers could perfectly well be replaced with a computer programmed to implement a simple rule that adjusts interest rates mechanically in response to output and inflation .
US statisticians have tried to `` fix '' the consumer price index to account for new products , but many experts believe that measured US inflation is still at least one percentage point too high , and the margin of error can be more volatile than conventional CPI inflation itself .
Citizens of rich countries may be self-centered and self-indulgent , but things are not quite as horrible as some would have us believe .
Many Europeans believe that aid agencies like the World Bank will shrivel and die if left to depend on grants for income .
But I believe that the problem could easily be solved by , say , giving the World Bank an endowment of rich-country bonds and permitting it to expend the interest .
But is there any reason to believe that new loans will go to worthy projects rather than to politically connected borrowers ?
One of the great challenges ahead is to find a way to bring these two countries ' savings into line , given the vast trade imbalances that many believe planted the seeds of financial crisis .
Many economists , including myself , believe that America 's thirst for foreign capital to finance its consumption binge played a critical role in the build-up of the crisis .
I believe that in most countries , the era of sleep therapy will come to an early end .
Those who believe -- often with quasi-religious conviction -- that we need even more Keynesian fiscal stimulus , and should ignore government debt , seem to me to be panicking .
Even now , many Americans believe that the simple solution to the nation 's problem is just to cut taxes and goose up private consumption .
Many pundits would have one believe that Ireland would have pulled through unscathed absent Germany 's blundering statements .
Of course , some believe that the Fed 's mass purchases of US debt poses an even bigger risk than Europe 's sovereign debt crisis .
The most generous interpretation is that the Commission simply does not believe economists ' estimates and analysis , and views an FTT as more workable than is commonly realized -LRB- a scenario that calls to mind the debate surrounding the creation of the euro -RRB- .
Do the gnomes of currency markets seriously believe that the eurozone governments ' latest `` comprehensive package '' to save the euro will hold up for more than a few months ?
Fourth , investors may believe that , ultimately , US risks are just as large as Europe 's .
Finally , investors might just believe that the eurozone leaders ' latest plan will work , even though the last dozen plans have failed .
At the same time , they believe that it is up to the US to remove the chaos it created , so they are reluctant to contribute to the task in a substantive way .
Ennobling Democracy WARSAW &#45; &#45; Ever since democracy appeared in ancient Athens , it has generated suspicion among those who believe that humanity 's highest purpose is virtue , not freedom .
Moreover , the dramatic democratization of mores in the last 20 years has resulted in a tremendous increase in ordinary human curiosity about people in the limelight : who our leaders are , how they live , and what they really believe .
Sink or Swim in the Philippines MANILA -- The tragedy of the sinking of the Princess of the Stars ferry in the waters off Romblon in the Philippines -- with hundreds of corpses still believed trapped inside -- is proof that the country is prone not only to natural calamities , but to manmade ones as well .
Of course , most economists believe that fiscal rules are needed to prevent some countries from free riding on low interest rates and running up debt to what would otherwise be unsustainable levels .
Whether the doctrine 's authors really believe that NATO poses a threat to Russia is not clear , as the country has not had such peaceable neighbors on its Western borders for more than 300 years .
At that time , the consensus among economists and policymakers was that these estimates were exaggerated , because it was believed that sub-prime mortgage losses totaled only about $ 200 billion .
Markets seem to believe that there is light at the end of the tunnel for the economy and for the battered profits of corporations and financial firms .
But there are good reasons to believe that we are experiencing a more persistent slump .
That also means that Germany and the ECB have less power than they seem to believe .
Today , most Israelis believe that this step , though justified on strategic grounds in the face of constant attacks by the Lebanese group Hizbollah , convinced Palestinians that violence worked .
Moreover , Hezbollah and its friends present themselves as absolute victors no matter what happens . And millions of Arabs and Muslims , given regime and media propaganda , believe them .
No one believes that Palestinian leader Abu Mazin can or will do anything to stop such attacks .
Some of the younger officers complained about corruption . Mubarak apparently surprised them by saying that he knew that many leading people in the country were thieves , but that he believed they had stolen enough to keep them happy .
The Pakistani security establishment believes that it faces a US-Indian-Afghan alliance aimed at undermining Pakistani influence in Afghanistan and even dismembering the Pakistani state . Civilian leaders evaluate Pakistan 's national interests differently , but they , too , can not be indifferent to Pakistan 's chronic sense of insecurity .
Pressure will not work if Pakistan 's leaders believe that their country 's survival is at stake .
But after Darwin and natural selection , we have a non-God-driven explanation for adaptation , making it possible to be a non-believer , even in the face of design-like organisms and their parts .
But obviously , whether or not you do believe in the existence of the Christian God -LRB- or any other kind of god -RRB- , Dawkins 's gloomy conclusions do not follow .
While President George W. Bush believes that he has protected Americans by `` taking the war to the enemy , '' more than 1,700 Americans have died in the Iraq war , which also has provoked terrorist attacks on US allies .
Given their self-righteousness and lack of historical and cultural awareness , Bush and his advisors believed that invading Iraq would be easy , that Saddam Hussein 's military would crumble , and that the US would be welcomed as a liberator .
Only incredible hubris and naiveté could bring US -LRB- and UK -RRB- leaders to believe that Western troops would be greeted as liberators rather than as occupiers .
It is sheer fantasy to believe that the threat of an aid cutoff would enable the US and Europe to influence the course of Ethiopia 's complex internal politics .
Peace will be won by the moderate voices around the world that demand an end to senseless violence and to the tragic illusions of those who believe in a `` final victory '' over their foes .
It is too painful to believe that humanity would destroy millions of other species -- and jeopardize our own future -- in a fit of absent-mindedness .
The US and Israel believed that they could force Hamas into submission even before negotiations with the new government began .
The problem is that hatred and demographic changes are making , many people believe , even the two-state solution impossible .
Recount Kenyans ' Votes Kenya is aflame after a presidential election on December 27 widely believed to have been rigged to secure the re-election of Mwai Kibaki .
In fact , most observers on the scene believed that there was a long paper trail , from the polling sites all the way to Nairobi , which could be re-assessed in detail .
I believe that this new kind of global public-private partnership on technology development will be a major objective of international policy making in the coming years .
The damage to the rest of the world economy , I believe , can remain limited .
Recent survey data by the Pew Foundation found that while 58 % of Democrats believe that human beings are causing global warming , only 28 % of Republicans do .
Nevertheless , American and European economic advisers generally believe that a short sharp stimulus will be enough to restore economic growth . This is wrong .
Moreover , policymakers in the rich world believe that they can continue to neglect the developing world , or leave it to its fate in global markets .
Some opponents of the Iraq War , including me , believe that a fundamental -- and deeply misguided -- objective of the war from the outset has been to create a long-term military base -LRB- or bases -RRB- in Iraq , ostensibly to protect oil routes and oil concessions .
Until recently , many believed that China and India would be the real holdouts in the global climate-change negotiations .
Americans seem to believe that they have a natural right to government services without paying taxes .
I believe , instead , that it is a false truce in what will become a pitched battle for the soul of American politics .
The Republicans believe that they have the upper hand and can pervert the system further in favor of the rich .
I believe that they will be proved wrong .
Indeed , the US and Europe often acted to undermine regional integration , which they believed would limit their roles as power brokers .
In the United States , a large majority of Americans believe that the country is `` on the wrong track . ''
Many neuroscientists believe that the mental-health effects of TV viewing might run even deeper than addiction , consumerism , loss of social trust , and political propaganda .
Still , rich country drug purchasers , however , should not fear the worst : there is no reason to believe that the drug prices they pay would rise just because drug companies agree to lower prices in poor countries .
Many other investors , however , target the short-term investments that they believe other investors will find promising instead of the best long-term prospects .
Rich countries must provide roughly $ 20 per person to close the gap . Instead they provide just $ 2 per person and nevertheless believe that they are meeting the needs of the poor .
Many Americans believe that market forces alone , including international trade , can solve the problems of poverty .
The falsehood is to believe that some cultures are static and inimical to change , while others are somehow uniquely modern .
The second tendency is to believe that culture is somehow static and unchanging .
The third tendency is to believe that culture is the key to economic development .
Food could have been transported by rail within British India to save many starving people , but the British believed in a hands-off , laissez faire policy .
British officers believed that they were being brave by not being swayed by `` emotions '' !
For the same reason , Keynes famously described the stock market as a beauty contest in which each judge chooses not the most beautiful contestant according to his own views , but rather the contestant that he believes will be chosen by the other judges !
They believe that the war will be quick , virtually effortless , and self-financing , as the US . effectively gains control of Iraqi oil supplies , which will not only drive down world oil prices but also finance Iraq 's postwar reconstruction .
Life , however , is more complicated than the Bush Administration believes .
As both an admirer of the EU and a supporter of Turkey 's accession to the EU , I believe Giscard wrong in his crude characterization .
Most believe that oil ranks at the top of America 's list of motives .
Looking at the historical record , it is difficult to believe that the US will give the Middle East a democratic makeover .
The Bush Administration may believe that it is going to war to fight for democracy in the Middle East , but US support for real democracy stands to be an early victim .
The US can not legally market Iraqi oil , much less invest in new fields , until the old UN sanctions against Iraq are lifted . But the rest of the world believes that lifting the sanctions is tantamount to handing Iraq 's oil future over to the US and UK occupying forces and their corporate cronies .
America 's leaders believed that the US would be welcomed as liberators .
The US government and many observers believe that if the US can just get basic services established in Baghdad , and perhaps catch Saddam Hussein , then the situation will quiet down .
This , I believe , is why America is so opposed to a quick transfer of sovereignty to Iraqis .
An obsessive US administration , led by a President who reportedly believes that he is on a holy mission to fight terror in the Middle East , pays no attention to the rest of the world .
I believe that few wealthy people would refuse to contribute a small portion of their huge wealth for the chance to save the lives of millions of people each year and help the poorest countries get the first foot on the ladder of economic development .
The Bush team believed that they would eventually balance the tax cuts for the rich with reductions in government spending , but they never explained this to the public .
Whether ordinary Iranians now believe that the reformers are also beyond redemption is an open question .
When it does , there is good reason to believe that Iranians will greet their long lost friends with the same friendliness and exuberance that they did sixty years ago in Arak .
Various opinion polls consistently show that a sizable minority of Pakistanis has a favorable view of Osama bin Laden , an unfavorable view of the US , and believe that implementing Islamic law -LRB- Sharia -RRB- should be a priority .
Other Saudis believe that confrontation will only lead to wider wars and are urging dialogue and accommodation .
Hezbollah and its main backer , Iran , were motivated by two concerns : fear of the next Israeli attack , which Hezbollah believes is inevitable , and concern over Syrian-Israeli peace talks that , if successful , could leave Hezbollah without its main bridge to Iran . Hezbollah has been rearming and redeploying since the 2006 war ; the actions of May further consolidate its position in and around Beirut .
Following the recent series of scandals , the average Indian does not believe this anymore .
The army action in Wana , aimed against Al Qaeda and Taliban operatives who are believed to be hiding there , has led to several civilian casualties , including women and children , and rendered over 30,000 people homeless .
Transmission is believed to be airborne , through close and frequent contact with an infected , untreated person . But leprosy is very hard to develop ; most people have a built-in immunity to it and have nothing to fear .
Indeed , China is believed to supply about 70 % of the North 's oil , and has doubled its sales of grain and vegetables .
China , too , believes that if advocates of `` regime change '' do not push North Korea too hard , a strategy can be pursued that is based on slow evolution rather than a precipitous break -- and a possible violent breakdown .
CDU\/CSU policies are , of course , founded on the idea of individual freedom , but we believe in an individualism tempered by Western culture and the Christian tradition .
To paraphrase an old adage , what is fare for the US goose must be fare for the Chinese gander , even if the goose believes that the gander is becoming a little uppity .
Indeed , recent assessments by the British Antarctic Survey suggest that temperatures over the Antarctic have increased 3.6 degrees since the early 1970 's , and that warming is taking place far faster than researchers had hitherto believed .
Feeling the Promethian energy unleashed in Bejing , it is easy to believe in China 's aspirations to restore itself to a position of global wealth and power .
But to drive past the Olympic Green in Beijing will help make many Chinese believe that perhaps the center will hold in this unprecedented and unusual experiment of nation building .
Nowadays , the country 's communist leaders acted as if they believed that disclosing SARS would risk tarnishing China 's `` economic miracle '' and driving away foreign direct investment -- some $ 50 billion last year , or 80 % of all FDI made in Asia .
In 1973 , as Sino-US relations were thawing , Mao admitted to Henry Kissinger that , though he did not believe reunification would come peacefully , `` We can do without Taiwan for the time being , and let it come after 100 years ...
That depends on whether one believes that Leninist capitalism is a viable and stable form of government for China over the long term .
I do not believe in Karl Marx 's iron laws of history .
There are good reasons to believe that the level of stability achieved in Iraq can be maintained even without a large-scale US presence .
We now know that this is wrong , but there was never any serious reason to believe it .
Today 's policymakers , reasoning from the 1930 's , appear to believe that creating confidence is somehow different from creating good reasons to be confident .
Thus , if we can establish that democracy is the means to realize the strong interests of the Muslim community -- and I believe we can do this -- then democracy may be declared a religious duty in Islam .
Thus , I believe that a political system that best serves free choice -- including the choice of people to be practicing Muslims -- is the best system for Islam .
That flaw infects the heart of the `` One Country , Two Systems '' notion : the idea that genuine autonomy can exist in a country whose supreme leaders do not believe in rule by consent .
In fact , many observers believe that Hong Kong 's real rate of joblessness is much higher , and fear that the trend is not encouraging .
China 's leaders , and their handpicked servants in Hong Kong may still believe that Tung 's popularity will revive if and when the economy does .
We believe in banknotes because we collectively decide to trust the government when it says that 100 is 100 , not 10 or 50 .
Just as we obey our leaders ' orders to fight and die because we trust their judgment , we entrust our careers and our money to those who run Citigroup and Goldman Sachs and other such banks , because we believe their leaders will be fair to their employees and clients , and honorable in their business practices .
In a survey of Israeli and Palestinian opinion of the roadmap , Yaakov Shamir of Hebrew University and I found that only 15 % of Palestinians agreed that Sharon would stand by Israel 's commitments , while only 30 % of Israelis believed that Abu Mazen would hold up the Palestinian end of the agreement .
Youthful nationalists believe that they will gain outright leadership among Palestinians when they convince moderate young Islamists to abandon Hamas and Islamic Jihad to join with them in ousting the old guard .
Such a tricameral legislature , its proponents believe , would better ensure that political decisions are made by more educated and enlightened representatives , thereby avoiding the rank populism of Western-style elected factions .
But despite its achievements , many people believe that the welfare state comes at too high a price in terms of dampening economic dynamism .
In theory , when interest rates go up , there is reason to believe that asset prices will go down .
But , there are reasons to believe that higher interest rates , even though expected , can have a negative impact on home prices . That is because home buyers are mostly ordinary people with little financial sophistication , unlike the professionals who trade in stocks .
The immediate cause was believed to have been Israel 's stunning success in the Yom Kippur War , which led Arab oil producers to retaliate by choking off output .
But most people do n't believe that the stock market will perform so well in the future .
Since the premium would be determined by the market , it would be higher in occupations that the market believes to be in danger from outsourcing or technical change .
Mexicans seem to believe that they could be living at close to US living standards in another few decades .
Most people still believe that housing is a great long-term investment .
Investing in the Poor Most people believe that the world of finance has no concern for the little guy , for all the low - and middle-income people who , after all , contribute little to the bottom line .
His goal of building a profitable lending business seems to have reflected his desire to believe in the trustworthiness of his clients .
If people believe that they will share in overall economic growth , they should be more likely to support social peace .
People want to believe that the boom will continue , and that their investments in their favorite city are thus special and exciting .
Stock-market movements are certainly hard to explain , but there are reasons to believe that Brazilians might be rationally exuberant .
After being lone believers through 2002 , Brazilian stock market participants are now finding that investors from all over the world want to join the party .
Mortgage lenders seem to have believed that home buyers would not default , because rising prices would make keeping up with their payments very attractive .
Alan Greenspan , the former Fed chairman , recently said that he now believes that speculative bubbles are important driving forces in our economy , but that , at the same time , the world 's monetary authorities can not control bubbles .
Despite scientific critics of the Club of Rome 's methods , the public was ready to believe the dire forecast .
It became widely believed that financial markets are such sublime poolers of information that they represent a collective judgment that transcends that of any mere mortal .
It was sincerely believed , and supported by deep intuitive judgment , that interruptions in this upward trajectory could only be small and transient .
People will believe many things if they have the impression that the rich and famous believe them , too .
Many people appear to believe that upswings in home prices reflect increasing scarcity of land in a world constrained by rapid economic growth and severe resource constraints -LRB- symbolized by the fear of global warming -RRB- .
This feedback has nothing to do with the debt-to-annual-GDP ratio crossing some threshold , unless the people who contribute to the feedback believe in the ratio .
The market may not value US stocks perfectly , but it is not irrational to believe that the corporate scandals are not a major factor .
We often do not protect the things that we have - such as our opportunities to earn income and accumulate wealth - because we mistakenly believe that our own natural superiority will do that for us .
Can anyone believe that this is because Americans are 14 times smarter or 14 times better in character than Indians ?
Citizens in advanced countries just ca n't believe - and do n't want to be told - that their privileged status may be dissipated unless proper steps are taken to insure against the risks they face .
As a general principle of foreign policy , China believes that national borders are sacrosanct .
As for Russia 's Far East , the Chinese believe it will eventually fall to China anyway , so there is no need to hasten the process .
So it is important to make clear : my government supports the ratification of New START , because we believe it will bolster our country 's security , and that of Europe as a whole .
The 9\/11 terrorists ' second blunder was to believe that their terrorist attacks would inspire irresistible surge in anti-Western Islamist extremism .
The basic principles that I believe should prevail , and which Somaliland meets , are the following :
True , many ordinary Europeans do not think that Europe should play an important part in global developments . They believe that foreign policy should be handled by their national governments .
Many people believe that they would be .
America the Hypocritical In commemorating the 230th anniversary of America 's independence last July , President George W. Bush noted that the patriots of the Revolutionary War believed that all men are created equal , and with inalienable rights .
Similarly , the revelation three years ago that the then-Australian opposition leader and aspiring prime minister , Mark Latham , had assaulted a taxi driver and broken his arm in a dispute about a fare was relevant for those who believe that a nation 's leader should be slow to anger .
Bonds is widely believed to have been helped by drugs and synthetic hormones .
That remark may have been a bitter payback for the role Spencer believed the media , and the paparazzi who worked for them , played in Diana 's death , but it was not without truth .
In 11 of these countries , most people believe that , over their lifetimes , people of different races and ethnicities have come to be treated more equally .
Words do have consequences , and what one generation says but does not really believe , the next generation may believe , and even act upon .
But once we abdicate our powers of reason in this way , we may as well believe anything at all .
The evidence of our own eyes makes it more plausible to believe that the world was not created by any god at all .
Bush and his staff had good reason to believe that this was not true .
Who would have believed , after the last two elections , that the American public was capable of electing such a candidate ?
I believe that we should n't really be focusing on inequality anyway . We should give priority to reducing unnecessary suffering .
Still , many people profess to believe that poverty is the result of not working hard enough , or of having too many children .
Richard Ellis , a marine conservationist at the American Museum of Natural History , believes that orcas are smart and would not do such a thing purely on impulse . `` This was premeditated , '' he told The Associated Press .
That something so significant could spring up independently of governments and big business led many to believe that the Internet can bring the world a new type of freedom .
That may be why so many people believe so strongly that the Internet should be left completely unfettered .
Yes , if one believes that life was created by God , then this comes as close to `` playing God '' as humans have come , so far .
We have yet to build a living organism entirely from bottles of chemicals , so anyone who believes in a `` life force '' that only a divine being could imbue into inert matter will no doubt continue to believe in it .
It would then be reassuring to believe that killing on such a vast scale does not matter , because fish do not feel pain .
Her recent book Do Fish Feel Pain ? shows that fish are not only capable of feeling pain , but also are a lot smarter than most people believe .
That this should happen while developed nations waste hundreds of millions of tons of grain and soybeans by feeding them to animals , and obesity reaches epidemic proportions , undermines our claims to believe in the equal value of all human life .
Chinese mothers , according to Chua , believe that children , once they get past the toddler stage , need to be told , in no uncertain terms , when they have not met the high standards their parents expect of them .
He believes that family pressure is a significant factor .
Another couple believes in `` self-directed learning '' to such an extent that one evening they went to bed at 11 p.m. , leaving their five-year-old watching her ninth straight hour of Barbie videos .
Darnton 's plan falls short of a universal library , because works in print and in copyright would be excluded ; but he believes that Congress might grant a non-commercial public library the right to digitize orphan books .
Unless he can show that objectivism is true , he believes , nothing matters .
One controversial law that did go ahead recently -- and that indicates how willing the government is to take tough measures that it believes will maximize overall happiness -- is a ban on the sale of tobacco .
In August 2001 , President George W. Bush told Americans that he worried about `` a culture that devalues life , '' and that he believed that , as President of the United States , he has `` an important obligation to foster and encourage respect for life in America and throughout the world . ''
Although the Bush administration acknowledged that some scientists believe stem cell research could offer new ways of treating diseases that affect 128 million Americans , this prospect evidently did not , in Bush 's view , justify destroying human embryos .
Apparently , he believes that the chance of killing an important terrorist leader is sufficient justification for firing a missile that will almost certainly kill innocent human beings .
In the dark , congested alleys of Lahore , Karachi , Peshawar , or Quetta , the yearning is not for democratic liberalism , but for the believers to unite behind the one true faith .
Senge Hasan Sering , from Skardu , the director of the Gilgit-Baltistan National Congress , believes that the number of Chinese People 's Liberation Army troops now present `` could be over 11,000 , '' as there are also additional `` PLA construction corps personnel '' deployed .
Many believe that aggregate CO2 emissions are the result of independent decisions in individual countries .
Obviously , markets still believe that Greece will default on its debt .
Politicians believe that imposing more budget discipline on Greece is a fourth possibility .
All of this is unpleasant , and it may not appeal to politicians who believe in dreams .
Nevertheless , the public still believed in perpetual growth .
This battle for the hearts and minds of believers will be fought on two fronts : the first is theological and educational , while the second concerns socioeconomic issues and the civil society agenda .
Moderate believers must look to examples such as Indonesia , where Islam has encountered and interacted with new and alien forces .
The first message will resonate with those who believe that a key lesson of the Asian crisis a decade ago is that countries opened themselves to certain types of flows -- especially foreign currency debt -- before they were ready .
They believe that boosting allied forces will only increase the sense of occupation and give the Taliban more targets .
The Americans do recognize the importance of courting those Taliban leaders they believe to be motivated by tribal loyalties rather than religious ideology , but they oppose the latest Afghan policy of negotiating directly and officially with the Taliban .
They believe that the threat of arrest can be used to force Bashir to mend his ways .
A small number of Black Swans , Taleb believes , `` explain almost everything in our world . ''
John Maynard Keynes wrote that `` practical men who believe themselves to be quite immune from intellectual influences are usually the slaves of some defunct economist . '' Most of today 's crop of economists are not defunct , but continue to work in the ideological vicinity of Chicago .
Nevertheless , mainstream economists believe that economic actors possess enough information to lend their theorizing a sufficient dose of reality .
Salvation does not lie in better `` risk management '' by either regulators or banks , but , as Keynes believed , in taking adequate precautions against uncertainty .
I believe that the attempt by President Putin 's Kremlin to impose `` liberal empire '' or `` sovereign democracy '' on the post-Soviet states will fail .
If the multiplier is zero , as conservative-minded economists believe , there will be no effect on output , only on prices .
As our societies have become richer , we have come to believe that everyone is entitled to a minimum standard , whether in work or sickness or unemployment , which allows for a continuing level of comfort and flourishing .
The question he asked of his opponents was : `` What must they believe in order to claim that persistent mass unemployment is impossible , so that government ` stimulus ' to raise the employment level could do no good ? '' In answering this question , Keynes reconstructed the orthodox theory -- and then proceeded to demolish it .
What do people who demand rapid `` fiscal consolidation '' amid heavy unemployment need to believe about the economy to make their policy coherent ?
The question is : what must the cutters and slashers believe to justify their policies ?
Contrary to Keynes , orthodox economists believe that , after a big shock , economies will `` naturally '' return to their previous rate of growth , provided that governments balance their budgets and stop stealing resources from the private sector . The theory underlying this way of thinking was set out in the July Bulletin of the European Central Bank .
The Bulletin 's authors do not believe that a `` crowding out '' of this type actually happened over the last two years .
They both believe that democracy must come sooner or later , but Putin 's emphasis is very much on later , whereas Medvedev has added a liberalizing voice to Russia 's public discourse .
It is a difficult balancing act , because Putin can always reclaim the presidency if he believes that his erstwhile protégé wants to dismantle the authoritarian state he has created .
We ban pornography and restrict violence on TV , believing that they affect people negatively , yet we should believe that unrestricted advertising of consumer goods affects only the distribution of demand , but not the total ?
So why should we believe that the markets have been correctly pricing the risk of Greek , Irish , or Portuguese debt ?
This is because its advocates believe that no long-term co-existence with non-democracies is possible .
The neo-classical revolution believed that markets were much more cyclically stable than Keynes believed , that the risks in all market transactions can be known in advance , and that prices will therefore always reflect objective probabilities .
How member states respond now -- especially those who believe in the purpose and value of the UN - may help shape the outcomes of other , wider ongoing regional conflicts , notably with Iran and Syria , both of which support Hezbollah .
And clients will not bring those cases unless they believe that the judges are independent enough to decide cases on the merits , rather than on the basis of bribes or political considerations .
Russia clearly believes that the current tight world energy market and high prices give it enough leverage over the West to maintain its current approach .
Both countries firmly believe that military success in Iraq is impossible .
From the Industrial Revolution until very recently , the West 's development was free of any environmental restrictions , and the emerging countries believe that they should not have to bear the adjustment cost .
I firmly believe that the military option alone can not defeat terror .
But Europe risks being too servile in courting new alliances , fixated as it is on short-term gain -- and bereft of any clear idea of how such alliances fit with the kinds of values that it believes should guide revised global governance .
Indeed , I believe that it is here that the seminal reason for their plunging poll ratings lies . Europe 's leaders seem to lead nowhere , because they have no vision on which to draw .
The French are thus more ready to believe in the cultural diversity of nations than in the universality of democracy .
When the right has turned statist and Keynesian , the free market 's true believers are marginalized , and old-style anti-capitalism seems archaic , one wonders what Socialism in Europe can possibly mean ?
The Bush administration believes that international relations are relations of power ; legality and legitimacy are mere decorations .
In the long run , open society can not survive unless the people who live in it believe in it .
Many believe that essentially unlimited private money favors the Republicans .
My contributions are made in what I believe to be the common interest .
I believe there is a direct connection between this and the abuse of detainees by US soldiers in Abu Ghraib prison .
His campaign assumes that people do not really care about the truth and will believe almost anything if it is repeated often enough .
For instance , some 40 % of Americans still believe that Saddam Hussein was connected with 9\/11 , although the 9\/11 Commission - set up by Bush and chaired by a Republican - definitively established that no such connection existed .
With international aid poorly coordinated and the United States reducing its troop strength , many Afghans believe that the outside world is abandoning them .
I believe it is easy to find : the European Union embodies the principle of open society , which could serve as a force for a global open society .
Yet I believe that it is possible to inoculate the public against false arguments by arousing resentment against Orwellian Newspeak .
The system was so successful that people came to believe in what former president Ronald Reagan called `` the magic of the marketplace '' and I call market fundamentalism .
Fundamentalists believe that markets tend towards equilibrium and the common interest is best served by allowing participants to pursue their self-interest .
For example , we had no financial crises when central banks instructed commercial banks to limit their lending to particular economic sectors that they believed were overheating , such as real estate or consumer loans .
He rightly believed that reducing the money supply would have been too blunt an instrument to use .
He believes in international cooperation , rather than the might-is-right philosophy of the Bush-Cheney era .
The longer the turnaround lasts , the more people will believe that it will continue .
I believe that this amount could be at least doubled and assured for a longer time span .
Issing admits that he was among those who believed that `` starting monetary union without having established a political union was putting the cart before the horse . ''
Its architects were fully aware of this deficiency , but believed that when the need arose , the political will could be summoned to take the next step forward .
For religious believers , as earlier with Plato , beauty is a foretaste of what survives death .
More and more people believe that they are doing their children a favor by letting themselves be buried anonymously `` under the green grass '' to spare them the costs of the funeral and the upkeep of the grave .
Wars should n't happen at all , he believed .
More importantly , South Africa 's ruling elite clearly believes that black liberation solidarity of the kind that links Mbeki with Mugabe inevitably trumps human rights .
A better starting point , I believe , is the notion of shared responsibility for the stability of the system and its social benefits -- shared , that is , by participants and regulators .
If one believes that market instability is rare , then it is reasonable to refuse to act unless there is a compelling case to do so .
In the US , a subset of policymakers believes that weakening growth and high unemployment require a policy response .
Worryingly , QE2 appears to be viewed in the US as a growth strategy , which it is n't , unless one believes that low interest rates will reverse the private-sector deleveraging process , raise consumption , and lower savings -- neither a likely nor a desirable scenario .
After all , the wealth effect works only when people believe that the wealth is permanent .
In fairness , some believe that cutting the budget is a sufficient growth strategy .
There are those who disagree and believe that an economy 's dynamism is found almost entirely in the private sector , while the task of government is mainly to stay out of the way .
Still others accept that government could in principal do something useful , but believe that it normally does not , and that the risks outweigh the benefits .
So the most important question the US now faces is whether continued fiscal and monetary stimulus can , as some believe , help to right the economy .
The government knew monitors would turn up improprieties , but believes that it has nothing to hide , and much to gain , from honest criticism .
They enjoyed the confidence of Germany 's ruling classes , were determined to reject all compromise , and believed that `` one more push '' would deliver `` total victory . ''
As many travelers to France will attest , people in the French countryside believe that they , not Parisians , constitute the `` true '' France .
Their response is always : `` Yes , but we want to believe that there is a Japanese people . '' They even have a field of study devoted to examining what it means to be Japanese .
They believe in a strong state with robust executive powers , but one used in defense of established interests , with little attention to market principles .
Learning the Lessons of Iraq NEW YORK -- The Iraq war has been replaced by the declining economy as the most important issue in America 's presidential election campaign , in part because Americans have come to believe that the tide has turned in Iraq : the troop `` surge '' has supposedly cowed the insurgents , bringing a decline in violence .
Investment banks and credit rating agencies believed in financial alchemy -- the notion that significant value could be created by slicing and dicing securities .
Share prices show that investors believe that they got a really good deal .
Even during the recession of 2001 , those assembled in Davos believed that the downturn would be short-lived .
The bondholders will gain from an orderly restructuring , and if the value of the assets is truly greater than the market -LRB- and outside analysts -RRB- believe , they will eventually reap the gains .
Does anyone really believe that America 's bank officers suddenly became so much more productive , relative to everyone else in society , that they deserve the huge compensation increases they have received in recent years ?
Does anyone really believe that America 's CEO 's are that much more productive than those in other countries , where compensation is more modest ?
But despite protests by the yesterday 's proponents of deregulation , who would like the government to remain passive , most economists believe that government spending has made a difference , helping to avert another Great Depression .
Indeed , Keynes believed that it was surplus countries , far more than deficit countries , that posed a threat to global prosperity ; he went so far as to recommend a tax on surplus countries .
This , I believe , is unachievable , and its distributive consequences are unacceptable .
But even optimists do n't believe that real-estate prices will increase substantially any time soon .
But Americans are not supposed to believe in justice on average .
The resulting surge of money into emerging markets has meant that even finance ministers and central-bank governors who are ideologically opposed to intervening believe that they have no choice but to do so .
But the US believes that even this is not enough : it will interpret these rules in ways which suit its political interests , bending and breaking them at will , challenging those who do not like it to do something about it .
Regrettably , the financial markets and right-wing economists have gotten the problem exactly backwards : they believe that austerity produces confidence , and that confidence will produce growth .
I believe the downturn would have come earlier and more precipitously .
Too many Americans believe that while trade is good , imports are bad !
Is there any reason to believe that excessive policy inflexibility works better in Europe ?
This was a remarkable confession : these officials evidently believed that their policies had wrecked nearly half of Russia 's economic capacity in the space of just a few years -- a level of destruction not even Hitler 's Nazi armies had achieved .
Like so many other policy maxims , it has been repeated often enough that it has come to be believed .
During America 's growth boom in the 1990s , the Clinton Administration believed that it was worth risking pushing the unemployment rate lower , especially when the social gains -- declining welfare roles , reduced violence -- were added to the direct economic benefits .
Today , we believe that individuals , corporations , and institutions should be held accountable for their actions .
Indeed , there is every reason to believe the contrary - that the Euro will lead to slower growth and higher unemployment .
I believe some of the inequities of the past can be addressed without any direct attack on `` property rights , '' no matter how dubiously acquired .
I believe American abuses of human rights and the canons of civilized peoples that have come to light in Iraq , Afghanistan , and Guantanamo Bay , and the more horrendous abuses that almost surely will come to light later , are not merely the act of aberrant individuals .
Sadly , torture and other atrocities do happen in war - and the Iraq war is certainly not the only time torture has been used - but I believe that the Bush administration is responsible for creating a climate in which international law and democratic processes have been disregarded .
I believe most Americans reject Bush 's unilateralism no less than his administration 's economic policies .
Advocates of privatization claim to believe in markets , but they are proposing budget gimmickry that would move those losses off the books , as if markets could be easily fooled .
But officials there believe that that they have currently no choice .
Ann Krueger is a respected professor of economics at Stanford , former chief economist at the World Bank , and a person of enormous energy , integrity , and commitment to what she believes is good for developing countries .
Scientists increasingly believe that global warming will be accompanied by larger climatic disturbances .
On the contrary , I believe that the Iraq debacle underscores the value of the UN , and the need to strengthen it further .
For most of 2005 , Americans behaved as if they did n't really believe that oil prices would remain high , at least for a while .
But I believe that globalization has enormous potential -- as long as it is properly managed .
Although President George W. Bush says he believes in markets , in this case he has called for voluntary action .
It is hard to believe that he will stay on much longer at the World Bank , and it is time to start thinking more closely about the future of that institution .
Do you believe that the president of the World Bank should put the interests of developing countries first ?
Those in financial markets who believe in free markets have temporarily abandoned their faith .
With developing countries standing to lose even more than developed countries if nothing is done about global warming , many believe they can be cajoled , threatened , or induced to be part of a global agreement .
For those who think that a well-managed globalization has the potential to benefit both developed and developing countries , and who believe in global social justice and the importance of democracy -LRB- and the vibrant middle class that supports it -RRB- , all of this is bad news .
The numbers are hard to believe .
Who would have believed that one administration could do so much damage so quickly ?
We believe that the way in which scientific advice is developed and communicated lies at the heart of the question .
Given China 's deep distrust , it will never believe that a DPP president who insists on the Taiwanese people 's right to determine their future will not secretly push for independence .
Its leaders believed that there was little to be contributed or gained by getting involved in the region 's problems , and that Turkey 's Ottoman legacy would leave its Arab neighbors suspicious .
Urgent action is needed , as the recent financial and economic crisis , following hard on the heels of the food-price crisis , is believed to have set back progress on poverty reduction even further .
Kan continues to believe that a large government , with growing social-welfare expenditures , is the way to get the economy moving .
We do n't believe that regulation is a panacea for this state of affairs .
A recent opinion poll in Japan shows that 68 % of Japanese believe that the US and Britain should not attack Iraq .
Japan has relied entirely on the US for its security needs for over fifty years and the Japanese government essentially believes that it has no option but to agree with the US or to keep silent .
Chávez is the loser not only because he had provided the FARC moral support -LRB- he once described them as `` belligerents , '' not terrorists , and publicly called Uribe an American stooge -RRB- , but also because it is believed that he has been providing the FARC covert military support .
There were serious grounds over the last three years to believe that Latin America was going through one of its regular bouts of left-wing destabilization , given the rise of Bolivian President Evo Morales , Ecuador 's President Rafael Correa , and their ringleader , Chávez .
Unlike Chávez , Fidel 's fawning disciple , Uribe , Calderón , and Lula are quietly supporting political liberalization in Cuba , and believe that Raúl Castro also worries about Cuba 's dependence on Venezuela , as well as on China .
It is believed that the Armenian genocide inspired the Nazis in their plans for the extermination of Jews .
The 100,000 members of this Muslim sect , which believes that Muhammad was not the last prophet , have been declared infidels , and the government outlawed their publications until the ban was reversed by the Bangladeshi High Court .
The world can not afford a second Afghanistan in Bangladesh , where Huji members are believed to have given sanctuary to many Taliban fighters after the fall of their regime .
Indeed , the established concept of nuclear deterrence through `` mutual assured destruction '' -LRB- MAD -RRB- , which kept the peace between the Soviet Union and NATO , may not apply with a ruler like Ahmadinejad , who believes in the sacred merits of martyrdom .
Those who believe that Ahmedinejad is a bluffer and a buffoon who would pull back from the brink may be fundamentally misreading his psychology .
It sought this change because it believed firms would not hire people they could never fire .
Another 10 % believe that an authoritarian regime is better and more effective than a democratic political system .
Of course , some extreme philosophical individualists believe that appealing to a greater collective is pure humbug , concocted to get voters to accept voluntary servitude .
-LRB- To the dismay of Indian liberals , a judge has admitted a petition against the filmmakers , but it is difficult to believe the case will go far . -RRB-
The mosque was built in the 1520 's by India 's first Mogul emperor , Babur , on a site traditionally believed to have been the birthplace of the Hindu god-king Ram , the hero of the 3,000-year-old epic , the Ramayana .
But many historians -- most of them Hindu -- argue that there is no proof that Ram ever existed in human form , let alone that he was born where believers claim .
Gandhi believed in `` weaning an opponent from error by patience , sympathy , and self-suffering . ''
India will also have to reconsider its traditional opposition to the Council 's tendency to broaden its mandate by taking on issues that India believes fall within the General Assembly 's jurisdiction .
He is simultaneously the most visible spiritual leader of a worldwide community of believers , a role that India honors , and a political leader , a role that India permits but rejects in its own dealings with him .
But few observers believe that the BJP would have conducted itself differently .
I believe so .
This suggests that , although Egyptians may not necessarily prefer strongman rule , they are entirely comfortable with it and may even believe that it is necessary .
But that is precisely what happens when governments believe that economic salvation lies in winning a growing share of export markets .
Understanding the intentions of Iran 's leaders is not as difficult or as ambiguous as some believe .
Yet , from another point of view , dialogue prevails over war and the stubborn defense of what one believes to be his identity , because it brings us closer to the vocation of humanity .
The military question -- believed to have been resolved after the region 's transition to democracy which came with the Cold War 's end , the effort to achieve regional integration , and the push toward globalization -- has reappeared .
Do we seriously believe that law-enforcement officials and people in other government agencies will stop taking bribes just because Kenyans have approved a new constitution ?
Russia , it is widely believed , can rely on domestic capital .
Many British people believed in a `` Free Trade Empire . ''
HARARE : Before Zimbabwe 's Presidential election earlier this month , I believed that if the election were not handled properly , there would be serious fallout in the country and throughout Southern Africa .
Because of an inadequate number of polling stations , I believe that in Harare and Chitungwiza alone more than 360,000 people stood in a queue to vote but never gained the opportunity to cast their ballot .
Practical men , who believe themselves to be quite exempt from any intellectual influences , are usually the slaves of some defunct economist . ''
And regulation to increase market transparency was not only acceptable , but a central tenet of the doctrine , since transparency , like financial innovation , was believed to complete markets and help generate increased liquidity and price discovery .
We believe , as was recognized at the UN World Summit , that military force should only be a last resort when needed to prevent or halt large-scale loss of life .
Every person living in Ukraine is forced to believe in three great falsehoods : the first consists of the assumption that all of today 's humiliating disorders - economic collapse , poverty , unemployment - are natural consequences of our postcommunist transition .
In evicting that regime , we believed that this form of absolutism was ended .
Many economists also believe that ownership of stolen goods must be recognized .
They have , I believe , lost their way and taken a path that can only lead back to the supremacy of arbitrary power .
For when people do not believe that their government adheres to this higher spirit of law , no constitution is worth the paper it is written on ; no business transaction is safe .
Even those Europeans who believe -- wrongly -- that democracy does not easily take root in post-Soviet countries should recognize that our people now feel empowered .
To believe that such a vision can work for Russia , Ukraine , and Europe is not wishful thinking , but rests on the successful experience of France and Germany in promoting amity .
Nor do I believe that Russia is so inherently autocratic that democracy must invariably fail .
But I do believe that , for these canards to be discarded , Russia and Ukraine must open themselves to global competition , not isolate themselves with each other .
We who are struggling to maintain our democracy in Ukraine believe this .
Now , more than ever , we must believe this , for Russian troops wearing Ukrainian uniforms have entered our country , because Ukrainian soldiers are refusing to carry out orders to crush those who are demonstrating to defend our democracy .
I believe that the key factors now are somewhat different from those that drove up food prices in 2008 .
But , faced with the need to manage climate risk for our investors and our descendants , we believe the Blueprints outcomes provide the best balance between economy , energy , and environment .
There is also no reason to believe -LRB- contrary to the regime 's insistence -RRB- that the Brotherhood would emerge victorious from a democratic transition .
I believe , however , that there is another explanation for these phenomena , which is based on rational calculation and information processing by institutions and traders .
If we believe that economic actors are irrational , then we will enact paternalistic policies aimed at controlling behavior or bailing out failed agents and institutions , which could be self-defeating and even dangerous .
If , on the other hand , we believe that economic actors will respond rationally to incentives and information , then we can usefully reform regulatory frameworks with well-targeted measures , including restrictions on off-balance sheet vehicles , tougher disclosure requirements , and controls on rating agencies ' conflicts of interests .
Competition authorities , on the other hand , tend to believe that the more competition , the better .
Although he avoids talking about it at home , even Kim Jung Il may now believe that `` juche '' is a losing philosophy .
I believe that China 's innovative model for development is likely to help it weather both the gathering economic crisis and any resulting social and political unrest .
Currently , ordinary Chinese still believe that their country 's economic growth remains high , and China 's leaders continue to enjoy high approval ratings because of widespread belief in their abilities and dedication .
Most Chinese now firmly believe that a more open and free China , one increasingly integrated into the world economy , is the only way forward .
Given that most Asian leaders believe Asian disunity made the West all-powerful in the first place , these calls are treated with understandable caution .
By 1997 , Mahathir was at the pinnacle of his power , inspiring the country to believe that it would not be long before all of the country 's communities would see themselves as sharing a common Malay nationality .
The new Polish constitution gives an elegant answer : It acknowledge both traditions : '' We , the Polish Nation - all citizens of the Republic , both those who believe in God as the source of truth , justice , good and beauty , as well as those not sharing such faith but respecting those universal values as arising from other sources , equal in rights and obligations towards the common good ... ''
But proponents of such US guarantees believe that they discourage aggression and contribute to nuclear non-proliferation by reducing the incentive of US allies to seek their own nuclear deterrents .
More generally , for reasons of pride and history , many Russians refuse to believe that US policymakers have become more concerned about Iran 's minimal strategic potential than they are about Russia 's robust nuclear forces .
Investigators from the US and Guatemala believe that the two biggest Mexican cartels , the Sinaloa and Gulf gangs , are spreading their tentacles across various departments ; the Gulf cartel 's notorious armed wing , Los Zetas , is held responsible for a spate of massacres in the country in the past year .
Many economists believe that a major reason for the quetzal 's strength against the dollar in recent years has been the amount of drug money laundered through the Guatemalan financial system .
There is every reason to believe that the worldwide competition for human talent , the race to produce innovative research , the push to extend university campuses to multiple countries , and the rush to train talented graduates who can strengthen increasingly knowledge-based economies will be good for the US as well .
Many of these innovations , I believe , can be reproduced in other large cities as well .
But if Obama seizes what we believe is a rare historic opportunity this could change decisively -- for the long-term benefit of America , India , and the world .
Many who spoke to me directly in my Facebook community believe that Congress is utterly broken and regard faith in either of America 's major parties as naïve .
Many citizens believe , rightly , that their mass media are failing to investigate and document abuses .
Likewise , in an age when corporate lobbyists have a free hand in shaping -- if not drafting -- public policies , many people believe , again rightly , that their elected officials no longer represent them . Hence their impulse to believe in unseen forces .
Obama understands , as I believe Hillary Clinton understands , that resolving those crises is the true key to matters of war and peace -- the true marker of the possibility of international alliances .
I believe that Obama knows that Hillary realizes that conflict emerges from these problems , and that using military intervention without addressing them is merely the equivalent of throwing a blanket into a volcano .
But education simply does not deliver economic growth the way our politicians -- and businessmen -- believe : more education in does not mean more growth out .
But why should the private sector believe that the central bank is serious about hitting its price_level target , if all that is observed in each period is a zero nominal interest rate and another target shortfall ?
If public opinion polls are to be believed , on May 29 the French will reject the European Union 's draft constitutional treaty .
Sarkozy believes that he has a popular mandate to push his labor-market reforms through parliament , where he controls a large majority .
Rulers , they believed , should act in accord with moral norms whenever possible .
Indeed , Henry Kissinger once told me that he believes that Chinese traditional thought has a greater chance than any foreign ideology -LRB- say , Marxism or liberalism -RRB- of becoming the dominant intellectual force behind Chinese foreign policymaking .
Because poverty was an obstacle to moral behavior , they believed that the state should be vitally concerned with eliminating it .
Whether Hamas can claim a victory -- and whether Palestinians will believe them will be determined by the type of ceasefire that is eventually agreed , if a formal one is eventually agreed .
Many Palestinians believe that Israel inflicted this damage on Gaza to drive a wedge between the people and the `` resistance . ''
In short , young Muslims in the West need to believe that democratic principles are respected abroad and applied equally at home .
America , they believe , only wants a democracy that suits its interests .
They are for it because they believe it will defang Moqtada al-Sadr , the rogue Shi'a cleric whose power has mushroomed over the past three years -- to the point that he now dominates much of Baghdad and holds the allegiance of countless angry young Shi'a men .
That such a meeting took place is a sign that both Pope and King believed that there was something to achieve .
Indeed , Abdullah , who believes himself to be the paramount leader of the Muslim world , is the first Saudi king to initiate a meeting with a leader of the Christian faith .
Abdullah sought the meeting because he believes that the world since 2001 has divided the fraternity of conservatives .
Only an alliance of conservative leaders and powers -LRB- including a retreat by America from diplomatic radicalism -RRB- , Abdullah believes , can restore some stability to the Middle East .
With the USSR 's demise , communist ideology , which Muslims believe contradicts their faith , ended too .
But aggressive follow-up therapy will be required to prevent the remaining Al Qaeda cells from metastasizing by acquiring more adherents who believe in violence to achieve the ` purification ' and empowerment of Islam .
Despite the bloody civil war that followed Saddam Hussein 's ouster , Iraq still believes that it has a right to regional leadership .
The royals believe that custodianship of Islam 's holy places gives them a special status in the Arab world , and that no revolution can touch them .
I believe , however , that Korean extremism stems from the country 's geography and history .
I believe that capital flight will increase substantially .
Yet the crisis will be severe , not only because prices for the major Russian export commodities -- oil , gas , and metal -- have plummeted , but also because the government , which believed in its boundless force and wisdom , now seems inadequate to the challenges that Russia faces .
I do not believe that corruption is coming to light just because law enforcement is somehow better , or because citizens , like the presidential staff who accused President Katsav of sexual crimes and harassment , are more courageous .
The recent episodes of corruption , I believe , are rooted in the division , beginning in 1967 , of two altogether distinct sets of norms and values .
By the fact that he believes and has confidence in you , cares about your true needs , and honestly tells you your mistakes , which he tries to help you correct .
Even if you do n't believe in Palestinians ' real desire for peace , their capacity to hold terrorist organizations at bay , or their renunciation of the alleged right of return , you can always protect your security with a military presence in Palestinian territories rather than prejudicing the future peace and the two-state solution by expanding useless settlements . ''
I believe that some of the preconditions posed by the Israeli prime minister in his recent , widely reported speech are fully justified .
The bleakness of these alternatives has led many to believe that the best and most moral way of neutralizing the Iranian threat would be for Israel to sign a peace treaty with the Palestinians .
I believe that this change in North Korea 's pattern of behavior is profoundly related to recent fundamental changes there .
They seem to believe that possession of nuclear weapons provides them with far wider room for strategic and tactical boldness .
But , compared to the more fundamental factors discussed above , I believe that this is probably a secondary motive for the attack on the Cheonan .
Syria is widely believed to have been responsible for the crime , and domestic Lebanese and international pressure helped force Syria 's pullout .
Today , the country is believed to have about 60 working astronomers , more than half of all the astronomers working in Africa . `` South Africa is the jewel of African astronomy , '' says Charles McGruder , a professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at Western Kentucky University .
For believers in the benefits of diversity , California represents the largest social experiment in human history , bringing people of different backgrounds together in a way unimaginable in , say , Germany , China , or Brazil .
I can not believe that people in developed counties , when informed about the issues , would support rescuing bankers and oppose partial compensation for poor countries and regions .
I can not believe that they will let such an injustice occur .
Indeed , the huge increase in China 's trade surplus in recent years is a consequence not of the renminbi 's exchange rate , as many believe , but of the domestic savings ' increase .
We believe that the increased availability of medications that have been approved for the treatment of bipolar disorder might be influencing clinicians who are unsure whether or not a patient has bipolar disorder or borderline personality disorder to err on the side of diagnosing the disorder that is responsive to medication .
For anyone who believes in free markets , the most serious risk of the current situation is that the interest of a few financiers will undermine the capitalist system 's fundamental workings .
Either officials recognize immediately the inevitability of default and waste no resources trying to prevent it , or they believe that a default can be avoided and deploy all the resources at their disposal as fast as possible .
