Russia knows that such negotiations will be fruitless , but believes that another seemingly innocent appeal for more talks would strain EU unity , which appears to be a vital goal for Putin .
Abbas believes that Hamas 's acceptance of negotiations with Israel is the only way to break the international sanctions that are devastating Palestinian society .
Indeed , the seizure of Shalit deepened the rift between Hamas and Fatah , which believes that the abduction was staged in order to sabotage discussions about a national unity government .
The second obstacle is border controls with Georgia , a mainly political issue : whether Abkhazia and South Ossetia are independent , as Russia maintains , or are part Georgia , as the rest of the world believes .
Today , as protests mount and multiply , the government of every Arab state in the Middle East and North Africa probably believes that , if left to its own devices , it can contain internal dissent .
Iran believes that it is the victim of an international double standard -- acceptance of Pakistan 's and India 's nuclear status , not to mention Israel 's -- which only fuels its sense of discrimination and its resolve to pursue its ambitions .
Netanyahu persists in questioning Obama 's infatuation with the two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , and he refuses to see the link that Obama believes exists between an Israeli-Palestinian peace and his capacity to curtail Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
This reflects the benefits that NATO believes can be drawn from Israel 's unique military experience .
The Iranian challenge to Israel 's strategic hegemony is presented as a Holocaust-style existential threat , and Israel 's other enemies -- Hezbollah , which believes that it can bring about `` the end of the Zionist entity , '' and Syria , which publicly boasts of its ballistic missiles ' capacity to destroy Israel 's main urban centers -- are similarly viewed as irrational actors .
Erdogan believes that , by exercising Turkey 's capacity for mediation , he will recover the burden of his Ottoman forbears as the guarantors of peace and security in the Mashreq .
Whatever route is taken , the great question today concerns the enigma that is Bibi Netanyahu , a would-be Churchill who believes that his mission is to thwart the designs of Iran 's evil new Shia empire , something which requires the goodwill of the international community , particularly of the Obama administration .
Hamas believes that the deal vindicated the teachings of Hezbollah 's leader , Hassan Nassrallah , who has defined Israel as nothing but a `` spider 's web '' that can be destroyed with the whisper of a sword .
McNamara believes an invasion would `` certainly '' have triggered a Soviet nuclear attack against the US .
The Nobel laureate Robert Fogel argues that a new synergism between technological and physiological improvements has produced a radically new form of human evolution , which he calls technophysio evolution . Only this , Fogel believes , can explain recent trends in longevity , body size , the durability of vital organs , and chronic diseases .
As a last resort , the EU must even be prepared to rise to the military defense of the values and principles it believes are worth protecting .
Northern Muslims wonder why Soludo , a southern Christian , believes the government should horde excess cash that could be spent to relieve poverty among their constituents .
No one believes that Germany is at risk of default , but investors overlook this sort of policy shift at their own risk .
Finally , just as Iran faces no China -- an outside player with considerable domestic influence -- North Korea faces no Israel , a neighbor that believes its security could depend on an act of military pre-emption .
Even Wilders , with his absurd call to ban the Koran , clearly believes that there are limits -- for his opponents , of course , not for himself .
Obama , he said , believes in `` liberation theology , '' which means that he must be a `` socialist , '' thus un-American .
Two-thirds of Bolivians are dissatisfied with the way the Constituent Assembly has carried out its work , and a majority believes that the constitutional text is illegal .
Today , however , the reigning Republican orthodoxy is a kind of smug pseudo-Friedmanism that believes that markets left to themselves can do no wrong .
Third , if the basic values in which the West believes are threatened anywhere , we must either be prepared to defend them or to abandon them without a fight .
In today 's crisis , anyone who believes in Western values must hope that such politicians emerge victorious .
Blair believes that Britain ought to join the Euro , because he wants Britain to be , as he puts it , `` at the heart of Europe '' .
Brown believes , and has said , that Britain must always be close friends with America ; and obviously that is the right thing to believe and say .
In sharp contrast , the Institute of International Finance , the leading trade association for the world 's top banks , believes that the impact of higher capital requirements could be far stronger .
The IIF believes that GDP could be fully 5 % lower after five years , with unemployment more than 7 % higher .
Haldane believes that this growth spurt is well and truly over .
This is a key facet of Robert Rubin 's strength : he is a classy guy , one who believes that credit is to be shared .
To cause a significant current evil in order to avoid a possible future danger when our knowledge is limited and our judgments uncertain is , Greenspan believes , unwise .
Indeed , according to Kocherlakota , nobody really believes them. : `` Macroeconomists use them only as convenient short-cuts to generate the requisite levels of volatility '' in their mathematical models .
First , is it really true that nobody believes these stories ?
Another compelling explanation comes from a venture capitalist who credits Chinese society with copious reserves of entrepreneurial energy that derives , he believes , from the fact that Chinese culture attaches very little shame to failing in a business enterprise .
The American law professor James Boyle believes that we can grasp the way in which the body has become an object of trade by likening it to the historical process of enclosure .
But the Supreme Court 's rulings affirm the fundamental principle that even grave dangers do not warrant the sort of blanket deference to which the Bush Administration believes it is entitled whenever it utters the words `` war '' and `` terrorism . ''
The European Union believes that the Russian initiative is well grounded and has shown interest in launching such a project .
While that is useful information , it does not say anything about the extent to which each forecaster believes that growth might turn out to be less than 1 % , or even less than zero .
A country that believes that monetary or fiscal policy is too tight may threaten to leave if policy is not changed .
But if it turns toward the past in looking for its future , and if it believes it can dispense with investments in the future in favor of shameless personal self-enrichment , it will continue to lose ground .
To be sure , governments can not escape their responsibilities to their citizens , and only the most naïve technocrat believes that the market alone can ensure energy independence .
No one believes that such an edifice can be detached from the government , or that he will abstain from taking part in his wife 's decisions as president .
Néstor will not publicly express any attitude that hints at shared government , but nobody believes that he will be far from the scene .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Al Thani clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum .
If an entire society believes that you can not depend on legal rights for protection - that one must instead rely on a web of relationships with those who have power and influence - questions about whether such a society is livable or desirable will remain .
America 's Democrats continue to argue for complete withdrawal of United States forces from Iraq within 18 months , despite the fact that no rational observer believes that Iraqi forces will by then be able to secure Iraq 's borders and face down the country 's numerous militias , which remain armed to the teeth .
As for the Republicans , setting aside Sarah Palin 's talk of America 's divine mission in the war on terror , it is inconceivable that John McCain truly believes that a US presence is sustainable in Iraq into the indefinite future .
Iraq 's government is demanding a withdrawal timetable from the US , not because it believes that Iraqi forces will be ready to take over soon , but to burnish its nationalist credentials ahead of next year 's parliamentary elections .
Anyone who believes in the rights of all children to quality education should be troubled by a decision so myopic .
A conservative is someone who , in the tradition of the eighteenth-century English parliamentarian Edmund Burke , believes that the established order deserves respect , even reverence .
At other times , like Stalin , he believes that Russia 's power requires a strong hand -- what he calls his `` dictatorship of law . ''
Despite his insistence on rubbing shoulders with world leaders and portraying himself as a modernizer , Putin , like his predecessors , is in fact a ruler who believes that only authoritarian rule can protect his country from anarchy and disintegration .
China believes that it has found its own model to develop and modernize , and its rulers regard the Games in the same way as the Nazis and Leonid Brezhnev did , as a means of `` selling '' their model to a global audience .
If he believes that , he is fooling only himself .
Power in Russia is a product of inertia and personal willfulness , and a generally apathetic public has traditionally surrendered to the country 's paradox of tyranny : a weak state believes that it can function as a strong state by depriving citizens of basic liberties and the ability to make their own decisions .
If he sincerely believes that the mentally retarded should never be executed , he should instruct his Justice Department to file a Supreme Court brief opposing McCarver 's execution , and urge state governors to ban the practice .
People from the region still believe in the EU , but they are not sure that the EU believes in itself .
If we believe , as the Catholic Church believes , that human beings bear the burden of original sin , but are perfectible ; that human beings can understand what is good and bad and can choose between them because we have free will , then approval of the free market is understandable and not naive .
Jesus worded it positively : `` So in everything , do to others what you would have them do to you . '' Islam , too , has a similar concept : `` None of you believes until he wishes for his brother what he wishes for himself . ''
Instead , the Americans have their own ideas about how to achieve a breakthrough , especially with Israel , which the Obama administration believes is now the major obstacle .
Abbas conducts himself in a business-like manner , and he strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics .
Whereas the European project is founded on the rule of law , Russia believes that when the balance of power changes , the laws should be changed to reflect it .
In Global Development Horizons 2011 , the World Bank presents what it believes to be the most probable global currency scenario in 2025 -- a multicurrency arrangement centered on the dollar , euro , and renminbi .
The EU believes it is showing the way , but if the world follows the Union , it seems that we are more likely simply to become lost .
Republican John McCain believes that it presents `` a test of foresight , of political courage , and of the unselfish concern that one generation owes to the next , '' while Democrat Barack Obama calls it `` one of the greatest moral challenges of our generation . ''
Moreover , he evidently believes that the geo-strategic value of the bases enable him to bargain for a major US compromise .
He also believes that conditions in Africa are `` a scar on the conscience of the world , '' and has established a Commission for Africa that will report to the G8 .
Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , on the other hand , believes the size of the military is adequate if it is re-organized for maximum efficiency .
One school believes that modern terrorism can not be eradicated , or that the costs of doing so are unacceptably high .
Bush , in contrast , believes that terrorism is rooted in the absence of political and economic opportunity .
If the international community believes that these goals are correct , assistance should continue to be provided as long as the benchmarks are being met .
Now the West believes that it has found a `` third way '' by threatening to boycott the Olympics ' opening ceremony , but not the Games themselves .
Castro believes in giving farm workers greater incentives .
To prevent further climate change , the IPCC believes , emissions should be brought down to 2.3 tons per person globally , or roughly half the current per capita average , in the next 50 to 75 years .
Mousavi , who believes that Iran is in `` poor shape , '' is perceived by many of the Iranian elite to possess the revolutionary and ideological credentials to run against Islamist fundamentalists such as Ahmadinejad .
Rudd wisely believes that the right response to China 's rise is to incorporate it into international institutional arrangements .
Ferguson believes that a doubling of public debt in the coming decade can not erode US strength on its own , but that it could weaken a long-assumed faith in America 's ability to weather any crisis .
Turkey has no desire to serve as a strategic counterweight to Iran and believes that only a territorially intact Iraq can continue to play that role .
But opinion polls continue to show a huge drop in Toledo 's popularity , and no one believes that he will make it to the end of his term in 2006 .
Washington believes anti-drug policies will fail , to the benefit of drug dealers , if coca growers continue to identify themselves with nationalists who vindicate the leaf 's production .
As someone who believes that China 's rise should be good for the world , I hope that Deng 's wise advice will be heeded by those Chinese officials who seem to think that this is a good moment to start stamping their feet .
Europe 's problem is part of what it believes to be its greatest achievement .
No doubt Kissinger believes every word he wrote , but his ideas also honestly articulate the aspirations of his customers . It 's just that not all customers have the same motives .
The US , in particular , now believes that most of its adversaries are not soldiers in the conventional sense , but `` unlawful combatants '' -- people to whom the protections of the Geneva Conventions do not apply .
Returning to the example of drugs , the question is whether one believes that financial innovation is like aspirin , which generates huge benefits at low risk , or methamphetamine , which stimulates euphoria , followed by a dangerous crash .
Most importantly , a slowdown of this magnitude would put China below the 8 % growth threshold that its leadership apparently believes is necessary to avert social strife .
The Chinese leadership 's gamble is that a rapid increase in living standards and employment opportunities will keep the lid on simmering social and political tensions . That is why it is so intent on achieving annual economic growth of 8 % or higher -- the magic number that it believes will contain social strife .
But when the adviser believes his work will benefit those whom the leader effectively holds hostage , he has a duty not to withhold advice .
No one believes that Palestinian leader Abu Mazin can or will do anything to stop such attacks .
The Pakistani security establishment believes that it faces a US-Indian-Afghan alliance aimed at undermining Pakistani influence in Afghanistan and even dismembering the Pakistani state . Civilian leaders evaluate Pakistan 's national interests differently , but they , too , can not be indifferent to Pakistan 's chronic sense of insecurity .
While President George W. Bush believes that he has protected Americans by `` taking the war to the enemy , '' more than 1,700 Americans have died in the Iraq war , which also has provoked terrorist attacks on US allies .
For the same reason , Keynes famously described the stock market as a beauty contest in which each judge chooses not the most beautiful contestant according to his own views , but rather the contestant that he believes will be chosen by the other judges !
Life , however , is more complicated than the Bush Administration believes .
The US can not legally market Iraqi oil , much less invest in new fields , until the old UN sanctions against Iraq are lifted . But the rest of the world believes that lifting the sanctions is tantamount to handing Iraq 's oil future over to the US and UK occupying forces and their corporate cronies .
An obsessive US administration , led by a President who reportedly believes that he is on a holy mission to fight terror in the Middle East , pays no attention to the rest of the world .
Hezbollah and its main backer , Iran , were motivated by two concerns : fear of the next Israeli attack , which Hezbollah believes is inevitable , and concern over Syrian-Israeli peace talks that , if successful , could leave Hezbollah without its main bridge to Iran . Hezbollah has been rearming and redeploying since the 2006 war ; the actions of May further consolidate its position in and around Beirut .
China , too , believes that if advocates of `` regime change '' do not push North Korea too hard , a strategy can be pursued that is based on slow evolution rather than a precipitous break -- and a possible violent breakdown .
To paraphrase an old adage , what is fare for the US goose must be fare for the Chinese gander , even if the goose believes that the gander is becoming a little uppity .
That depends on whether one believes that Leninist capitalism is a viable and stable form of government for China over the long term .
Since the premium would be determined by the market , it would be higher in occupations that the market believes to be in danger from outsourcing or technical change .
Alan Greenspan , the former Fed chairman , recently said that he now believes that speculative bubbles are important driving forces in our economy , but that , at the same time , the world 's monetary authorities can not control bubbles .
As a general principle of foreign policy , China believes that national borders are sacrosanct .
Richard Ellis , a marine conservationist at the American Museum of Natural History , believes that orcas are smart and would not do such a thing purely on impulse . `` This was premeditated , '' he told The Associated Press .
Yes , if one believes that life was created by God , then this comes as close to `` playing God '' as humans have come , so far .
We have yet to build a living organism entirely from bottles of chemicals , so anyone who believes in a `` life force '' that only a divine being could imbue into inert matter will no doubt continue to believe in it .
He believes that family pressure is a significant factor .
Another couple believes in `` self-directed learning '' to such an extent that one evening they went to bed at 11 p.m. , leaving their five-year-old watching her ninth straight hour of Barbie videos .
Darnton 's plan falls short of a universal library , because works in print and in copyright would be excluded ; but he believes that Congress might grant a non-commercial public library the right to digitize orphan books .
Unless he can show that objectivism is true , he believes , nothing matters .
One controversial law that did go ahead recently -- and that indicates how willing the government is to take tough measures that it believes will maximize overall happiness -- is a ban on the sale of tobacco .
Apparently , he believes that the chance of killing an important terrorist leader is sufficient justification for firing a missile that will almost certainly kill innocent human beings .
Senge Hasan Sering , from Skardu , the director of the Gilgit-Baltistan National Congress , believes that the number of Chinese People 's Liberation Army troops now present `` could be over 11,000 , '' as there are also additional `` PLA construction corps personnel '' deployed .
A small number of Black Swans , Taleb believes , `` explain almost everything in our world . ''
It is a difficult balancing act , because Putin can always reclaim the presidency if he believes that his erstwhile protégé wants to dismantle the authoritarian state he has created .
Russia clearly believes that the current tight world energy market and high prices give it enough leverage over the West to maintain its current approach .
But Europe risks being too servile in courting new alliances , fixated as it is on short-term gain -- and bereft of any clear idea of how such alliances fit with the kinds of values that it believes should guide revised global governance .
The Bush administration believes that international relations are relations of power ; legality and legitimacy are mere decorations .
He believes in international cooperation , rather than the might-is-right philosophy of the Bush-Cheney era .
More importantly , South Africa 's ruling elite clearly believes that black liberation solidarity of the kind that links Mbeki with Mugabe inevitably trumps human rights .
If one believes that market instability is rare , then it is reasonable to refuse to act unless there is a compelling case to do so .
In the US , a subset of policymakers believes that weakening growth and high unemployment require a policy response .
Worryingly , QE2 appears to be viewed in the US as a growth strategy , which it is n't , unless one believes that low interest rates will reverse the private-sector deleveraging process , raise consumption , and lower savings -- neither a likely nor a desirable scenario .
The government knew monitors would turn up improprieties , but believes that it has nothing to hide , and much to gain , from honest criticism .
But the US believes that even this is not enough : it will interpret these rules in ways which suit its political interests , bending and breaking them at will , challenging those who do not like it to do something about it .
Ann Krueger is a respected professor of economics at Stanford , former chief economist at the World Bank , and a person of enormous energy , integrity , and commitment to what she believes is good for developing countries .
Although President George W. Bush says he believes in markets , in this case he has called for voluntary action .
Japan has relied entirely on the US for its security needs for over fifty years and the Japanese government essentially believes that it has no option but to agree with the US or to keep silent .
The 100,000 members of this Muslim sect , which believes that Muhammad was not the last prophet , have been declared infidels , and the government outlawed their publications until the ban was reversed by the Bangladeshi High Court .
Indeed , the established concept of nuclear deterrence through `` mutual assured destruction '' -LRB- MAD -RRB- , which kept the peace between the Soviet Union and NATO , may not apply with a ruler like Ahmadinejad , who believes in the sacred merits of martyrdom .
India will also have to reconsider its traditional opposition to the Council 's tendency to broaden its mandate by taking on issues that India believes fall within the General Assembly 's jurisdiction .
Yet , from another point of view , dialogue prevails over war and the stubborn defense of what one believes to be his identity , because it brings us closer to the vocation of humanity .
Sarkozy believes that he has a popular mandate to push his labor-market reforms through parliament , where he controls a large majority .
Indeed , Henry Kissinger once told me that he believes that Chinese traditional thought has a greater chance than any foreign ideology -LRB- say , Marxism or liberalism -RRB- of becoming the dominant intellectual force behind Chinese foreign policymaking .
Indeed , Abdullah , who believes himself to be the paramount leader of the Muslim world , is the first Saudi king to initiate a meeting with a leader of the Christian faith .
Abdullah sought the meeting because he believes that the world since 2001 has divided the fraternity of conservatives .
Only an alliance of conservative leaders and powers -LRB- including a retreat by America from diplomatic radicalism -RRB- , Abdullah believes , can restore some stability to the Middle East .
Despite the bloody civil war that followed Saddam Hussein 's ouster , Iraq still believes that it has a right to regional leadership .
By the fact that he believes and has confidence in you , cares about your true needs , and honestly tells you your mistakes , which he tries to help you correct .
For anyone who believes in free markets , the most serious risk of the current situation is that the interest of a few financiers will undermine the capitalist system 's fundamental workings .
