As a result , Pakistan was rewarded with American financial assistance and arms .
According to the constitution -LRB- originally promulgated in 1973 by an elected parliament -RRB- , a serving military official can not run for an elected office .
To be sure , in some cases , judicial activism was obvious -LRB- though within the realm of constitutional law -RRB- , and the media also made mistakes ; but by no stretch of the imagination can these be linked to religious extremism or support for militancy .
Nor can a weak , embattled , and disoriented Musharraf be expected to fight Islamic militancy effectively or bring political stability to Pakistan .
As chaos and confusion set in , we should not lose sight of President Pervez Musharraf 's partial responsibility for this turn of events . At the very least , he can not be absolved from his government 's failure to provide Bhutto with adequate security .
One can understand why religious extremists like Al-Qaeda and Taliban would target her , and the government claims that it is impossible to defend against a suicide attack .
With Pakistan 's future in the balance , the West 's help and support will be crucial , but that means recognizing that Musharraf is not the only leader who can resolve Pakistan 's myriad problems and manage the war on terror .
Whether this American intelligence assessment is based on credible information is unknown .
American election-year politics may also be behind this assertion .
But it is significant that Bush decided to voice this view during Pakistan 's political transition .
American officials have likened this strategy to negotiating with terrorists , and point to a previous round of negotiations that did nothing to stop violence in the tribal areas .
This window of opportunity can be expanded through dialogue and reconciliation with those who are ready to disavow extremism and militancy .
American reluctance to abandon Musharraf -- together with prolonged electricity shortages , which made the new government appear incompetent -- also raised his hopes .
In this context , the army , seeking to avoid sole responsibility for reverses , wants a popular government to take charge of policy . No such government can emerge if the elected parties are unseated .
Rather than trying to face down impeachment and prolonging the crisis , he should recognize that Pakistan can not afford more instability , and that giving up honorably will bring him some respect .
Much of the current trouble can be traced to Afghanistan , whose tragedy could never have remained confined within its designated borders .
The ills of two decades in South Asia can be attributed to the Afghan jihad years : the rise of the Taliban , the dominance of Pakistani-sponsored religious fanatics within the Kashmir freedom movement , and the eventual spread of sectarian conflict within Pakistan .
Equally important for Pakistan is to expand and reform its public education system and improve basic services so that radical groups can not lure young people into their educational and welfare networks .
Otherwise , the status quo can gravely threaten Pakistan 's -- and South Asia 's -- future .
Most significantly , in the face of martial law and political assassination , Pakistanis have not given up their dream of democracy .
The terrorists have shown before that they can take a punch , strike back , and even rebuild their networks .
Only a concerted law-enforcement effort , with the full support of the intelligence services , can succeed in the Pakistani heartland .
For these reasons , Syria could well become a potential target for American military adventurism .
Recognizing this possibility , the Syrian regime has made clear its opposition to the American war in Iraq , which has been branded by President Bashir Assad and other senior officials as `` a war of aggression '' .
Assad compared the situations in Lebanon and Iraq , insisting that Iraq could achieve what Lebanon had already accomplished two decades before , namely the forced withdrawal by American and British troops in the face of steadfast , bloody resistance .
Declaring that `` Arab popular resistance '' to the American invasion has spread through the region , Assad referred to the increasing numbers of Arab , including Syrian , `` volunteers '' who have gone to Iraq to fight alongside Saddam 's soldiers .
The Arabs , Assad said , would resist American efforts `` to rearrange the region as it sees fit '' in order to control its oil wealth and accommodate Israeli interests .
Recently , the 90-year-old Grand Mufti of Syria , Sheik Ahmad Kiftaro , called on Muslims worldwide to carry out `` martyr operations '' against American interests , a call that could not have been made without advance government approval .
This said , however , there is also an unpublicized aspect of Syrian-American relations to consider .
There are even indications of some Syrian intelligence-sharing with the Americans regarding Iraqi military readiness in the weeks preceding the attacks .
It is even possible that the regime 's loud anti-American stance might be meant to hide some secret arrangement with the Americans , especially regarding the Kurds and Iraqi opposition members living in Syria .
Nonetheless , if the Americans win in Iraq -- which they must in order to maintain their global credibility as a superpower -- their relations with their new Syrian neighbors will not be easy .
Moreover , the Syrian view of the Arab-Israeli dispute can not be glossed over , because Syrian agreement is necessary for any peaceful settlement .
On the other hand , with Americans controlling Iraq , Syria will find itself surrounded by three unfriendly -LRB- if not outright hostile -RRB- and allied neighbors : the Americans in the East , and the Turks and Israelis in the north and south , both of which occupy Syrian territories .
But are the Americans willing to see it ?
The American-led invasion of Iraq was supposed to begin a process of transformation across the Middle East .
Even so , this development is still significant by Syrian standards , as independent initiatives are traditionally frowned upon .
Of real significance here is the press service , All4Syria -LRB- www.all4syria.org -RRB- , created by the Syrian engineer Ayman Abdul Nour .
But the Project seems to represent the type of activity that can help produce visions for change .
We can deliver no judgment at this stage as to where things might be heading .
Advocates of dialogue with the Iranians and their Syrian allies , like former United States Secretary of State James Baker , labor under the delusion that they can actually reach an understanding that can enable a graceful US exit from Iraq and help stabilize that wounded country .
The delusion is based on two false assumptions : that the Iranians and the Syrians can succeed in Iraq where the US has failed , and that the international community can afford to pay the price of ensuring their cooperation .
But the idea that these activities can be halted at will is naïve .
Assad wants nothing more than to see this affair forgotten -- and the proponents of dialogue think that they can give him what he wants in the hope of breaking Syria 's alliance with Iran .
Assad can not turn his back on all of this .
UNICEF is working around the clock to restore a sense of normalcy for Gaza 's youth -- developing remedial worksheets to help children keep up with their studies ; creating sports and recreation programs in schools ; and working with communities to establish play areas where kids can be kids in safety .
But , while UNICEF is doing all it can to comfort those in the midst of Gaza 's madness , only political leaders can bring the dreadful nightmare to an end . It is time for new engagement . The siege must be lifted .
NEW YORK -- The Greek debt crisis has prompted questions about whether the euro can survive without a nearly unimaginable centralization of fiscal policy .
Similarly , private borrowers can go to prison if they misrepresent their financial condition to secure bank loans .
When private borrowers default , bankruptcy courts supervise a bankruptcy or reorganization process through which even unsecured creditors can hope to recover something .
Worse , the debt that states raise abroad is usually denominated in a currency whose value they can not control .
And , because much of the risk is borne by banks -LRB- rather than by , say , hedge funds -RRB- , which play a central role in lubricating the payments system , a sovereign-debt crisis can cause widespread harm .
Europe 's Second Chance in the Balkans Confronting the disintegration of Yugoslavia in 1991 , former EU Council President Jacques Poos made his famous but now derided statement : `` This is the hour of Europe ... not the hour of the Americans . ''
While the US has a major stake in the outcome , EU countries obviously have the most significant interests in the region , and perhaps this time they will assume a corresponding leadership role .
Some European countries apparently believe that they can maintain an EU consensus in support of Ahtisaari 's plan but allow Russian foot-dragging on the grounds that delay is not unreasonable and something better may turn up with additional negotiations .
Realizing Ahtisaari 's proposal will depend on EU solidarity and persistence , coupled with strong American support , to manage the vicissitudes of UN debate , lobby skeptical non-permanent Security Council members , such as Indonesia and South Africa , and persuade Russia to abstain rather than exercise its veto .
Unlike the fracas over an American missile shield in Europe , this conflict shows no signs of blowing over , and threatens to damage further the rocky relationship between Russia and the West .
Russia will certainly continue its diplomatic efforts to persuade the world that negotiations are the only way to solve the problem , and that it can not be solved outside the UN .
While the US and the EU do not want to worsen relations with Russia , they can not retreat in the face of Russian obduracy ; security in Europe is at stake .
Hamas has declared that it will not nominate its own candidate for the PA presidency .
Although Hamas is boycotting the election , many Hamas sympathizers will vote for the candidate most committed to defending the Palestinians ' core demands .
Here Hamas members are simply reiterating Arafat 's views , which will continue to limit the concessions any new leader can make .
Or , in the words of Abba Eban , it may be yet another opportunity to miss an opportunity . How the Palestinians respond depends largely on how the Palestinian body politic deals with the growing power of Palestinian Islamic movements , which undoubtedly expect a significant share of power in post-withdrawal Gaza . Will armed groups resume their fight against Israel , or will the Palestinian Authority act to defuse or combat the attacks ?
But can he translate this achievement into an extended ceasefire , peaceful elections , and consolidated PA rule in Gaza and the northern West Bank ? Failure to do so will lead to yet another defeat for the legitimate Palestinian aim of attaining a viable state .
The diffculty of the task ahead can hardly be overstated .
The first is a new missile named Sajil , which has a range of 15 kilometers and can reach more Israeli towns and cities .
Similarly , Mohamed Deif , the leader of Hamas 's military wing , asserted on a recent videotape that the lesson of Gaza is that Israel can be forced out of the West Bank , Jerusalem , and Haifa .
These are not problems that can await resolution . Someone must decide soon , for example , about the division of the land and the apartments to be built in what is already known as `` Khalifa bin Zaid City , '' located on a former Israeli settlement in the Gaza Strip .
No matter what happens the day after Israel 's final Gaza disengagement , one can not escape the fact that Hamas 's military options have diminished greatly .
Hamas won 76 of 132 seats in the Palestinian Legislative Council , and can count on support from four independent deputies .
Whether Hamas can actually be transformed into a more moderate organization is impossible to say right now .
With the Palestinians ' future at stake -- not to mention the future of Israel and the Middle East -- no one can say if Hamas is up to the task .
But Fatah has not accepted defeat , while Hamas is convinced that elements within Fatah agree with Israeli and American plans to topple the Hamas government .
There is also an American proposal to allow the Badr Brigade -- a wing of the Palestine Liberation Army that is currently stationed in Jordan -- to relocate to the Palestinian territories as Abbas 's rapid reaction force in Gaza in anticipation of a feared civil war .
Israel can help Abbas by releasing senior Fatah leader Marwan Barghouti , who is currently serving five life sentences in an Israeli prison .
If Hamas can establish order inside Gaza , prevent violence against Israel , and stop missile attacks against Israeli towns and villages , it might avoid Israeli military intervention .
A house divided against itself can not stand , said Abraham Lincoln .
The fighting cost Hamas two of its top leaders , Saeed Siyam and Nizar Rayan , and significantly weakened its military capabilities . Only recently have these been rebuilt .
The Arab position is that no proximity talks can be held until Israel freezes its settlement activity in the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
But there is a growing sense that the waiting game can not last much longer . Whatever comes next will most likely come soon .
But these difficult talks face significant challenges from outside the negotiating room , particularly from Hamas , which is intent on ensuring that nothing happens without its approval .
But this can only happen with considerable investment .
Recent successes in Brazil against AIDS , in Mozambique against malaria , and in China against TB , show what can be achieved on a global scale with more resources .
Looking at recent history , one can identify four factors that will continue to drive oil prices higher unless a major earthquake brings the market to its knees .
Of course , prices can not continue to rise indefinitely -- the price increase will ration demand .
They intend to export oil embedded in other products , such as petrochemicals , plastic , aluminum , etc. . And they can build such plants in faster than the oil-consuming countries can establish alternatives to oil imports , exacerbating future shortages .
It can also provide an opportunity for Europeans to demonstrate again to the US their willingness to invest in self-defense capabilities , and to play an active role in a process that , until now , has been conducted largely over their heads , by the US and Russia .
Clearly , these things can be useful and important .
If that happens , we can move forward to create a missile-defense system that not only defends the Euro-Atlantic community , but that also brings it together .
We are not quite there , but we are getting there . Missile defense can be part of that positive trend .
The war in Afghanistan , which was truly revolutionary in the way it was conducted , proves how new information and communication technology can bring about success with a minimal number of men on the ground and minimal losses .
Data concerning patents documents America 's advantage : in the late 1990s 56 % of all global patents in high-tech fields was granted to US applicants , only 11 % to EU applicants .
This can no longer continue - at least not if the EU is serious about playing a leading role in the world .
Argentina 's economy opened up significantly in recent years , notwithstanding a strong exchange rate , which made exporting difficult .
Little wonder , then , that Argentina 's current crisis is so harsh : the portion of its economy that can generate the export revenues necessary to repay foreign debt is too small .
The more open an economy is , the more easily it can avoid this trap .
Policy can help open it up .
In short , regulation tends to distort incentives , stimulating what economists call rent-seeking behavior : the taxi driver and the license official collect unearned premiums -LRB- rents -RRB- solely because they can exploit their position as insiders , not because they are more productive .
Generating sufficient political support to enact reforms that can survive the opposition of vested interests requires attempting to deregulate the entire economy simultaneously , not select industries , one by one .
Even taking a generous view , the best that can be said is that the system is neutral insofar as redistribution is concerned , because the wealthiest pay more taxes and use more university services .
The best American universities operate their hiring processes internally , relying on outsiders only for expert opinions on the quality of a candidate professor 's research .
Moreover , if salaries are low , how can university deans stop their faculty members from scouring the country to do lucrative consulting ?
Also , the private nature of contracts between an American university and its professors creates healthy competition for talent and a flexible and efficient market for scientists .
Given these conditions , it should surprise no one that American universities nowadays are increasingly staffed by many of Europe 's best scholars .
Fertility rates among immigrants are typically higher than in native European or North American families .
The saving rates among Europe 's old people indicate that they are worried about the dwindling number of workers who can be taxed to support them .
War and its huge cost ; the falling dollar ; mounting trade and budget deficits ; the chicanery that hollowed out companies like Enron and WorldCom ; the bursting of the high-tech bubble : capitalism American-style is both under strain and under a cloud .
Strong on rhetoric and fueled by a wave of anti-Americanism , that search is nonetheless thin on facts .
But it is facile to jump from individual corporate scandals to broad conclusions about the supposed rottenness of the American economy .
Two candidates stand out : attitudes toward work and corporate governance .
If Europe wants to work less , it must be extraordinarily productive when it does work if it is to keep up with the hard-working Americans .
The profoundly different values that America and Europe hold can best be viewed by examining how each perceives poverty , inequality , and the welfare state .
According to the World Value Survey , a respected attitudinal study conducted in about 40 countries , 60 % of Americans believe that the poor are `` lazy , '' a view shared by only 26 % of Europeans .
Nearly the exact opposite proportions -LRB- 60 % of Europeans and 29 % of Americans -RRB- believe that the poor are trapped in poverty .
Similarly , evidence drawn from surveys about well being indicates that Americans are much less bothered by inequality than Europeans .
In fact , even the American poor do not mind inequality , which they see as a social ladder that they can climb .
One explanation is that America is a more mobile society where the poor are not trapped and can seemingly get out of poverty if they really try .
If the poor remain poor , Americans conclude , it must be because they are lazy .
The European poor do not have such mobility and thus lack the supposed chance that poor Americans possess .
Indeed , outside of universities , it scarcely ruffled American life .
Indeed , even controlling for income , whites are much less receptive to redistributive policies than non-white Americans , precisely because they perceive them as favoring racial minorities .
For now , Americans and Continental West Europeans remain very different in their basic attitudes concerning poverty , inequality , and the welfare state .
The proposed reforms may cost US taxpayers more than President Bush 's massive tax cut of 2001 , and one that implies a very significant redistribution from America 's young to its old .
Being richer , they can provide more financial support to parties and politicians who will defend their interests than the young , who might want to push for pension reform .
Officials can take two obvious steps to avoid it altogether .
Of course , it is easy to understand why this does not happen : when redistribution is transparent , those who pay for it can complain .
In the meantime , one can only suggest to our grandparents that they compensate their grandchildren by leaving them generous private bequests along with high tax burdens .
Obviously the European Commission can play a positive role only if it embraces a stance in favor of liberalizing markets and does not fall into the trap of focusing on coordinating national regulation throughout the Union .
Last year 's Vivendi and this year 's Parmalat scandals have seen to that .
American prosecutors in the Enron case have made important progress lately , with some important crooks , like Andrew Fastow , offering both guilty pleas and a willingness to testify against their former colleagues .
Sadly , nowadays , things as disparate as highly paid executives , the Enron and Parmalat scandals , contested mergers and acquisitions , stock market volatility , `` junk bonds , '' and asset-price bubbles are all lumped together under the snide heading `` cowboy capitalism . ''
In many developing countries , weak regulators and a widespread perception of corruption often stand in the way of pro-market reforms ; the left -LRB- populist or otherwise -RRB- can credibly argue that capitalism is `` corrupt '' and so must be taken under the wing of the government .
If capitalists are corrupt , how can you convince a poor peasant to believe in the market economy ?
The Parmalat scandal may have been a blow to global capitalism , but in Italy it is hoped that it might sound the death knell for an economic system traditionally based much more on `` connections '' amongst private groups - and between these groups and the public sector - than on competitive markets .
However , excessive zeal and pursuit of cases with dubious economic justification , as has sometimes happened in merger cases , can do serious damage .
Punishing this airline will only reduce competition in the airline industry , an outcome that , Mario Monti , the EU competition commissioner , and Loyola de Palacio , the EU transport commissioner , can not possibly want .
So how can the Commission distinguish between cases ?
Only in exceptional cases can this presumption be overturned .
Brussels can not force a member country to privatize : it can only force it to run a state-owned company as if it were a private corporation .
Outside of China , Cuba , and North Korea communism is popular only in West European cafés and a few American college campuses .
Germany is reunited and much of the Third World is growing faster than the First World , with computer software built in Bangalore and American graduate programs , including business schools , receiving thousands of application from smart Chinese students .
The IMF Managing Director is a post reserved for a West European ; the Americans have the World Bank .
What about Latin American success stories like Chile and perhaps Mexico or Brazil ?
The over-representation of Western Europe and the under-representation of growing developing countries can not last .
Consider this : according to the World Value Survey , whereas 60 % of Americans believe that the poor are `` lazy , '' only 26 % of Europeans hold this belief .
It seems easier for white middle class Americans to consider the poor less worthy of government support if they think of them as different .
To put it crudely , but candidly , indifference comes easy if the poor are assumed to be mostly `` black . ''
The few American cities that introduced this system in the Progressive era , between 1910 and 1930 , soon abandoned it - or were forced to - in order to stop the election of black representatives .
Not to worry : the European welfare state will remain more generous than the stingy American one , but it may become more manageable and less intrusive .
But New York and Los Angeles , the two most ethnically diverse cities in the US , are also America 's leaders in business and in the arts . Nothing comes easy in this world : if the Union can not manage a multicultural society in Europe , then it ought to prepare itself for permanent stagnation .
Although some Americans always like to boast about their superior work ethic , this disparity in working hours between the US and Europe has not always existed .
From the mid-1970 's on , however , Americans continued working more or less the same number of hours , while Western Europeans began working less and less each year .
But knowing `` how '' Europeans work less is one thing ; knowing `` why '' Europeans work less than Americans is another .
One view is that Americans are perceived -LRB- and like to see themselves -RRB- as Calvinist workaholics , whereas Europeans like to think that they know how to enjoy life 's pleasures .
As a European working in the US , I admit that I do take many more vacations than my American colleagues .
A second argument attributes the difference to income taxes , which , in fact , have increased significantly in Europe since the 1970 's , while in the US income taxes fell from the early 1980 's onward .
But I can not -LRB- and do not -RRB- then complain if my income does not grow faster and faster .
Inequality can be accepted , but not if it is the fruit of corruption , and this remains China 's foremost social problem , which the Party has been unable to eradicate , despite Caijng 's exposés and the death penalty .
The point is that questions such as , `` Are we creating too much inequality ? '' can not even be asked in China .
This is why China can not shelve the problem of its transition to democracy .
Consider Italy , where Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi replaced Mario Monti , the Commission 's most successful and effective member , with a politician enmeshed in the arcane games of Italian party politics .
Berlusconi 's interest is clear : he wants someone he can call and ask to look after Italy 's interests - be it a forbidden government loan to Alitalia or some other favor .
Maybe they did , and maybe they did n't : one can not know , especially at a time when Italy may need the full support of Chirac and Shröder as it tries to bail out Alitalia .
This `` adjustment fatigue , '' a term coined to describe the experience of Latin American countries to economic liberalization in the 1990 's , is now coupled with the feeling that the EU is not such a great bargain after all .
The only donors that directed their aid reasonably well are the Scandinavian countries , whose aid giving is the highest in per capita terms but small as a percentage of the total .
Thirty years of macroeconomic upheaval in Latin America can be boiled down to a simple lesson : governments throughout the region are too large compared with their ability to raise revenue through normal types of taxation .
Raising `` normal '' tax revenue remains an unrealistic option in most Latin American countries . What prevents normal taxation is lax tax enforcement , due to corrupt public administrations and a bourgeoisie with a well-developed culture of tax evasion .
The real issue in Brazil today is not whether a 3.8 % primary surplus is sufficient to keep the debt stable , but whether the economy can survive its burden of distortionary taxes .
We plan to store this column carefully . Sadly , we will be able to use it again , with no change , at the next round of Latin American crises .
Within a period of just a few weeks , the European Court of Justice -LRB- to which private parties can appeal decisions made by the Commission -RRB- voided three of Monti 's decisions rejecting proposed corporate mergers .
We are confident that Monti 's office could answer the Court 's criticisms and that reasonable people can disagree on the subtleties of whether these mergers threaten competition enough to be rejected .
The parties involved can appeal to the European Court of Justice , but this takes time and a reversal of the Commission 's decision typically produces no more than a moral victory to one of the parties . The time of the merger may have come and gone , as was the case in the Airtours\/First Choice decision .
Continuing effort by US officials , for example , to focus narrowly on trade in services and agriculture impedes wider agreements by limiting the tradeoffs that can be made among sectors .
It needs to connect better with its own citizens , to renew their support by showing that Europeans working together can foster growth and jobs , fight international crime , and secure a clean environment .
In fact , there is a sense that we can not afford to fail .
In a challenging period for the Union , it needs to show that , when the chips are down , its members can make collective but difficult decisions in the common interest .
I believe that we can settle this most difficult question in an equitable way .
There is a developing consensus that ` representativeness ' and legitimacy can be achieved by including nationals of all member states in the next two Commissions , with a move thereafter to a fixed smaller number based on strictly equal rotation .
In fact , for the first time , a significant watchdog role is being assigned to national parliaments .
Because they know how supposedly `` innocent '' insinuations grow into accusations and that accusations can become discrimination and soon after legislation . It is then that hysteria is set loose .
By doing so they strengthen our democracies in ways that no other people can .
He was not recalled by his government ; Tony Blair 's government did not request his recall ; popular opinion treated the matter as merely another scandal .
It is a shame for all of Europe that many French Jews can not send their children to school without worrying about their security .
One Friday sermon on Palestinian TV told Muslims `` to have no mercy on the Jews , no matter where you are ... kill them ... and those Americans who are like them . ''
Yet people pretend that they can where Israel is concerned .
I can think of few European officials less suitable for a showdown with Saddam Hussein .
When the current UN inspectorate was being put together in 1999 , both Ekéus and Blix were among the candidates being considered to head the new group of inspectors .
But , as the current scandal surrounding the UN 's administration of the Iraq oil for food program demonstrates , and as the world remembers the Rwanda genocide that began ten years ago , respect for the UN should be viewed as something of a superstition , with Secretary General Kofi Annan its false prophet .
Annan can not plead that he faced any risk to his personal safety , whereas Wallenberg in 1944 and 1945 was in constant peril .
Nor can he possibly excuse himself by saying that no warnings were given , or that he lacked resources , or that he did not have the international position to intervene .
Compare this situation to the drama 60 years ago . Then it was American troops and arms that liberated Western Europe from Nazism .
Now it may be European arms in the hands of the Chinese that will be aimed at American troops protecting a democracy with 23 million inhabitants -LRB- in other words , as many people as in all the Nordic countries combined -RRB- .
Over the past ten years , we have held Scandinavian conferences on Taiwan in the parliaments in Copenhagen , Oslo , and Stockholm .
So the question now is what can China do to freeze -- and , if possible , to reverse -- North Korea 's nuclear program .
One result is that China feels nervous about the implications of any expansion of the American-Japanese military partnership .
America 's unilateral announcement has fuelled rumors to the effect that withdrawal must have something to do with the rising tide of anti-Americanism in South Korea , and especially with the country 's reluctance and delay in dispatching an additional 3,600 of its own soldiers to Iraq .
The Bush administration tries to rebut these charges by saying that the plan will not weaken the deterrence capabilities of American forces , for America 's far more powerful air and naval presence in the area will be maintained .
If Washington is serious about these words , it should transform this commitment into a long-term and comprehensive alliance that can survive the current estrangement - and continue even after Korean unification - by making a joint declaration with South Korea 's government at the highest level .
Specific negotiations on withdrawing American troops from Korea or on redeploying them from the DMZ to south of Seoul must be carried out according to these principles .
As an American ally for 51 years , and as East Asia 's third-largest economy , South Korea is entitled to be fully consulted on such decisions .
Despite anti-American sentiments among some South Koreans , a majority of the country 's people wants American forces to remain as a stabilizing force .
Without that prospect , no candidate country would go through the painful process of adopting the tens of thousands of rules and regulations contained in the Acquis Communautaire -LRB- the body of EU law -RRB- .
Turkey is invited to Council meetings , it can participate in various EU programs and in manifestations of the European Common Foreign Policy , and , as a member of NATO , it is a partner in EU-NATO security cooperation .
Finally , like all candidate countries , Turkey also receives financial and technical assistance in support of ongoing reform programs .
This statement is to the credit of the European Commission , and there is not much to be added , except to emphasize that it is up to EU governments to treat Turkey with the fairness that all candidate countries deserve .
More than half a million Africans and two million people globally die each year from TB , the leading infectious cause of death for people with HIV\/AIDS .
One year ago , in Maputo , Mozambique , for example , African health ministers declared TB a `` regional emergency '' and lined up behind a new `` Global Plan to Stop TB , '' which includes specific targets and guidelines for addressing TB\/HIV co-infection .
It also means careful coordination of TB and HIV programs , so that people living with both diseases can receive treatment in the same location .
Finally , significant assistance and investment in research and development from wealthy countries is needed , so that free TB treatment is truly available and accessible to all .
The resurgence of TB has become a grave health emergency , and the world can no longer afford to be lethargic in addressing it .
Will Turkey maintain its vital diplomatic and logistical support for its American ally ?
This may give him room to distance himself somewhat from American policy .
But we do know that at least 30 men armed with AK47 rifles and grenades held India 's business and financial center hostage , targeting both Indians and foreigners , particularly Americans and British .
It has fought off Muslim terrorists in Kashmir , Sikh terrorists in Punjab , Christian terrorists in Nagaland , and Hindu terrorists in Assam and across the country . It understands that you can not blame the whole community for the sins of a few .
For example , economics can explain in this way why consumers buy what they do .
We can not explain this convergence in terms of standard economic arguments , such as changes in relative prices and incomes , because no such changes were sufficiently large .
But we can explain it if we ask how people think about themselves -- that is , if we examine changes in gender norms .
Nothing in standard economic analysis can make sense of such a pay structure -- or of the rituals that are central to military tradition .
But the main attraction is a shooting gallery where patrons can test their skills between courses .
After my return to Washington , I had a dinner with an American politician who had just visited Saint Petersburg .
The palace did n't impress the American .
The American 's excited Russian hosts asked him constantly for his opinion of the palace .
Throughout the tour , the American answered with polite exclamations like `` exquisite '' or `` striking . ''
At last , the American was excited .
Hearings began just the day before Khodorkovsky 's trial opened in another case that is no less significant .
As we can now see , the Social Committee For the Moral Revival of the Fatherland wants to be among the managers .
The Islamic Case for Religious Liberty ANKARA -- Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew of the Orthodox Church recently said on American TV that he feels `` crucified '' in Turkey , upsetting many Turks .
That 's why the late Ottoman bureaucracy and the Ottoman Parliament included a great number of Greeks , Armenians and Jews -- something you never see in republican Turkey .
Hence , throughout the Republican regime , and especially at times of military dominance , it faced official pressure and confiscation of property , as did all other non-Muslim and Muslim religious institutions .
But you can either trap yourself inside history or take lessons from it and move on .
A deputy from the CHP , the staunchly Kemalist People 's Republican Party , Muharrem ?nce , who opposed the reopening of the Halki Seminary became angry . `` Do you know who most wants to open the seminary in this country , '' he loudly asked .
This more liberal approach to non-Muslims can be observed in today 's AKP -LRB- Justice and Development Party -RRB- government , in power since 2002 .
Homeless in Iraq BAGHDAD &#45; &#45; American officials report that the number of sectarian and other killings in Iraq has declined since the onset of the military `` surge . ''
There is no underplaying the significance of the court 's unanimous decision to convict the first Philippine president ever to undergo a criminal trial .
Yet Filipinos themselves simply can not seem to imagine their leaders behind bars .
Rare candid footage of Prime Minister Putin , displayed on government channels , depicted him visiting one of the towns in the region .
The burning summer of 2010 may help Russians to understand that their very existence depends on whether the authorities can provide assistance in times of emergency .
A regime that can not respond to its citizens ' basic needs has no legitimacy at all .
This is true , in part , because scientists can often predict the future consequences of current actions .
For example , we know that someone who smokes two packs of cigarettes a day is likely to have a serious problem with cancer some 40 years later .
Through a rigorous review process , the Academies insist that each report be limited to what science can say about the subject based on evidence and logic , without preempting the decisions that need to be made by others .
Thus , for example , the report on drinking water predicted the frequency of bladder cancers that would eventually occur in a population exposed to levels of five , 10 , or 20 parts per billion of arsenic .
An important audience for each IAC report are the 100 academies of science that belong to the IAP . Each has a special responsibility for disseminating a report 's recommendations throughout its own country , which can considerably enhance the academy 's effectiveness in influencing national policies .
And , now that it has , how can Russians move beyond it , to realize the rights and liberties promised to them in the country 's constitution ?
One can understand why the demand to comply with Article 31 has gained popular support .
There are also other signs of awakening civic engagement , which are particularly evident in Internet discussions , which the Kremlin can not control in the same way that it does other Russian media .
Over the past decade , the electoral system was `` improved '' in such a way that no outcome can lead to a change in the federal government .
EU citizens can secure a clearer understanding of what the Convention should achieve by asking this question : how should governmental functions be divided between the EU and its member nations ?
These can be provided at different levels : local , regional , national , or supranational government , i.e. , the EU .
But they can succeed by displaying comparable wisdom and foresight .
Most significantly , the Bush administration gave Iraq $ 2.3 billion to restore its oil production .
To protect the oil fields and other facilities , the Americans dedicated a massive , overwhelming force of soldiers and private contractors .
Only Saudi Arabia can manage the global output of oil in such a way that will make room for Iraqi oil and keep prices high .
At the same time , the logic of renewed American support for the Iraqi oil industry remains powerful .
The biggest threats to the world 's energy security are not terrorist attacks or embargoes by oil-producing countries -- short-term events that can be dealt with quickly and effectively through various measures , including reliance on strategic petroleum reserves , increases in production , and diversion of oil shipments .
Only long-term , market-oriented , economically viable , and sustainable energy options can ensure economic growth in both producing and consuming countries .
The Endless Iranian Nuclear Crisis Iran will continue to enrich uranium regardless of whether a Republican or a Democrat is America 's president .
While there may be security reasons for any future US administration to oppose even a civilian nuclear program , American policymakers also recognize the strategic impact that nuclear energy will have in stabilizing the Iranian regime .
While they can feed on each other to produce a vicious cycle , their short-term relationship is distinct from their long-term relationship .
OPEC might be correct to blame American policies and speculators for higher prices .
OPEC can regain control in one of two ways : use its `` claimed '' excess capacity to flush out speculators , or use its financial surpluses to overtake them .
Recourse to the latter option means that , even without excess capacity , OPEC can still be in the driver 's seat .
Even oil production in the United States has not matched the increase in oil prices , as rising import costs for tools and equipment -- partly a reflection of the dollar 's weakness and other factors -- have forced project delays and cancellations .
When Americans paid $ 120 per barrel , Europeans paid only about ¤ 76 per barrel .
To be sure , the weaker dollar has forced some American families to spend their vacations in the US instead of Europe .
But , since many Americans use gas-guzzling SUV 's for their vacations , demand for gasoline has remained high .
What due diligence was conducted to ensure that the money it received to fund the prize was not actually stolen from the very Africans whose interests UNESCO claims to champion ?
UNESCO -- not alone among UN entities -- seems more inclined to bend over backwards to avoid taking any action that might offend `` African sensibilities '' on its board .
One European ambassador was quoted as saying that African countries were all in favor of the prize , and they had enough supporters to take it forward .
Would n't it be nice if UNESCO and its executive board -- particularly the board 's African members -- actually stood up for African people ?
Europe 's New Mission in Africa The EU 's military mission to ensure free and fair elections in the Democratic Republic of Congo -LRB- DRC -RRB- has shown what the European Security and Defense Policy -LRB- ESDP -RRB- can achieve in Africa .
Large parts of Africa need support , and Europe can and must lend a hand .
True , many African countries currently suffer from instability , state failure , regional strife , violent internal political competition , and other assorted ills , including , massacres and large-scale brutality , civil war , massive movements of refugees , economic disruption , and environmental damage .
Some African countries are comparatively stable and prosperous , and the Continent possesses a youthful population that will soon top one billion people , abundant mineral reserves , and an inherent dynamism .
At the same time , we in Europe can not afford to dismiss Africa 's troubles as if they had no impact on our own societies .
The EU is by far the largest export market for African goods , and it also offers a home to large communities from almost every African country .
In the early stages of a crisis , European intervention -- through political and financial assistance , diplomatic intervention , and even military action -- can prevent it from erupting into violence .
Moreover , when a crisis is winding down and there are openings for moderating influences , outside intervention can prove instrumental in enforcing peace and bringing warring factions to the negotiating table .
Europe 's policy toward Africa may suffer shortcomings , but at least there is a policy , which is based on supporting African states and regional organizations like the African Union whenever practicable , necessary and , above all , requested .
The ESDP takes into account the larger European policy , and aims to provide assistance in planning , training , and logistical support to missions and forces created by African states or groups of states .
For example , the recent concept of `` European reinforcement of African capabilities in prevention , crisis response and conflict resolution '' -LRB- which is known as ` Recamp ' -RRB- openly calls for African ownership of this process .
Yet our modest ongoing endeavors in Congo ? a police advisory mission known as EUPOL and a defense reform mission called EUSEC ? and in Sudan , where 60 Europeans are providing staff support to the African Union 's AMIS II mission in Darfur , offer grounds for hope .
The EU 's members must above all recognize that Africa 's ills have to be dealt with by Africans .
Today , former colonial powers have evolved significantly , just as have their former colonies .
Its industry and population are growing dynamically , so its energy demands are producing geo-political synergy with Russia and Iran , neither of which can afford to cut the flow of oil and gas without provoking a massive internal crisis .
Even if the AKP can rely on the allegiance of millions of voters and swarms of new members anxious to join the winning side , the secularists are deeply entrenched in Turkey 's institutions , universities , media , and business .
Most Turks do n't want to see their country excluded from the West , but if the EU spurns them while speeding up entry for weaker candidates , Turkey may come to feel sufficiently strong and embittered to strike out on a new geo-political course .
The European Commission is now working on extending the focus of surveillance beyond fiscal policy so that we can identify risks stemming from macroeconomic imbalances or changes in competitiveness and address them before they become entrenched .
When the euro area manages to agree swiftly on a coordinated position , this can be instrumental to finding agreement in the EU as a whole and internationally .
Thanks to an environment favorable to export-oriented firms and , most notably , to wage discipline , Germany began to post significant balance-of-payment surpluses .
No one can deny that structural reforms are currently underway in all eurozone countries that have been struck by the crisis .
Eurozone members facing a loss of competitiveness can no longer afford to skirt difficult but necessary reforms through a monetary `` quick fix '' that shifts the burden onto their trade partners : as always , beggar-thy-neighbor policies reward laxity and penalize virtue .
We have seen how financial engineering in the United States can determine economic growth in every part of the world ; how carbon-dioxide emissions from China end up influencing crop yields and livelihoods in Vietnam , Bangladesh , the Maldives , and beyond ; how an epidemic in Mexico endangers the rhythm of public life in the US ; or how volcanic ash from Iceland affects travel across Europe .
When the Internet became global , its management was turned over to ICANN , the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers , which enlists the voices of individual Internet users in its governance -- a significant departure from intergovernmental multilateralism .
Americans tend to find this expectation of commensurability suffocating , while Europeans find it reassuring and liberating .
We can not establish an effective social contract without an explicit understanding of our responsibilities towards each other -- and of the rights that emerge alongside those responsibilities .
Our expectations of other drivers , which serve to mitigate the theoretical risks of driving , can exist because people adhere to a framework of laws , habits , and conventions about how to operate automobiles .
And , of the 7.6 million cancer deaths every year , 4.8 million occur in the developing world .
In some African countries , fewer than 15 % of cancer patients survive for five years following diagnosis of cervical and breast cancer , diseases that are highly curable elsewhere in the world .
The increase in cancer 's impact on the poor reflects factors such as demographic growth , population aging , the spread of unhealthy lifestyles -LRB- including tobacco use -RRB- , and lack of control of cancer-associated infections .
If no action is taken , the number of cancer deaths in the developing world is forecast to grow to 5.9 million in 2015 and 9.1 million in 2030 .
While cancer deaths in wealthy countries are expected to increase less dramatically , they are nonetheless predicted to rise by a harrowing 40 % over the next 20 years .
But most lack the funds , equipment , and qualified personnel needed to provide basic care for cancer patients .
And these countries certainly do not have the financial resources , facilities , equipment , technology , infrastructure , staff , or training to cope with the long-term demands of cancer care .
The demands of chronic care for a disease like cancer are simply overwhelming .
We know that around one-third of cancers can be prevented .
This figure could be increased markedly if more emphasis were placed on identifying additional environmental and lifestyle-associated factors that increase cancer risks .
In addition , a diagnosis no longer has to be a death sentence , because one-third of cancers can be cured if detected early and treated properly .
The World Health Organization and the International Atomic Energy Agency are working closely together to improve cancer control in developing countries .
Preventive measures such as public-health initiatives to curb smoking can be remarkably effective .
Vaccines against hepatitis B and human papillomaviruses , if made available at affordable prices , could contribute significantly to the prevention of liver and cervical cancers , respectively .
At the International Agency for Research on Cancer , the specialized cancer agency of WHO , further research on the causes of cancer is being conducted , which promises to provide the base of evidence required to alleviate even more of the worldwide cancer burden , .
In order to respond to the growing cancer epidemic , we need nothing less than concerted global action similar to the successful mobilization against HIV\/AIDS .
World leaders should be made aware of the scale of the cancer crisis facing developing countries .
We need systematic action at the highest level to end the deadly disparity in cancer survival rates between rich and poor countries , thereby helping to save millions of lives .
The goal must be to promote effective cancer control that is integrated into national health-care systems throughout the developing world .
The United Nations General Assembly 's Summit on Non-Communicable Diseases in September provides an opportunity to focus the world 's attention on cancer in developing countries .
Let us make cancer control one of the good news stories of 2011 .
That question arises with every new American administration .
Lingering anti-American undertones , of course , will invariably surface for , as in any long unbalanced relationship , the junior partner will tend to make declaratory statements that generate misperceptions .
On the American side , the temptation is to overplay its `` sole superpower '' role by acting unilaterally .
National interests can no longer be effectively pursued unilaterally ; US global interests are served best by multilateral action and bodies .
Americans often ask whether it is all about better European capabilities -- which would be fine for NATO -- or about European integration -LRB- i.e. instrumental to a political project -RRB- .
A sober assessment of this process leads me to assert that a more capable and united Europe will usher in a more effective Atlantic Alliance and not , as some believe , in American disengagement from European commitments .
More than defense -- which will remain NATO-centered -- Europe is building up its security role as a regional stabilizer : a role that EU enlargement to include candidate countries in Central and Eastern Europe will strengthen .
A new and functional division of labor between Europeans and Americans is thus conceivable , provided it retains the framework of common political commitments and shared responsibilities .
Scope will also then exist for revitalizing the WTO , for which a strong European-American commitment is a necessary precondition , though not the entire solution .
A renewed Euro-American partnership based on our own respective styles and instruments in foreign policy will benefit both sides .
The list could continue , but we already have reason enough to conclude that getting the best out of the new Treaty will be the best that the EU and its member states can do .
If not , can we fix it , and is a constitution the way to do it ?
How can a European citizen really identify with Europe if no single `` Europe '' exists ?
If the Community does something that affects someone 's rights , he or she can go to court .
But Europe 's institutions are hard to criticize because they produce acts that ordinary people can not name or understand .
In national life , acts of parliaments are called `` statutes '' or `` laws , '' and these usually have names that you can rally for and against .
In the EU we have '' regulations , '' `` directives , '' `` decisions , '' `` general guidelines , '' `` common strategies , '' `` common actions , '' `` common positions '' - a myriad that only experts can comprehend .
By god , we can fight about `` the law Cirami '' !
Because Europe has so many bodies that legislate - the Council of Ministers , the Council for Agriculture , the Council for Industry , the Council for the Environment , etc. - we can not know who is doing what and why .
The draft constitutional document presented last week introduces small but significant changes that may empower Europe 's citizens to both identify with and criticize Europe .
One of them is that more Europe can not mean a centralized system .
Economic wealth can not be created by government decree ; it comes from productive jobs that create goods and services that people value .
State handouts can be reliably financed only by controlling the economy 's productive sectors . But in the Arab world , as everywhere else , this leads to theft , corruption , uncompetitive monopolies , a stifling of enterprise , and , eventually and inevitably , to decline and decay .
Arab countries need to become places where people can create their own productive jobs , pursue their own opportunities , provide for themselves , and determine their own future .
With a smaller debt burden and interest payments , Egypt 's fiscal position would improve significantly , and threats to economic growth would recede .
But Gazprom is worried about its upstream capabilities , as is evident from the decision to divert gas from its Shtokman field to Europe rather than liquify it for new North American markets .
As long as Gazprom remains opaque , Europe can not know whether its key supplier is spending enough to develop future reserves .
Gazprom can not be a partner to Europe if it does not invest in its own infrastructure , yet plays a leading role in stripping Russian private businesses , invests $ 14 billion in non-core assets , such as news media , and is run from the Office of the Presidential Administration .
Simultaneously , through the diversification of supply sources , massive investments in liquified natural gas -LRB- LNG -RRB- , and a strong push in favor of the Nabucco pipeline and inter-connectors between the Mediterranean rim countries , Europe can move closer toward energy security .
No longer . Americans increasingly ask : `` Why bother ? '' and point to the efficacy of NATO .
Others emphasize the pragmatic , pointing out that EU members can achieve far more in foreign\/defense policy by working together than on their own .
A third argument , held by some French Gaullists and many EU left-wingers , says that Europe needs a common foreign and defense policy to resist American hegemony .
An EU committed to its own defense , although not offering the same formal guarantees as NATO , offers candidate countries the prospect of belonging to a genuine security community .
In Europe , however , those challenges are matters of will and political leadership , which can not come from committees .
Because no single EU state can provide the dominant leadership America provided NATO during the Cold War , Britain , France , and Germany must assume this role in Europe .
Moreover , increasing a bank 's leverage can be very profitable when returns on investments exceed the cost of funding .
This structure could only have been devised to suck in as many customers as possible with scant regard for long-term consequences .
Any fund manager who claims to have been deluded by the apparently favorable risk-yield characteristics of CMOs or related credit instruments can be accused of having fallen for Milton Friedman 's `` free lunch . ''
This is why the global problem today is many times greater than the Savings & Loan crisis of the 1980 's and 1990 's , which cost American taxpayers an estimated $ 150 billion to clean up .
Today , the global integration of financial markets means that problems can pop up anywhere , at any time .
Clearly , Chinese factories can no longer offer dirt-cheap prices .
In decades to come , China can no longer sustain the cost advantages that defined its initial period of export success .
Industrial clusters have been established in many parts of the country , where business connections can compensate for rising costs .
For developing countries , this source of income can be substantial over several decades , and is needed by governments for investment in infrastructure , health care , education , etc. .
It raises questions about the stringencies of the World Bank 's eligibility criteria and allocation models which can prevent support of the most needy .
This underscores the case for a second area of action -- ensuring that developing countries , including least-developed countries , have a greater say in global financial institutions , and strengthening regional bodies such as the African Development Bank .
One year later , the UN and the Economic Community of West African States deployed soldiers as peacekeepers in neighboring Sierra Leone to guarantee a ceasefire in that country 's near-decade-long conflict , instigated by rebels of the Revolutionary United Front .
Without food security , individuals can have no chance of achieving social mobility .
We expect 6-7 billion pesos in savings by the end of this year , which can be used for other high-priority development projects .
Turkey also shows that the supposed clash between democracy and security -- and , indeed , between democracy and Islam -- can be reconciled .
With luck , this model can be exported throughout the Muslim world .
Nevertheless , government officials admit , off the record , that the impact of an expected US recession will not be insignificant , because Brazil is not fully protected from external events .
In fact , although America 's trade significance has diminished , accounting for only 16 % of Brazilian exports last year , Brazilian trade and growth typically go hand in hand with the US and Europe ; historically they have never decoupled .
Consequently , although the current crisis is expected to have a relatively minor effect compared to past upheavals , the possibility of contagion from turbulence in the US can not be disregarded .
Beyond that , one can only hope that current external economic disturbances do not lead to a global disaster .
The basis for continued rapid economic development has been established , and there is nothing to suggest the possibility of significant change in inflation targets , in the autonomy of the central bank , or in the floating exchange rate .
Nor is democracy synonymous with strong institutions , and social protection can not substitute for an efficient labor market .
Lula 's eight years in office showed developing countries everywhere that the state can not do everything , while making no less clear to even the most orthodox that the interests of the markets do not always coincide with those of the country .
Let us hope that Rousseff continues to narrow this gap and can give Brazilians the country they deserve .
It will now be up to the UN General Assembly to provide final approval of the Protocol . If adopted , this instrument can make a real difference in the lives of those who are often left to languish at the margins of society , and are denied their economic , social , and cultural rights , such as access to adequate nutrition , health services , housing , and education .
Climate change caused by environmental destruction in one place can cause floods , storms , drought , and famine anyplace , and easy global travel means that diseases travel more quickly .
In short , no nation on this changing , shrinking planet can truly address its own problems in isolation .
That 's why I am pleased that in October , the Inter-American Development Bank and the Copenhagen Consensus Center will host a conference in our capital , San José , inspired by the 2004 Copenhagen Consensus summit .
We can not meet everyone 's demands , or solve all our problems at once .
The panel will produce a prioritized list of solutions that can serve as a set of guidelines for regional policymakers , helping us to be both ambitious and realistic .
The '' Consulta de San José , '' as the event has been dubbed , will produce practical ideas that leaders can implement , and help us to identify and promote cost-efficient initiatives .
They must be built with the knowledge that no fence , wall , or even an ocean or a continent can truly divide us from the problems of others .
The cheated presidential candidates , both veterans of the revolution , instinctively thought of a replay of history .
As Moussavi has readily acknowledged , neither he nor the other presidential candidate , Ahmad Karroubi , feels in charge by now .
Recently , the discovery of mustard gas canisters left behind by Japanese forces during World War II has also served to keep memories of the Imperial Japanese Army 's wartime conduct alive among older Chinese .
Powerful supporters defend him , using any underhanded means they can muster .
LONDON -- `` I am a glory that will not be abandoned by Libya , the Arabs , the United States , and Latin America ... revolution , revolution , let the attack begin , '' said the self-described King of African Kings , Dean of Arab Leaders , and Imam of all Muslims , Colonel Muammar al-Qaddafi .
Another possible scenario is a move by the army , or a significant part of it , against Qaddafi and his sons .
Some view the man considered a mass murderer in the West as an icon , and his death and burial at sea at the hands of American forces will not undermine that perception in the eyes of his sympathizers .
But capturing and trying violent leaders is probably a better marker of the end of such organizations -- the chances of such an outcome being higher when such leaders recant their views and call on their followers to lay down their arms .
By contrast , far from causing the demise of an armed movement , the killing of a charismatic leader at the hands of his enemies can transform such a figure into a martyr .
In all of its decentralized modes of operation , Bin Laden mainly played the role of inspirational guide and iconic figurehead -- a role better played when dead by American guns than alive , hiding from them .
Moreover , Qutb was executed by an Arab Nationalist Muslim leader , whereas Bin Laden was killed by US Navy Seals . That makes a significant difference in the Muslim world .
Imprisonment , followed by recantation of violence , has become almost a trend in several jihadist groups , notably the 20,000-strong Egyptian Islamic Group , factions of the al-Jihad Organization in Egypt , and smaller groups like the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group .
Repressive dictatorships can not win free and fair elections . But they can use extreme violence to consolidate their control over the state , its people , and its institutions .
Libya , of course , can survive the gloomy prospect of post-authoritarian civil war .
Six people were killed -- a reminder of what can happen if violent polarization continues between neighboring towns and villages .
Vendetta politics is not unknown in Libya , and , in an armed society comprising more than 120 tribes -- including around 30 with significant numbers and resources -- it can become extremely dangerous .
Other groups , including the leftist April 6 Youth Movement and the multi-ideological Coalition of the Revolution 's Youth , looked minute and insignificant .
The public trial of Mubarak shows what united demands can achieve .
Unity now can bring justice and freedom later .
The world now waits to see if last year 's impressive domestic demand growth can be sustained , and if China can , in the words of Prime Minister Wen Jiabao , `` give full play to the leading role of ... consumer demand in driving economic growth . ''
But more can be done to speed up the existing reform package , find ways to develop full coverage for catastrophic health events , and develop government-backed financing of tertiary education .
Four independent TV channels have also been taken over by the state , and no criticism of Putin is permitted in significant media .
Regional elections are regularly manipulated , often by disqualifying leading opposition candidates .
Those who can export capital will do so .
A couple of weeks before his arrest , Khodorkovsky told me : `` I do not understand how they can win , given how many mistakes they make . ''
Putin is violating too many rules of politics , and just can not stop .
They ask : `` How can the appointment of governors be a means of fighting terrorism ? ''
This process can destabilize Russia faster than anybody now realizes .
He can probably do so , but will need to undertake a complete U-turn . He must sack his top KGB friends and hapless Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov .
The discredited election results suggested that the country is geographically and ethnically divided , with the democratic opposition candidate Yushchenko winning overwhelmingly in seventeen western and central regions , while Yanukovich dominated in ten eastern and southern regions .
Much of the regional differences can be explained by their degree of democracy and openness rather than ethnicity .
The Yanukovich candidacy was supported by the three dominant business clans with rather few allies , while the business community , and even some billionaires , overwhelmingly supported Yushchenko .
In addition , if Ukraine 's President becomes an international pariah , he can only turn to Russia , as is the case of President Aleksandr Lukashenko in Belarus .
Yet much can still go wrong .
Opposition candidates and parties were denied registration for the slightest formal complaint .
Such a powerful apparatus can not retire to a quiet life in a dacha as Yeltsin did -- it would have to privatize everything first -- which implies that Putin has no choice but to remain in office , regardless of what he says about not seeking a third presidential term .
He will scandalize the summit by seeking to intimidate the former Soviet clients in the room .
Yet , despite this spending shortfall , Putin seems obsessed with making pointless and provocative gestures , such as resuming long-range nuclear bomber flights off the American coast .
They ignore the fact that the NBU can control only the nominal appreciation of the hryvnia .
The great economist Rudi Dornbusch used to say that a financial crisis usually starts much later than anyone expects , but then develops faster than anyone can imagine .
Yushchenko and the NBU can still act , but if they do not do so immediately , a costly and unnecessary financial crisis might ensue .
The initial American financial crisis barely touched Russia , but the global economic slowdown brought about a decline in oil and other commodity prices by more than one-third since July , which was a big blow .
Too many big investors can no longer meet their margin calls , while borrowing costs have risen sharply .
Why continue building when you can neither finance your investment nor sell real estate ?
How long Russia can afford such an expensive prime minister ?
Moreover , while the customs union was proclaimed in 1995 , the earliest it can be formed is in July 2011 , which is unlikely .
A series of World Bank and Russian studies have estimated that Russia can gain 0.5-1 .0 percentage points in economic growth for half a decade if it joins the WTO .
Today , all of these countries are returning to financial health and economic growth without significant disruption .
A choir of prominent American economists , including Paul Krugman , Kenneth Rogoff , and Nouriel Roubini , claimed that Latvia , Estonia , and Lithuania must also devalue .
How can modern Western democracies impose strict fiscal discipline ?
How can accountability be imposed ?
How can unrepresentative vested interests be contained ?
Some European countries can reduce their debt through continuous budget surpluses , as Bulgaria , Finland , Russia , and Sweden have done in the last decade .
Instead , Western leaders need to focus on fixing their state budgets in order to salvage what they can .
Moreover , success here can provide lessons in how to facilitate the daunting process of reform and modernization in the wider Middle East .
For the first time , a country in the region is matching its aspirations with the concrete steps needed to become a viable candidate for eventual membership in Euro-Atlantic institutions .
Clearly , the region 's countries are weaker and further behind previous candidates for Western integration .
As for the EU , the candidacies of Romania and Bulgaria need to be concluded successfully , together with the issue of Turkey 's membership aspirations .
Today , as protests mount and multiply , the government of every Arab state in the Middle East and North Africa probably believes that , if left to its own devices , it can contain internal dissent .
And still some say that Syria can not change .
To the east looms Iran , with its anti-American , anti-Western rhetoric and vast regional ambitions .
Peaceful change in Syria can nonetheless be achieved , and the international community can influence that process by recognizing that its continued focus on the country 's `` complexity '' does nothing for its people .
In particular , the US , which has significant influence in Saudi Arabia , must act to stop attacks by that country 's extremists on Syria 's religious minorities - attacks motivated merely by a desire to provoke sectarian conflict .
With international assistance in developing Syria 's democratic institutions and political infrastructure , we can build a robust civil society that can assert its own identity and sovereignty , independent of undue outside influence .
Others may be unsure about the potential returns from investing in ecosystem services such as forest carbon storage or in renewable energy for the 80 % of Africans who have no access to electricity .
The trillions of dollars that have been mobilized to address current woes , together with the trillions of investors ' dollars waiting in the wings , represent an opportunity that was unthinkable only 12 months ago : the chance to steer a more resource-efficient and intelligent course that can address problems ranging from climate change and natural-resource scarcity to water shortages and biodiversity loss .
Without the decisions taken 20 years ago , atmospheric levels of ozone-depleting substances would have increased ten-fold by 2050 . This could have led to up to 20 million additional cases of skin cancer and 130 million more cases of eye cataracts , not to speak of damage to human immune systems , wildlife , and agriculture .
Over the past two years , it has been established that the Montreal Protocol has also spared humanity a significant level of climate change , because the gases that it prohibits also contribute to global warming .
So the lessons learned from the Montreal Protocol may have wider significance .
But they certainly play a significant role .
While CO2 can remain in the atmosphere for centuries , other pollutants , including black carbon and ozone , remain for relatively periods -- days , weeks , months , or years -- so that reducing or ending emissions promises almost immediate climate benefits .
The international community 's over-arching concern must be to seal a serious and significant deal at the United Nations climate summit in Copenhagen in December to curtail C02 emissions and assist vulnerable countries to adapt .
MEXICO CITY -- The recent killing of Ignacio Coronel Villarreal , a boss of the Sinaloa drug gang , by Mexican special forces is but the latest high profile killing in an increasingly violent campaign . But is a strategy of killing off Mexico 's drug kingpins really viable ?
Paradoxically , the PRI 's loss of its monopoly on political power and the opening of Mexican politics facilitated and accelerated this process .
During the 2010 elections in Tamaulipas , a candidate for governor and another one for mayor were assassinated , presumably by `` organized crime . ''
Other candidates received death threats .
In Chihuahua , candidates for office claimed to have received threats , and some asked for police protection .
At present , versions of the other options can be seen .
Nor is it a response to the present violent deadlock in the Israeli-Palestinian negotiations : some of Osama bin Laden 's terrorist acts against American targets in the mid-1990 's , it should be recalled , occurred at the height of the Israeli-Palestinian honeymoon that followed the Oslo agreements of l993 .
Islam as a religion can be tolerant as well as triumphalist -- as its sister world religion , Christianity , can be .
For people like Bin Laden -- and it appears that it is his version of Islamic fundamentalism which is behind the terror acts in New York and Washington -- even the Saudi monarchy is evil , because it has facilitated American presence in the Middle East .
Syria -- a prime source of state-sponsored terrorism -- is now even considered a candidate for a seat in the Security Council .
But just as there could be no moral neutrality in the war against Nazism and Fascism , so the coalition the Americans are now trying to build will begin to take as a root assumption that , if the war against terrorism is to be serious , tolerance of terror-supporting regimes can not go on .
Only in this way can this war against the world of the Enlightenment , which is the modern world that stretches across all the oceans and , yes , embraces all its faiths , be won .
Moreover , it would continue to send the wrong message to would-be terrorists : you can get away with murder .
With the current much more open regime in Teheran , Riyadh can also be convinced that the dangers from an Iranian-controlled Shi'a entity in southern Iraq are less formidable now than they were in 1991 .
Europeans and Americans , Israelis and Iranians , Egyptians and Turks , Palestinians and Tunisians rubbed shoulders .
To blame everything on the heavy-handedness of the Americans is too simplistic and shallow , even if their mistakes have , indeed , been legion .
Mosul had a Kurdish majority , with significant Assyrian-Christian and Turkoman minorities ; Baghdad was mainly Sunni ; and Basra was predominantly Shi'ite .
Similarly , one can not see the Kurds in the north submitting willingly to a Baghdad-dominated Arab regime , let alone a Shi'ite one -LRB- most Kurds are Sunnis -RRB- .
So what can be done ?
But the same goes for the rest of Iraq : the US is now lamely asking for a UN resolution mandating a transfer of power to a legitimate Iraqi government - but such an authorization is highly unlikely , nor is there anyone in Iraq to whom authority can conceivably be transferred .
The Greek Cypriot community can justly be proud of the way they handled the humanitarian and social problems of the refugees , without at any point surrendering their claims to the lands they lost .
Consider what the Greek Cypriot community has achieved - a thriving economy , no one living under conditions of misery and humiliation in camps , membership in the European Union - compared to the catastrophe the Palestinian choice has brought to their own people . Perhaps on the level of public relations , the Palestinian leadership - sacrificing their own people on the altar of propaganda - can bask in their achievement : yet it is their own people who suffer .
These leaders would do better to look across the Mediterranean at Cyprus and see how - without giving up claims to disputed land - refugees can live in dignity and honor .
Such an assessment requires acknowledging that the election was far from flawless : Hamas and Islamic Jihad boycotted the poll , and Marwan Barghouti , a fellow Fatah member with Abbas and the one candidate who could seriously have challenged him , was ungently persuaded by the movement 's leadership to withdraw his candidacy in order to present a unified front .
For years , Arafat avoided holding elections , as required by the laws of the Palestinian Authority , under the pretense that they can not be held under occupation : but , lo and behold , two months after his demise , an election was held - and with resounding success .
Second , most Palestinians perceived that their ability to go through such a democratic process was itself a significant step in their struggle against Israel .
They must have focused people 's minds on their own stunted political conditions . If the Palestinians , under Israeli occupation , can choose their own leaders , why ca n't the same happen in Cairo or Damascus , in Ryadh or Algiers ?
One can not be certain of such an outcome , of course , but it is now the best that one can realistically hope for .
A far more fundamental question has come into view : can a Palestinian government that draws its authority from an agreement with Israel stay in power when it is led by an organization committed to the destruction of Israel ?
But the current crisis can not be solved by words alone .
The international community can urge the Palestinians toward a decision .
Only a strong Israeli government can make the painful decisions necessary for negotiations with the Palestinians to succeed .
It is even easier to blame the Israeli occupation or American policies .
No one can help them if they can not come up with a coherent , consensual , and reasonably united leadership -- what Abbas himself calls `` one law , one authority , one gun . ''
Looking back at 60 years of American involvement in the region , one can discern two scenarios in which the United States can bring the local players to an agreement .
At such times , resolute American steps can stop the fighting and impose a cease-fire , if not peace .
A few tough messages from President Richard Nixon stopped the Israelis in their tracks and enabled the Americans to start a lengthy process of de-escalation that led to a number of interim agreements .
In all these cases , American involvement was swift and focused on a clear aim , and compliance was verifiable within days , if not hours .
In such cases , America can step in and , by using both carrot and stick , make both sides go the extra mile .
In 1993 , in secret bilateral negotiations in Norway -LRB- unknown to the Americans -RRB- , Israel and the PLO reached an agreement about mutual recognition and the creation of a provisional Palestinian Autonomous Authority .
When either of these two scenarios is lacking , American initiatives are stillborn .
The same dynamic can be seen elsewhere : for all its power , the US has failed to resolve the conflicts in Cyprus , Bosnia , or Kosovo .
Recognizing the limits of US power does n't mean that America is irrelevant : it can stabilize a conflict , help bring about confidence-building measures , and negotiate interim agreements .
With Palestinians unable to agree among themselves on a minimal national consensus , how can peace be established between them and Israel ?
Third , and most significantly , the 1993 Israel-PLO agreement has until now failed to achieve its aim .
Both the Palestinians and Israel can easily and rightly be blamed for the failure of the Oslo process .
There is no precedent anywhere in the world that suggests that such a two-tier process can succeed .
Indeed , the conflict would become , if one can use the expression , more `` normal '' -- no longer between an occupying power and an occupied people , but between two countries , two states , that disagree about a lot of issues , including borders , mutual relations , and control over populations .
Neither violence nor terrorism nor relying on outside powers -LRB- the UN , the Arab League , the Soviet Union , the US , the European Union -RRB- succeeded in delivering statehood , which a people can achieve only by its own agency -- what Zionist ideology calls `` auto-emancipation . ''
With his academic background and immense erudition , he succeeded in painting , on a wide canvass , the new directions of Turkey 's policies under the Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- leadership .
This reality , Davutoglu maintained , means that violence and instability in Turkey 's immediate neighborhood threatens to spill into Turkey itself , and regional external conflicts can easily become internally disruptive .
Since then -LRB- Davutoglu became Foreign Minister in May 2009 -RRB- , much of what Turkey has done can be explained as being in line with this `` zero conflicts '' theory , including a slightly more nuanced policy on the Cyprus issue .
One can well understand a Turkish policy of trying to defuse tensions with Iran over that country 's nuclear program . But the joint Iranian-Brazilian-Turkish initiative goes beyond such a policy .
The same can be said about the shrill tone that Turkey , and Erdogan himself , has recently adopted vis-à-vis Israel .
Since Erdogan is a critic of Israel , Arab rulers can not say this openly . But Arab governments -- and their security services -- are beginning to ask themselves whether Turkey 's policies will undermine whatever internal stability their states possess .
The conflict in Northern Ireland was always territorial : not even the most radical Irish Republican group ever denied the legitimacy of Great Britain -- only its rule over the six northern provinces of what they consider United Ireland . The crux of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict , by contrast , only partly concerns Israel 's borders .
On the Palestinian side , Mahmoud Abbas 's Palestinian Authority lost control in 2006 of the Gaza Strip -- now ruled by an illegitimate Hamas-led government -- and thus can not speak anymore for all Palestinians .
This was the most moderate Israeli government conceivable , and the same can be said about the Fatah movement controlling the Palestinian Authority .
Even a lapsed optimist can see that this time the chances for reconciliation just might be better after all .
Where these conditions exist , a transition to democracy can succeed ; where they are missing , the chances -- as in Russia -- for a successful transition to a consolidated democracy are slim .
In Libya , if Qaddafi falls , can such a highly tribalized country possess the building blocks needed for a functioning democracy ?
Like Christian churches , Islam can also change , and Indonesia and Turkey could well be examples for such a possibility .
Just a couple of years ago , after the European Union slammed the door in Turkey 's face -LRB- despite some significant military and penal reforms by the Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- government -RRB- , Turkey re-oriented its policy away from Europe towards its immediate region .
Erdo?an 's policy re-orientation vis-à-vis Israel can be understood as an attempt not only to overcome traditional Arab suspicion of Turkey , given its imperial past , but also to present a more moderate Islamic alternative to theocratic Iran and its unpredictable president .
After all , the peacekeeping forces in Bosnia can , should they decide to act , arrest Radovan Karadzic and General Ratko Mladic , the leaders of the Bosnian Serbs who have been indicted by the Hague Tribunal .
American and European military and civilian leaders have said repeatedly that there is no purely military solution to ending the war in Afghanistan .
Afghans ' fears and concerns are focused on what legacy will be left behind , and whether the Afghan state can provide security , justice , and good governance , which it has so far been unable to deliver in the face of an insurgency whose strength is not significantly weakened .
If NATO members , Afghanistan 's government and citizens , and , by many accounts , the insurgents , can all agree that there is no military solution to ending the conflict , it is high time to consider and support a comprehensive political process .
Today , however , these countries ' cities must contend with economic and social issues that are more acute , more urgent , and of a vastly larger scale than those that confronted European and American cities in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries .
Mobile telephones can help deliver affordable urban health care by serving as diagnostic tools for taking pictures , and by their usefulness for writing prescriptions and monitoring the condition of patients in low-income areas .
One factor that explains this is the large share of US firms in markets where Americans sell their goods .
Second , even when selling to countries other than the US , Japanese exporters often face stiff American competition .
Euro-zone countries can be considered a single country when dealing with the currency denomination of trade .
Yet national and international case law recognizes that a non-discriminatory measure in theory can be discriminatory in practice .
Moreover , it is significant that the Court agreed , at the request of the parties , to refer the case on appeal to its Grand Chamber .
The IMF can play an important role in this regard , owing to its truly global perspective -- one that encompasses both advanced economies and emerging and developing economies , which are increasingly integrating into the global financial system .
The IMF should also be more proactive and speak with greater candor in systemically important countries , where shortcomings in financial supervision and crisis management have appeared .
It can help shape a more robust global supervisory system which needs to be built in order to preserve the benefits of global financial markets .
Well , most candidate countries have already achieved a high degree of structural convergence with the EU .
Most accession candidates now send more exports to the EU than Greece , Portugal , and Spain did when they entered the EU and EMU .
Annual inflation in most candidate countries has fallen to 4-5 % - not much higher than in many EU countries , and lower than in The Netherlands last year .
As with structural convergence , EU candidates already outperform Spain , Portugal , and Greece at a comparable time before their EMU debut .
The culprit in this pessimistic view is the so-called `` Balassa-Samuelson '' effect : rapid productivity growth in the accession candidates ' tradable sectors - export manufacturing , for example - is pushing up real wages throughout their economies , including in non-tradable sectors like services .
But as empirical research prepared by the CEC5 National Banks estimates , its contribution to total price growth in the candidate countries is 1-2 % .
If all candidate countries join the EU at around the same time , they will together account for a mere 6 % of its total GDP .
Equally , the transition period is already turbulent , with convergence-driven capital flows driving up exchange rates and complicating monetary policy in several candidate countries , including Poland , the Czech Republic , and Hungary .
Some argue that ERM II membership should be viewed as a longer-term proposition - possibly lasting until 2010 - for the benefit of candidates themselves .
This would help keep the candidates ' economic output high and thus sustain real convergence with average EU income levels .
As European Central Bank data shows , average per capita GDP in the accession candidates is 44 % of the eurozone level .
In almost all candidates , further disinflation and long-term economic growth require fiscal consolidation , more flexible labor markets , and completion of privatization .
Success here would allow candidate countries to start reaping the benefits of greater price transparency , reduced transaction costs , and a solid macroeconomic framework .
Although he did not win all his intellectual battles , rarely can it be said with as much certainty that a man was great , and that the work that he has left behind will retain enduring influence .
Reformers can win elections if they are better at public communication than the populists .
To criticize anticorruption campaigns is risky , because words can be twisted to imply indifference .
But we should not be blind to what can happen when political demagogues hijack the anticorruption card .
Those who make this claim seem to have in mind a model of a single state , which possesses two relevant features : limited fiscal sovereignty for regional and local governments and a substantial common budget from which regions hit by asymmetric shocks can receive transfers .
This would require an enhanced level of European identity , something which the Union 's political elites can not generate artificially . But the crucial point is not that a large common budget in the eurozone is politically impossible to achieve , but rather that it would not address the main problem : the weakness of the mechanisms safeguarding fiscal discipline in the member states .
As the ECB 's common monetary policy can not fit the macroeconomic conditions of all the member countries , the eurozone countries need macro-prudential regulations that aim at reducing excessive credit growth .
To be sure , initiatives at the EU and\/or eurozone level can not substitute for stronger mechanisms of discipline in the member states , which are ultimately the responsibility of national politicians and publics .
But no amount of lofty rhetoric can substitute for the reforms outlined here -- or obviate the need for them .
Although researchers are committed to finding new ways to reduce and replace animal testing , current technology can not yet replace many types of animal research .
These noises can alter rodents ' behavior and even adversely affect their health .
Yet , surprisingly , many scientists are unaware that loud noises in their animal facilities can affect research outcomes and compromise their data .
However , rigorous standardization of the environment , particularly if it leads to barren surroundings , increases the risk of obtaining results that , being specific to a narrow set of conditions , can not be compared with other researchers ' results .
If animals are under stress , they can have permanently raised concentrations of stress hormones , reduced concentrations of sex hormones , and compromised immune systems .
Researchers often dismiss questions concerning environmental influences on their experimental data by claiming that such effects `` cancel out , '' because their control animals are housed under the same conditions .
But the conclusions drawn from such experiments are specific to the stressed animals and can not necessarily be extrapolated to healthy animals .
Studies are beginning to show that an animal 's environmental conditions can completely change the results of genetic studies .
The Fusion Myth France is now rushing to construct the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor , -LRB- ITER -RRB- , which is supposed to show that nuclear fusion can be used to power nuclear power stations .
ITER is often presented as the long-term solution to the problem of global warming , because nuclear fusion can provide an infinite and clean source of energy .
They often add that , since fusion burns hydrogen , which can be found in seawater , it is an infinite source of energy .
But its control is still a fundamental challenge for research institutes , not some minor technical difficulty that can be easily overcome .
The supporters of ITER explain that if the walls are porous , the bubbles can escape .
But nothing can be both leak-proof and porous , and ITER is not designed to study this contradiction .
But without a moral foundation , there can be no free-market economy .
It provides further guarantees that decisions will be taken by those closest to citizens , and it acknowledges the significance the values on which the Union rests : respect for human rights and dignity , liberty , democracy , equality , and the rule of law .
How can Europeans be happy that the Iron Curtain is gone if individuals and groups across the Union barricade themselves behind private iron curtains ?
Values must be the road that leads to what can not be reached by markets and institutions alone - the accession of Europe 's citizens to the European Union .
Only by embracing their shared values can Europeans prevent their Union from becoming a spiritless machine .
Together , Europeans must find what connects them , and derive new enthusiasm , new spirit from what they find - a spirit sorely needed to tackle the great issues of today . No country can address these issues along .
The Union has no business interfering in matters that can be dealt with successfully at the local , regional , or national level .
Citizens want powers to be clearly defined and decisions to be taken openly in a way that they can understand .
Outside Brussels , few people can explain the `` pillar '' structure and the distinction between the Union and the Community .
But , because EU decisions often have to be taken unanimously , this can be difficult .
This makes it a good deal for everyone - for people who expect more cooperation and more concrete results from the Union , but also for those concerned about excessive interference by Europe in questions that can be better dealt with by the member states themselves .
The same change in mindset can be seen in other emerging Asian economies .
We can not survive the lifestyle that we desire .
Sunlabob , a private company in Laos , is renting solar lanterns to poor villagers , who find them more affordable than candles .
We can either shrug our shoulders , or we can use the opportunity to revive our old values , rethink how we live , and change that projection .
Whether it is through low-energy housing , planting trees , teaching children to respect the environment , boycotting incandescent lightbulbs , or wrapping gifts in old newspapers , we have the opportunity to lead by example .
The reasons are connected to Premier Ivica Racan 's unwillingness to tackle the centers of power left behind by the regime of the late President Franjo Tudjman , whose nationalist-minded party , the Croatian Democratic Union -LRB- HDZ -RRB- , was voted out of office in January 2001 following Tudjman 's death in December 1999 .
In January 2001 the then new Premier Ivica Racan faced a sharp choice : swiftly purge state bureaucracies of Tudjman 's partisans or yield to the obstructive ploys of HDZ loyalists .
True to Racan 's instinctive indecisiveness , the Prime Minister dallied .
This failure emboldened HDZ loyalists to test the Racan government 's resolve .
Various veterans ' organizations staged mass rallies against the `` treacherous '' government of Mesic and Racan .
These pressures would not have been as damaging had they not met with approval in parts of Racan 's ruling coalition , especially from Drazen Budisa 's Croatian Social Liberal Party -LRB- HSLS -RRB- , and also among influential Catholic bishops .
Instead of turning them over to the tribunal , Racan used the opportunity for a power play , requesting a parliamentary vote of confidence for what was intended to be a soft-pedaling of the Hague Tribunal 's warrants .
Despite this , Racan won his vote of confidence and secured a modicum of stability within his cabinet .
Racan would not have had to deal with the Hague Tribunal had he the courage to begin his own housekeeping and investigations of Tudjman 's cronies and the war criminals the deceased president protected .
Now , Premier Racan is cashing in on his procrastination over Tudjman acolytes , hoping that they will be as generous with him should they return to government .
Whatever the rich ask of the CCP - land leases , low interest loans , violation of labor laws , environmental standards , contracts , and intellectual property - can be considered `` the demands of advanced productive forces . ''
You may doubt socialism , but you can not doubt `` advanced productive forces . ''
The CCP no longer represents workers and peasants , but it can represent the `` majority of the people , '' including `` red '' capitalists .
For one thing they can not change : Zhao Ziyang remains with us , in the Chinese people 's ongoing struggle for rights and democracy .
These issues will not be resolved overnight . But there is much that can be done relatively quickly .
LEU can not be used to make weapons .
This would give countries confidence that they can count on reliable supplies of fuel to run their nuclear power plants , and therefore do not need to develop their own uranium-enrichment or plutonium-reprocessing capability .
The money needed to launch an LEU bank is in place , thanks primarily to a non-governmental organization -- the Nuclear Threat Initiative -- and initial funding from Warren Buffett . But this can only be a first step .
Many Moldovans , indeed , already have Romanian passports so that they can travel and work in the EU .
Together with the EU , the US can help ensure a credible investigation of the post-election violence and complaints against the police .
The US can put weight behind its demands by placing conditions on its financial assistance to Moldova .
More than half of the country 's trade is with the Union , and Moldova receives significant EU financial assistance .
We can be sure that the soft underbellies of both economies will be kept hidden from view .
Similarly , while India 's information technology-enabled services have gained an international reputation , the total number of people employed in this sector is less than 0.5 % of India 's workforce . As such , it can not , by itself , transform the Indian economy .
Indian poverty reduction has been significant , but not substantial .
Although socialist economic policies in both countries inhibited initiative and enterprise , a positive legacy of that period can not be denied .
And , thanks to the large pool of savings generated by Chinese households and state-owned companies , the Chinese economy can for the time being bear the waste and misallocation implied by such crony capitalism .
If Norway is to avoid succumbing to the Dutch disease , there can be only one solution . With the importance of the tradeables sector dwindling away , the nontradeables sector must increase its productivity and output .
There is only one main way that the necessary productivity and outcome gains can be achieved : excess demand in the public sector must be shifted elsewhere .
This strategy should include significant investments in human capital : education , training , and basic scientific research .
But brilliant ideas can not be made to order .
As so often in the rest of the world , windfall wealth such as came to Norway because of its oil and gas , can be a curse as much as it is a blessing .
But here in Bahrain , the situation is different . Opposition parties have been active for almost a decade , and have significant representation in the legislature .
Saudi Arabia , too , can be expected to do everything in its power to prevent the al-Khalifas ' fall . Bahrain is the Kingdom 's most loyal ally in the region , and the Saudis fear that sectarian unrest could spread to the country 's eastern region , where a Shia-minority nurses long-held grievances .
Al-Ahmar has also not benefited from the military aid that the US lavished on Yemen in the wake of al-Qaeda 's failed Christmas Day plot in 2009 to down an American airliner .
Unlike in Egypt , the vacuum resulting from Saleh 's departure can be quickly filled , so the country need not fall back on a military oligarchy .
If Saleh leaves peacefully and represses the urge to unleash the last remaining loyal army units against protesters and defecting soldiers , the country can avert Libya-like mayhem .
Municipal councils in Bayda , Darna , and Tobruk have pledged their support for the TNC , and fighters who battled American forces in Iraq have lined up behind the body 's military leaders .
This warm welcome contrasts with Iraqi distrust of the political exiles who returned on the coattails of the American overthrow of Saddam Hussein 's regime in 2003 .
As such , once the initial euphoria dissipates , Libyans are likely to turn against the TNC if it can not deliver battlefield successes .
To maintain that support , however , opposition leaders must ensure that they can respond to their constituents ' demands .
This may be because mosques and Islamic associations find it difficult to compete with the promises of solace available through the Internet , where voices can address political issues , feed off injustices around the world , and launch calls to arms that can ultimately be murderous .
Thus , one should pay tribute to the resilience of Dutch Muslims as they resist the provocations of the right-wing politician Geert Wilders , who is bent on releasing a film that can only inflame public prejudice against Islam .
They canceled a European summit because of a meeting between French President Nicolas Sarkozy and the Dalai Lama , and regularly imply that Tibetans are terrorists .
The reliability and size of the European Union 's farm output means that it can and should play the role of regulator in global markets .
If Europe cut back on its agricultural production , the increase in its own food imports would contribute significantly to a worldwide increase in food prices .
But Europe can not build up its own agriculture to the detriment of the less fortunate . So the EU must harmonize its policies with poorer countries .
Since 2001 , with the `` Everything but Arms '' initiative , all products from poor countries -- with the exception of weapons and munitions -- can enter the EU single market on a duty-free basis . This has led to the EU becoming the primary market for the poorest countries ' products .
But , in a world where productivity differentials can be as great as one to 1,000 , it would be unwise to rely on markets alone to enable the poorest countries to expand their economies .
How can it be that in the twenty-first century , when we have taken men to the Moon and back , we still can not feed everyone on this planet ?
So biodiversity can act as a natural `` insurance policy '' against sudden environmental changes and a buffer against losses caused by them -LRB- as well as by pests and diseases -RRB- .
Crop diversity can also deliver important ecosystem benefits .
Varieties that are tolerant to drought and flood can not only increase productivity , but also can prevent soil erosion and desertification .
And at the start of a new five-year term at the European Commission , I will continue to do all I can to promote this important issue .
Global pandemics can spread faster ; a lack of secure and sustainable energy could push us into a worldwide recession ; and climate change , beyond its environmental consequences , could have serious geopolitical and social repercussions .
We can only tackle this if we work together .
We all stand to suffer significantly from the effects of climate change , including increased droughts , floods , and other extreme weather conditions .
It has set itself ambitious targets for the future and is taking the lead in seeking a comprehensive global agreement , including a very significant effort on funding .
Climate change also represents a case study of how we can make a virtue out of a necessity , and an opportunity out of a threat .
The development and use of green technologies can be new sources of growth .
It also shows how Europe can meet its objectives at home only with a proactive and global approach .
We can not meet the challenges faced by the EU effectively and successfully without a strong Europe in the world .
Global pandemics can spread faster ; a lack of secure and sustainable energy could push us into a world-wide recession ; and climate change , beyond its environmental consequences , could have serious geopolitical and social repercussions .
Others too can benefit from its experience .
We can only tackle this if we work together .
We all stand to suffer significantly from the effects of climate change including increased droughts , floods and other extreme weather conditions .
It has set itself ambitious targets for the future and is taking the lead in seeking an international comprehensive global agreement , including a very significant effort on funding .
Climate change also represents a case study of how we can make a virtue out of a necessity .
Development and use of green technologies can be new sources of growth .
It also shows how Europe can only meet its objectives at home by a proactive and global approach .
We can not meet the challenges faced by the EU effectively and successfully without a strong Europe in the world . Prosperity and growth , security and stability and the long term sustainability of the EU necessarily pass through the promotion of our interests and values abroad and the engagement with external threats and global challenges .
NEW DELHI -- One positive fallout of the financial crisis of 2007-201 ? is our realization that financial products can be as complex and dangerous as drugs .
What is especially sophisticated about the new ideas cropping up in the US , Europe , India , China and elsewhere is the recognition that , as with drugs and toys , it is impossible to say in advance which financial products we should allow and which we should not , because we can not conceive of all the products that can and will come to market .
Hence , the need for a judgmental body that can look at a new product and form an opinion about its desirability .
Indeed , there is a worrying aspect to the new plans : they must tread a narrow path between reckless freedom for financial institutions , which contributed to the recent global financial crisis , and over-caution , which can suffocate innovation and create inefficiencies .
But such loans can be of great value to sophisticated firms and households that may have good reason to believe that their future earnings will be higher than their current earnings .
It is impossible to anticipate the numerous financial products that human ingenuity can create , and that can be dangerous to use but of great value to some .
You can take such a loan provided that an RFP approves such a contract .
In brief , just as we do not ban steroids because they are dangerous , but require that buyers have a valid prescription , we should institutionalize caution in how financial products can be used -- and by whom .
Such a tendency contributed significantly to the Asian financial crisis of 1997-98 .
To be sure , no economy can realize its full potential only by having entrepreneurial firms .
State-guided economies can continue their rapid growth path , but ultimately they will need to make a transition to a suitable blend of the other two forms of `` good capitalism '' if they want to continue rapid growth .
The False Promise of Global Governance Standards Cambridge -- In the wake of last year 's global financial meltdown , there is now widespread recognition that inadequate investor protection can significantly affect how stock markets and economies develop , as well as how individual firms perform .
Most obviously , assessments of controlled companies should not give significant weight to arrangements governing contests for corporate control .
Similarly , arrangements that make the firm 's board of directors more responsive to the wishes of a majority of shareholders , such as making it easier for shareholders to replace directors , can serve the interests of investors in widely held firms , but are counterproductive for investors in controlled firms .
Stock market listed companies control a big share of almost every country 's resources , so the free flow of corporate money into politics can have a profound impact on politicians ' preferences and choices .
In particular , the influence of corporations on politicians and political outcomes can be expected to weaken the rules that protect shareholders and ensure that companies are well-governed .
To be sure , on many issues the interests of corporate insiders overlap with those of investors , and here insiders can be expected to lobby in directions that are consistent with the interests of shareholders .
But there are also important issues on which the interests of insiders and outside investors can sharply diverge .
Such managers can be expected to use their influence to obtain and maintain rules that weaken the rights of dispersed shareholders and make it difficult for shareholders to replace them .
But the insiders that direct corporate lobbying can be expected to seek to obtain and maintain rules that provide insufficient protection to minority shareholders from such opportunism .
It also can be expected to reduce shareholder value and retard the development of an economy 's corporate sector .
This would have significantly reduced the executives ' incentives to engage in risk-taking .
One proposed approach would reduce the significance of the raters ' opinions .
If ratings are not backed by the force of law , so the argument goes , regulators need not worry about rating quality and can leave the monitoring of raters to the market .
Given past experience , we can not rely on market reputation to ensure that such ratings will be reliable .
But , while such judicial scrutiny may be effective in eliminating some egregious cases , it can not ensure that raters do the right thing when courts are not expected to be able to tell after the fact what the right thing was .
There is thus no substitute for providing raters with incentives to provide as accurate a rating as they can .
This can be done by making raters ' profits depend not on satisfying the issuers that select them , but on performing well for investors .
Insulating executives from losses to stakeholders other than shareholders can be expected to encourage them to make investments and take on obligations that increase the likelihood and severity of losses that exceed the shareholders ' capital .
The common shareholders in financial firms do not have an incentive to induce executives to take into account the losses that risks can impose on preferred shareholders , bondholders , depositors , and taxpayers .
Consequently , governance improvements that make directors more focused on shareholder interests can not be relied on to tie executive payoffs to the interests of shareholders and non-shareholders alike .
Motivating financial executives to focus on the effects of their choices on all those contributing capital to the bank would significantly improve their risk-taking incentives .
CAMBRIDGE -- A recent decision issued by the United States Supreme Court expanded the freedom of corporations to spend money on political campaigns and candidates -- a freedom enjoyed by corporations in other countries around the world .
Consequently , such decisions can be made without input from ordinary shareholders or independent directors , and without detailed disclosure -- all safeguards that corporate law establishes for other managerial decisions , such as those concerning executive compensation or related-party transactions .
The interests of directors , executives , and dominant shareholders with respect to such decisions may often diverge significantly from those of public investors .
Clearly , however , such processes can have little effect if political spending is not transparent to public investors .
Following the adoption of this legislation , political spending remained significant but fell somewhat below previous levels .
This problem can be addressed by permitting shareholders to adopt at the annual meeting binding resolutions concerning corporate political spending .
Many people have inferred from this sequence of events that US banks -- which are critical to both the American and world economies -- are now out of trouble .
Although accounting rules often permit banks to price these assets at face value , it is generally believed that the fundamental value of many toxic assets has fallen significantly below face value .
Instead , supervisors estimated only losses that banks can be expected to incur on loans -LRB- and other assets -RRB- that will come to maturity by the end of 2010 . They chose to ignore any losses that banks will suffer on loans that will mature after 2010 .
As long as banks are permitted to operate this way , the banks ' supervisors are betting on the banks ' ability to earn their way out of their current problems -- even if the value of their assets does n't now significantly exceed their liabilities .
But does n't the banks ' ability to raise new equity capital indicate that , regardless of whether the stress tests are reliable , investors believe that their assets ' value does significantly exceed their liabilities ?
Regulators could encourage each bank to sell part of its toxic portfolio and extrapolate the portfolio 's value from the price obtained in such a sale , or they could attempt to estimate the portfolio 's value as well as they can on their own .
The kind of stress tests that the US conducted , and that other countries are being urged to emulate -- and the ability of banks to raise additional equity capital -- can not provide a basis for such a conclusion .
And as traditional regulation of business decisions is bound to be imperfect , regulating compensation structures can be a useful additional tool to control the risks posed by financial firms ' behavior .
If choices of compensation structures can be expected to affect financial firms ' stability , regulating these choices can also be useful for protecting this stability .
But pay regulation can improve matters without micro-management by setting general standards from which firms may not deviate but that still leave them with significant freedom to account for the individual circumstances of managers .
While individual investors can not be expected to invest in lobbying for stronger investor protection , it might be hoped that institutional investors -- mutual funds , banks , insurance companies , and so forth -- will do so .
In contrast to corporate insiders , institutional investors can not charge the costs of lobbying to the publicly traded companies whose investor protection is at stake .
However , some events -- such as a wave of corporate scandals or a stock market crash -- can interrupt the ordinary pro-insider operations of interest-group politics by leading ordinary citizens to pay attention corporate governance failures .
When citizens become so outraged that their voting decisions may be affected by politicians ' failure to improve investor protection , public demand for governance reform can overcome the power of vested interests .
In the US , for example , new securities laws were passed following the stock market crash of 1929 , and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act was adopted in 2002 , in the immediate aftermath of the collapse of the Internet bubble and the Enron and WorldCom scandals .
Taming the Stock Option Game CAMBRIDGE -- Executive compensation is now a central concern of company boards and government regulators . There is an aspect to this debate , however , that deserves greater scrutiny : the freedom of executives to pick the moment when they can cash out on their equity-based incentives .
Rather , the payoff should be based on the average stock price over a significant period of time .
The government might also have been motivated by concerns that losses to the derivative counterparties would deplete the capital of some significant financial institutions at a difficult time .
The world can never run out of any mineral resources .
Local climate change can , of course , exacerbate the situation , but given the scope for world trade and the existence of surpluses in many food producing areas , democratic governments can deal with the consequences .
True , international action can help to deal with the twin problems of poverty and environmental degradation .
International action can also help deal with global environmental problems .
If the situation continues until the end of the year , which can not be ruled out , many more countries could experience serious banking crises .
But no open economy can resist a complete shutdown of the lending markets .
Several governments have declared that taxpayer money can not go into operations abroad .
But at this point there are severe limits to what they can do .
The Georgia package is not a done deal , and circumstances elsewhere are different , but it shows that standard instruments can go a long way .
The case of Hungary shows that the EU can tweak an existing instrument -- balance-of-payment support -- and use it creatively .
But heroic rescue efforts will not be able to help the government forever , so it is worth asking what can provide long-term political legitimacy .
Such concrete proposals for political reform inspired by Confucian values can rarely be published in mainland China .
The current Israeli-Palestinian peace talks and the American veto on negotiations with Syria indicate that we have returned to the `` Palestine first '' concept .
With the Americans still refraining from engaging in a Clinton-like level of committed mediation , the parties look to be incapable of meeting each other 's minimal requirements for a settlement .
Recovering the Golan , gaining recognition of Syria 's special interests in Lebanon , and reconciling with America are thus vital objectives for the regime and the best way that Bashar al-Assad can boost his legitimacy at home .
Syria 's readmission into the Arab consensus and financial support from the Gulf monarchies for abandoning the Shi'a alliance with Iran and Hezbollah would also be significant gains .
But a Damascene conversion can only be the outcome of negotiations , not a prerequisite for them .
Perhaps Sadat might have opted to secure the American alliance without making peace with Israel if he had been able to do so . But he could not , and he knew it .
Indeed , in 1974 , when General Gamasy , the architect of the 1973 war , questioned Sadat 's flexibility in the disengagement talks with Israel , Egypt 's president calmed him down by saying , `` Do n't forget , General , we are talking here about peace with the Americans ! ''
One lesson of Sadat 's initiative is that in protracted conflicts where deep emotions and historical hatreds are involved , when almost every conceivable diplomatic formula has been tried and failed , the shock of a visionary , generous , and imaginative step can open new paths .
Though only a miniature version of America 's imperial predicament , Britain 's current policy , as its new prime minister , Gordon Brown , is defining it , may anticipate the direction taken by the next American president .
Like America , Britain has learned the hard way the limits of what sheer military power can achieve , and also the devastating implications of its misuse for its reputation in the Muslim world and beyond .
Post-Blair Britain is becoming a country for which wars that lack international legitimacy can only presage defeat and moral decay .
Of course , international legitimacy can be a vacuous concept when not backed by the capacity to use effective force .
May the next American president pursue this course .
A transition to democracy in the old revolutionary Arab regimes will not correspond to a Western model , nor can it be imposed by American F-16 's .
MADRID -- The first International Forum of the Alliance of Civilizations , conceived as an antidote to the idea that the world is doomed to a `` clash of civilizations , '' recently met in Madrid and revealed that there is more than a grain of truth in Robert Kagan 's idea that Americans are from Mars and Europeans from Venus .
However vague , the alliance of civilizations idea certainly can not do more harm than war against Islamic extremism .
Ending the American occupation in Iraq and imposing an Arab-Israeli peace would help , but they are no panacea .
The `` surge '' will end sooner or later , and the Iraqis , crippled by violence and corruption , will still be incapable of uniting their polity , and , with their military still unable to take over from the Americans , jihadi and inter-ethnic violence is bound to erupt again .
As Iraqi Colonel Omar Ali , the Iraqi battalion commander in Mosul , the main focus of the insurgency today , recently put it , `` Without the Americans , it would be impossible for us to control Iraq . ''
A clear case of imperial overstretch , the war strained America 's military , undermined the America 's moral standing worldwide and its reputation in the Middle East , severely threatened its economy , and showed to both friends and foes the limits of American power .
America 's destruction of Iraq as a regional power handed hegemony in the Persian Gulf -- whose centrality to Western interests can not be overstated -- to Iran 's Shia Islamist regime on a silver platter .
On the rubble of Saddam Hussein 's dictatorship , the Americans helped create in Iraq the first Shia-dominated Arab state , which may well become subservient to Iran 's regional ambitions -- a calamity of historic dimensions for America 's Sunni allies .
President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad 's recent state visit to Iraq conveyed to the Americans an unequivocal message : the prospects of the United States ever reaching a modicum of stability in Iraq have become dependent on Iran-aligned forces .
The Iranians now see themselves as immune from an American attack on their nuclear installations , for America 's troubles in Iraq and the growing opposition to the war in the US are a signal to them that America 's strategy of pre-emptive wars has failed .
After all , Iran was quick to recognize that free elections are the safest way to undermine the Middle East 's pro-American regimes .
All are united in their rejection of a Pax Americana in the Middle East , and all have so far shown remarkable resilience in ignoring America 's pre-conditions for a dialogue .
What is news is that American power might also be losing its ability to intimidate them .
The two major formative experiences of Syria 's Ba'ath regime have been Hafez al-Assad 's loss of the Golan Heights in the 1967 war with Israel , and the loss of Lebanon by his son , Bashar , who was forced to withdraw his army under irresistible American-led international pressure .
Rather , it is the prerequisite without which superior goals -- rapprochement with the United States , legitimization of Syria 's special status in Lebanon , and avoidance of a potentially devastating war with Israel if the Golan Heights are not recovered by peaceful means -- can not be attained .
And Iran , in its drive to protect its nuclear program from an Israeli-American attack , might be very active in supporting this ominous scenario .
For the Syrians , the major objective in concluding peace with Israel is rapprochement with the US , but they will balk at the Americans ' demand that they stop flirting with terrorism as a precondition for talks .
Israel 's shift in policy towards Syria , and that of French President Nicolas Sarkozy , was a powerful message to the Americans that they should not miss the Lebanese train as well .
But America 's dwindling leverage can not match the influence of the region 's `` axis of evil . ''
Tactical moves , however , can always develop into strategic shifts .
Bush 's Road Map to Failure in the Middle East Six long years of failed Middle East policies have finally brought President George W. Bush to recognize that the alliance of moderates in the region that he covets can only be forged through an Arab-Israeli peace .
Indeed , only by effectively addressing the Israeli-Arab dispute can he possibly salvage America 's standing in the region .
This , and the indirect negotiations with Israel that are now underway in Turkey -- which Assad knows can not produce major results , given Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's political weakness and Bush 's lame-duck status -- have helped to open for Syria the gates of Europe , where he had also once been a pariah .
The participation of Under Secretary of State William Burns in the European dialogue with Iran , together with plans to station American diplomats in Teheran for the first time since the 1979 Islamic Revolution , represents a momentous shift in America 's policy , and also an indication to Israel to refrain from a military strike .
They are crucial players in Lebanon , they have a role to play in pacifying Iraq , they can influence a change of attitude of powerful and extremely destabilizing non-state actors like Hamas and Hezbollah , and their leverage on Hamas is vital for the stability of the Palestinian front .
They are both mindful of the limits of the politics of destabilization , and they are clearly looking forward to a more dialogue-oriented American administration willing to address their political and strategic concerns .
By showing that the United States has lost its monopoly on the unilateral use of force , and by invading an American ally -- which even the Soviet Union never dared -- Russia blatantly challenged the Pax Americana that emerged from the US victory in the Cold War .
In its quest to counter what it sees as a hostile US strategy of creating American `` Cubas '' on its doorstep , the Kremlin is promoting alliances with Raúl Castro 's Cuba and Hugo Chávez 's Venezuela .
Russia continues to place hurdles before American proposals for sanctions on Iran , has signed with it lavish energy contracts , and is about to sell it advanced aerial systems aimed at thwarting a possible Israeli or American attack .
One victim of American post-Cold War unilateralism has been the transatlantic alliance .
Europe , dependent as it is on Russian energy supplies , is not prepared for a new Cold War , and its alternative to Russian oil -- Iran -- is not palatable to the Americans .
But , as a power burdened with too many domestic ills and a chronic sense of insecurity along its vast and dangerously depopulated borders , Russia can not be interested in a Cold War II , either .
Its recent agreement with China on border demarcation notwithstanding , Russia can never be assured of China 's ultimate intentions as a colossal power hungry for raw materials for its booming economy and living space for its massive population .
Russia probably can tame the Iranian regime , but it will do so only in exchange for America 's respect for its interests in the former Soviet Republics , and possibly also a revision of post-Cold War strategic agreements .
By exposing the inadequacy of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , Iran , a signatory , has signaled to Israel that the regional order can no longer be based on Israel 's nuclear monopoly as a non-NPT member .
Such a regional system can not be built in a political vacuum . A major effort to assist in the solution of the region 's major political disputes is a vital prerequisite .
And you can add to this a reorientation of America 's military effort to the war in Afghanistan .
A rapid American disengagement might ultimately cause the country 's disintegration into fragmented political entities , one of which would likely be an Iran-controlled Islamic republic .
The resurgence of the Taliban in Afghanistan requires a more robust military response , but with the American army bogged down in Iraq and the Western allies reluctant to send additional troops , the country 's dismemberment by local warlords is not a far-fetched scenario .
The specter of a Middle East nuclear arms race , with Iran 's Sunni rivals in the region -- Saudi Arabia , Egypt and others -- redoubling their efforts to attain nuclear status , can not be ruled out .
Struggling with a crisis that is shaking the foundations of capitalism and the American way of life , and laden with a $ 10 trillion national debt and a $ 1 trillion budget deficit , the United States is bound to opt for a realistic foreign policy , one that departs from the haughty disregard for history , tradition , and religion that characterized the Bush administration .
His idealism needs to be tempered by the limits of American power .
He can not lose any time in fulfilling that pledge .
Leadership and commitment are what is required , and Obama 's `` Yes , we can '' campaign has already shown that he has both .
But Hamas 's brinkmanship is a dangerous exercise , for a low-intensity conflict can easily degenerate into an all-out flare-up if its rockets cause a politically unbearable number of casualties on the Israeli side .
Israel should not , however , rejoice at being so far away from Europe , because Europe 's way is not far-fetched ; the world can not be allowed to operate for long outside a reasonable international system of rules and laws .
It can also teach many lessons .
It teaches us , instead , that nationalism -LRB- if respected -RRB- can become a responsible force for broader international cooperation .
The vigorous and equitable reaction of European leaders to the Gaza war , and the visit of five of them to Jerusalem to help seal the ceasefire can , now that President Obama has launched his `` aggressive '' quest for peace in the region , launch a promising era of American-European partnership in Middle East peacemaking .
At the same time , it is the only Muslim country that , while no less worried than Israel about Iran 's nuclear ambitions , can maintain excellent economic and political relations with Iran , regardless of American displeasure .
Turkish democracy and secular values have been greatly enhanced by the country 's dialogue with Europe and its American ties .
Turkey can be a model for Middle Eastern countries if , while promoting its regional strategic and economic interests , it resists the authoritarian temptation and continues to show that Islam and democracy are fully compatible .
The myth of Israel 's military power , resourcefulness in economic and agricultural matters , and an exaggerated perception of its unique capacity to lobby and influence American policy combined to make the Israeli connection especially attractive to these countries .
Turkey 's powerful military establishment may want to maintain close relations with Israel , but the widely popular change in Turkey 's foreign policy priorities , and the serious identity dilemmas facing the nation , send an unequivocal message that the alliance can no longer serve as an alternative to peace with the Arab world .
From now on , it can only be complementary to such a peace .
More recently , leading American congressmen have been impressing on President Barack Obama the need for a muscular effort to implement the CPA .
A high-powered Russian delegation recently arrived in Juba , the South Sudanese capital , with the proclaimed aim of `` playing a more active role on the African continent . ''
Obama 's Hardest Choices Lie Ahead TEL AVIV -- It was only natural that Barack Obama , a president whose election was one of the most revolutionary events in American history , should fill his first 100 days in office with a breathtaking , all-embracing agenda .
It is perhaps especially in Obama 's domestic policy -- the shift to a more social-democratic tax system and universal health care -- that one can best see the new president 's ideological drive .
But emphasizing the reduction of social inequalities does not sit easily with America 's profoundly individualistic ethos , and the attempt to `` Europeanize '' the nature of the social contract between the state and its citizens might yet crash against the constitutive principles of the American system .
After eight years of American unilateralism that left behind a broken transatlantic alliance , resuscitated the specter of a cold war with Russia , and saw the Middle East decline into a doomsday politics , Obama 's injection of new thinking to endemic problems is extremely welcome .
Repairing old alliances is vital not only for the exercise of American power , but also for Europe 's empowerment as a global player .
Whereas the Bush administration is deploying an additional 21,000 American soldiers in Iraq , and is pushing for more allied troops in Afghanistan , America 's allies are rejecting its Middle East policy .
So the fierce debate over whether to increase the size of American ground forces in Iraq is beside the point .
Inter-state combat may still occur where strategic front lines can be found , such as Israel 's border with Syria , India 's border with Pakistan , and the border dividing the two Koreas .
`` Victory '' can not bring peace , simply because there will always be a war after the war .
It is during the war after the war that the occupier 's inferiority is revealed , with constant reinforcements increasing the number of targets for the insurgents far more quickly than the occupier can adapt to the changing battlefield .
The Iraq war and Israel 's wars with Hamas and Hezbollah show the limits of what military power can achieve , as well as vindicate diplomacy and conflict resolution .
Only better-informed foreign policies that can address the genuine anxieties of civilizations in crisis will yield more sustainable results .
American presidents since Harry Truman , the first world leader to recognize Israel in 1948 -LRB- against the advice of then Secretary of State General George C. Marshall -RRB- , have embodied in varying degrees either the emotional or the realpolitik aspect -- some represented both -- of the relationship .
Obama is a revolutionary phenomenon in American history ; he certainly does not fit the traditional pattern of American presidents after World War II .
But even when US administrations have not embodied an emotional attachment to Israel , they have still backed Israel 's cause , provided that doing so can be sustained by considerations of realpolitik .
So far , Obama has been careful not to depart from any of the traditional American positions pertaining to Israel 's security .
He has accepted the logic of Israel 's special nuclear status and its position as a major recipient of American military aid .
The Obama Doctrine and Africa MADRID -- President Barack Obama 's much discussed Cairo speech represented not only the demise of George W. Bush 's ideological drive to reconstruct the Muslim world through a democratic revolution ; it marked the end of American liberalism 's quest to remake the world in its own image .
A fortnight before Obama 's Cairo speech , a delegation of the United Nations Security Council visited four African countries to express concern about the resurgence of unconstitutional change on the continent .
Camara 's test -- indeed , the test for most African rulers -- consists in protecting civilians and their property , in establishing law and order without oppressive measures , and in fighting corruption .
China 's drive to retain a significant say in the pricing of iron and bauxite , of which Guinea is the world 's major producer , means that it can always receive a warm welcome from officials tired of being lectured to by Westerners .
The intellectual foundations of the new American attitude were laid down in a famous article by Henry Kissinger , Sam Nunn , George Schultz , and William Perry entitled `` Toward a Nuclear-Free World . ''
Israel is bound to fight against this emerging new American doctrine that equates it with Iran , or even with India and Pakistan for that matter .
Across-the-board nuclear equality can , in the end , only boost to Iran 's nuclear claims .
Israel expects the Obama administration not only to appreciate the unique context of its ambiguous nuclear status , but also to recognize that it can not be forthcoming in assuring its neighbors or the rest of the world regarding its nuclear program unless the Middle East political environment changes in a radically positive way .
A revision of US policy towards Israel 's nuclear status can by no means be ruled out .
But the true significance of his demand lies in that it 's being pronounced at a time when Prime Minister Salam Fayaad 's policies are posing a genuine challenge to the Palestinian national movement to choose between an ethos of vindication and one of state building .
Only an acceptable deal on the refugees can definitely close the 1948 file -- and only then can the conflict in Palestine end .
Indeed , the rules have changed , and Israel can not say that it was not warned that this is an era in which international law and universal justice are being forcefully promoted as pillars of an improved world order .
The onslaught on Israel was indirectly encouraged by the now widespread perception that , with Obama in the White House , America 's unwavering support for the Jewish state can no longer be taken for granted .
Nor can China 's interest in the stability of both Afghanistan and Pakistan be underestimated .
It is a corridor through which it can secure its interests in Pakistan , a traditional ally , and ensure its access to vital natural resources in the region .
Moreover , China 's Muslim-majority province of Xinjiang , bordering on Afghanistan , can be dangerously affected by a Taliban takeover in Kabul or by the dismemberment of the country .
So , while the US gets to play the `` Ugly American '' once again , the regional powers promote their interests in that war-torn country with a smiling face and away from the battlefield .
This reflects the benefits that NATO believes can be drawn from Israel 's unique military experience .
American sources described the drill as `` the most complete air missile defense system we 've ever done anywhere in the world . ''
It also carries lessons about how the resilient and impersonal forces of history can constrain any leader 's drive for change .
Obama has just admitted that in the Israeli-Palestinian peace process , a president can also be one .
Yet he continues to be the greatest promise for a better world that this political generation can offer .
And he still has time to vindicate Woodrow Wilson 's belief that a `` president can be just as big a man as he chooses to be . ''
The prospect of a Middle East conflagration has prompted an airlift of senior American officials to Israel to warn of the devastating consequences that an Israeli attack on Iran might have .
No matter how unjustified Israel 's traditional military behavior seems in the eyes of its enemies and critics , it has always aspired to base its military actions on grounds that can be justified .
Israel would not like to be seen as the spoiler of a diplomatic solution to a dispute that in any case can not be resolved by military means alone .
The Iranian challenge to Israel 's strategic hegemony is presented as a Holocaust-style existential threat , and Israel 's other enemies -- Hezbollah , which believes that it can bring about `` the end of the Zionist entity , '' and Syria , which publicly boasts of its ballistic missiles ' capacity to destroy Israel 's main urban centers -- are similarly viewed as irrational actors .
The days of Pax Americana in the region are over , which means that avoiding a regional explosion will require mobilizing the major international actors that favor diplomatic solutions for the Arab-Israeli conflict and for Iran 's quest to become a legitimate partner in a new regional system .
The paradox is that America might be winning the war for Arab democracy , even if by default , but can not reap the benefits , simply because the emerging pattern of Islamic pluralistic politics does not coincide with the West 's brand of secular liberal democracy .
But the notion that the genii of democratization can now be squeezed back into the bottle is a self-serving fantasy .
This has been learned the hard way by Algerian President Bouteflika who , through his Charter for Peace and National Reconciliation of February 2006 , brought an end to a long and bloody civil war , the origins of which lay in the violent cancellation by the military of the Islamist Front 's -LRB- FIS -RRB- electoral victory in 1991 .
As Algeria in the 1990 's showed , exclusion of the Islamists is a recipe for disaster , while inclusion can breed moderation .
Iran 's race to develop nuclear weapons , Netanyahu warned , can be understood only in the context of its leaders ' `` repeated vows to wipe the Jewish state off the face of the earth . '' Supposedly , now , as then , the world is criminally indifferent .
The career of his political mentor , Menachem Begin , demonstrated that distorted analogies between past and present can inspire irresponsible policies .
History in the hands of manipulative politicians and incorrigible ideologues can be either a dangerously inebriating weapon to mobilize the masses , or , as James Joyce put it in Ulysses , `` a nightmare '' from which it is difficult to wake .
Viewing the current conflict between such formidable military powers as Israel and Iran through a similar lens can only breed untold catastrophe .
Conspicuously , Haiti 's Dominican neighbors were the first to gauge the magnitude of the problem and the global nature of the required solution .
The Dominican government 's decision to hold a summit on Haiti 's future has the objective of securing the international community 's ongoing commitment to Haiti , beyond the generous response to the catastrophe produced by the earthquake in January .
In addition to harmonizing the flow of donations and an agreed-upon list of development projects , Dominican President Leonel Fernandez seeks to make clear that the task is a long-term enterprise : re-founding the failing Haitian state .
Keeping alive the international community 's commitment -- that is , seeking an international solution to Haiti 's tragedy -- is a vital necessity for the Dominicans .
A case like the island of La Española -LRB- Hispaniola -RRB- , where a simple border can reflect such vast differences , is not very common .
For Dominicans , helping Haiti develop and become politically stable is the best way to safeguard their own stability .
But , unlike the EU , the Dominican Republic is not an economic giant that can assume exclusive responsibility for extracting Haiti from its Biblical destitution .
The Dominicans are right to seek at least a more solid regional commitment .
So long as the Haitian state remains fragile and the Haitian economy continues to decompose , the network of mafias living on illegal immigration into the Dominican Republic will continue to flourish .
About one million Haitians now live in the Dominican Republic , but only about 10 % of the Haitian laborers in the country are there legally , a condition that invites their exploitation by greedy employers .
Cheap Haitian labor has become a substitute for less-skilled Dominican labor in a way that increases income inequalities , and puts a special burden on the country 's public finances and services , owing to lower tax revenues .
Though the Dominican Republic suffers from its own social and economic maladies -- it is itself an exporter of emigrants to the US , Puerto Rico , and Spain -- it certainly has a role to play in Haiti 's reconstruction .
Haitians should not be encouraged to seek a solution to their tragic plight simply by crossing the border , but Dominicans should not demonize Haiti as the source of all their problems .
As Islamist democracies whose governments emerge from popular elections , Iran and Turkey -- and their Hamas and Hezbollah allies -- can claim an advantage over the incumbent Arab regimes , all of which suffer from a desperately yawning legitimacy deficit .
Moreover , an increasingly robust secular opposition , the Republican People 's Party -LRB- CHP -RRB- under the vigorous leadership of Kemal Kilicdaroglu , is bound to help stem the Islamist tide .
With Israel 's return to a sober peace strategy , and with an honest dialogue between Turkey and its NATO allies , the Turkish bridge between East and West can still be salvaged .
TEL AVIV -- Twenty years after the Madrid Peace conference , and ten years after President Bill Clinton 's heroic efforts at Camp David failed to yield a settlement between Israelis and Palestinians , one can not escape the conclusion that the Israeli-Palestinian peace process has become one of the most spectacular deceptions in modern diplomatic history .
Trapped in their contradictions and zero-sum national dreams , Israelis and Palestinians can not expect a perfect solution .
The assumption -- dear to the architects of the current process -- that peace can be achieved by driving a wedge between `` moderates ' and `` extremists '' is a fatal misconception .
Abbas is too weak and compromised to accept any final settlement with which Netanyahu can live .
Arafat set the standard as to what is acceptable and what is not , and Abbas can not allow himself the luxury of deviating from it .
Israel wants an end to the conflict but is incapable of paying the price , whereas Hamas can better reconcile its ideology with a peace agreement with Israel if it is not defined as final .
Instead of insisting on what the Palestinians can not give , Israel should focus on what is essential : the international legitimacy of its borders .
Such was the existentialist worldview of US President and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Theodore Roosevelt , a major advocate of American expansionism : `` A just war is , in the long run , far better for a man 's soul than the most prosperous peace . '' A century later , another American president , Barack Obama , immersed in two hopeless wars in the Middle East , received his Nobel Peace Prize with an apology for `` just wars . ''
Without such a deadlock , neither United Nations resolutions , nor premature peace initiatives can cut short the dynamic of war .
Black Africa , particularly the East African Community , can not think of any solution other than secession .
The Perils of Palestinian Strategy TEL AVIV -- It should be clear to all by now that talks between Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu can not produce a peace agreement .
The devastating effects of the new Palestinian strategy on Israel 's international standing can not be denied .
Particularly painful is that key Latin American countries , where Israel once enjoyed an almost mythological status , have joined that wave .
Moreover , should Abbas fail to muster the support of the United States and Europe , Netanyahu might feel free to cancel existing agreements and engage in unilateral steps of his own .
This Gordian knot can not be untied ; it needs to be cut by robust third-party mediation .
The question for Egypt is whether the agenda of a truly pluralistic democracy -- proclaimed by the avant-garde young protesters at Tahrir Square , the admirably self-empowered Facebook and Twitter generation -- can prevail against the resilient forces of the past .
A Western-leaning army , funded and trained by the United States , it can not allow itself the liberty of shooting peaceful protesters .
A free-trade agreement with the US and improved access to EU markets might be powerful incentives that the West can offer to Egypt 's young democracy .
A democracy that excludes religion from public life entirely , à la France , can not work in Egypt .
And how can hundreds of isolated settlements spread amidst a hostile Palestinian population ever be considered a strategic asset ?
The lesson was simple : the gentiles can not be relied upon , for Jewish history is one of betrayal and extermination at their hands .
Let us not avert our eyes lest our arms weaken ... This is the fate of our generation , this is our life choice , to be prepared and armed , strong and determined , lest the sword be stricken from our fist and our lives cut down ... We are a generation of settlers , and , without the steel helmet and the cannon 's fire , we will not be able to plant a tree and build a home . ''
Yet the same Dayan , who in 1970 said that `` the only peace negotiations are those where we settle the land and we build , and we settle , and from time to time we go to war , '' was forced by cruel reality to admit that the best security to which Israel can aspire is that based on peace with its neighbors .
Indeed , at a time of painful budget cuts -- the US is facing a $ 52 trillion shortfall on public pensions and health care in the coming decades -- the US can no longer be expected to maintain its current level of global military engagement .
At an address in February to cadets at the US Military Academy at West Point , Gates said that `` any future defense secretary who advises the president to send a big American land army into Asia or into the Middle East or Africa should have his head examined . ''
The report can be dismissed as just the musings of two senior members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff writing in their `` personal capacity . ''
Just as Kennan 's `` X '' article was fully reflective of the mood in America at the time , so the Narrative expresses the current American Zeitgeist .
The message emanating now from the US is not one of non-interventionism , but a strategy of restraint that assumes that there are limits to American power and seeks to minimize the risk of entanglement in foreign conflicts .
Until recently , the region was divided into two camps : an incoherent and weakened moderate Arab alignment , and an `` Axis of Resistance , '' formed by Iran , Syria , Hamas , and Hezbollah , against American and Israeli designs for the region .
And , with the Kurdish problem as alive as ever , the Turks also know only too well that upheavals in neighboring countries can spill over into Turkey itself .
Instead of competing for the role of regional power broker , as was the case under Mubarak , Egypt can join forces with Turkey -- whose officials the Egyptians wisely invited to the ceremony that sealed the Palestinian reconciliation -- to promote an Israeli-Arab peace and a civilized security system in the Middle East .
Speeches do not make peace , but they can mar its prospects .
Security concerns can no longer be treated as a license for territorial expansion .
Even if , as expected , the Security Council rejects the Palestinians ' request for full UN membership and Palestine ends up with observer status in the General Assembly , Abbas can already claim victory .
And would-be mediators , for their part , can no longer just be `` facilitators '' ; they need to regard themselves as stakeholders -- and be prepared to exert pressure and twist arms .
It was about standing up to the Zionist enemy , the high-tech crusader whose military superiority can be defeated only by stubborn resistance .
Hamas believes that the deal vindicated the teachings of Hezbollah 's leader , Hassan Nassrallah , who has defined Israel as nothing but a `` spider 's web '' that can be destroyed with the whisper of a sword .
Hamas ' resounding success in bringing home the heroes of the Palestinian cause was a major defeat for Abbas -- and a significant blow to the peace process .
The Arab Spring has pushed Israel into a strategic trap from which it can extricate itself only through accommodation with the Palestinians .
In the current political climate , Arab leaders , whether conservative or revolutionary , can no longer afford to be seen as complicit with Israel and the United States in the region .
By freeing Gilad Shalit , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu may have finally become a leader who can take difficult decisions .
The Somalia-like chaos and civil war that is now unfolding in Gaza as a result of this decades-old stalemate can be blamed partly on ill-conceived Israeli policies , and partly on an American administration that , for six long years , relegated the cause of Israeli-Palestinian peace to the bottom of its agenda .
But it is misleading to attribute the failure of the Palestinians to develop an orderly system of self-government only to the pernicious effects of Israeli occupation and American policies .
Now , not even Fatah , Arafat 's own party , can claim to be a coherent organization .
Hamas 's determination to assert its authority can be gauged by the desecrated corpses of Fatah fighters , many of them with bullets fired at their heads , a practice dubbed `` confirmation of death . ''
Only a dramatic move by external powers can still save Gaza from becoming a second Mogadishu and both Palestinians and Israelis from a total war that would only breed more rage and desperation .
It is unrealistic to believe that transferring to the Palestinians tax revenues that are owed to them , removing a limited number of checkpoints in the occupied West Bank , and even releasing 250 Fatah prisoners `` with no blood on their hands '' will calm the Palestinian volcano , and thus enhance Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas 's leadership and Fatah 's edge over Hamas .
The Israeli-American strategy of driving a wedge between Gaza and the West Bank while shunning negotiations on a peace settlement that could give Abbas the ultimate tool to undermine Hamas is a policy at war with itself .
Moreover , no matter how critical the moderate Arabs may be of the Hamas coup in Gaza , the Arab leaders can not afford the domestic fallout of shunning Hamas .
The Saudis certainly have an interest in supporting this last ditch American attempt for an Israeli-Palestinian peace , especially now that , for the first time ever , Israel has refrained from opposing an arms deal between the US and Saudi Arabia .
But how much leverage can he apply when they are so badly needed for his `` War on Terror '' and for containing Iran ?
For these `` moderate '' American allies , peace is about Israeli concessions , not about pulling Israel 's chestnuts out of the fire , certainly as long as it refuses to endorse the Arab peace plan .
The current American initiative sounds reasonable , but it is essentially unrealistic .
In the American-Iranian equation it was the US , not Iran , that conducted rigid ideological diplomacy .
By making Islamists and Islamist sentiments a part of the process of modernization , Malaysia demonstrates that Islamic faith and economic growth can be reconciled if politicians are clever enough not to treat them as contradictions .
At the same time , the governments of Chad and the Central African Republic would never have accepted NATO 's intervention to help resolve the Darfur crisis .
Where necessary , they can be supported by air and maritime rapid response assets , and thus constitute a fully-fledged military resource for armed intervention .
Last week , China finally enshrined private property by passing the long-awaited property rights law , in what the government called `` significant progress in promoting rule of law in the country . ''
Because people can not get justice through the courts , unrest has skyrocketed nationwide in recent years : official statistics record more than 200 protests a day , four times the number a decade ago .
One exception is geographical : Western and Central Europe have indeed experienced a significant decline of religion , which has become an important ingredient of European cultural identity .
On the institutional level , pluralism means that established religions can no longer take for granted that a particular population will supinely submit to its authority .
If freedom of religion is guaranteed -- the typical situation in liberal democracies -- religious institutions can not rely on the state to fill their pews .
Even if one religious tradition still claims a majority of a population as its nominal adherents , individuals can still choose to disaffiliate from the institution representing that tradition -LRB- as in the Catholic majority countries of Europe -RRB- .
A religious decision can be a matter of passionate commitment -LRB- as in Kierkegaard 's `` leap of faith '' -RRB- , or , more commonly , an emotionally low-intensity consumer option -LRB- expressed in the telling American phrase `` religious preference '' -RRB- .
The Roman Catholic Church , after a long period of fierce resistance , also has adapted successfully to pluralist competition , legitimating it theologically in the declarations on religious liberty that began with the Second Vatican Council .
But for those coming from euro candidate countries , the event was a cold shower .
Governments in Eastern Europe can not credibly match the broad deposit guarantees issued by their Western neighbors , and the generous recapitalizations have brought down Western banks ' relative funding costs , further weakening local institutions ' competitiveness .
Instead of exploiting the current opportunity of unprecedented leverage over euro candidates to push them to meet the Maastricht criteria , euro incumbents are contemplating a new and exceedingly vague criterion based on the quality of banking systems .
After the devastating impact of the crisis on their economies , countries hosting Western banking subsidiaries and branches can not be expected to accept the status quo .
Such effect-based jurisdiction has a long tradition in both American and EU extraterritorial application of their respective anti-trust laws .
Moreover , significant sector-specific reforms are needed even in some Central European and Baltic countries , particularly in sustainable energy and energy efficiency , transport , and the financial sector , where regulatory and supervisory regimes require strengthening , financing of small and medium-sized firms needs to be improved , and local capital markets must be developed .
One year into the crisis in the transition region , we can almost rule out the latter scenario .
A significant part was financed by non-debt-creating inflows of foreign direct investment , but external borrowing , particularly by the private sector , also grew very rapidly .
Estonia has shown the way towards a simplified tax administration , modeled on the Scandinavian experience .
What conclusions can be drawn today from the Cuban Missile Crisis ?
When life and death issues are at stake , a leader can never let the media rush him into acting .
So an invasion might have led to the death of 80 million Americans and the obliteration of Cuba simply because Kennedy 's government did not have the facts right -LRB- which is often more common than not when the executive must take a solitary decision . -RRB-
Europe Through American Eyes
Europe Through American Eyes
Above all , Americans see Europe as a continent of self-inflicted stagnation - and with good reason .
The European Union 's highly touted `` Lisbon Declaration '' of a few years ago , which proclaimed that Europe would become the world 's most competitive region by 2010 , appears laughable to Americans , whose productivity gains seem to scale new heights constantly .
Worse , informed Americans see anti-Semitism running rampant in Europe and xenophobic political parties on the march in country after country . Not even pacific Scandinavia is exempt from this .
Americans see a total inability by Europe to handle immigration in ways that encourage dynamism and diversity instead of antagonism and higher state spending .
This seems all the more puzzling because Americans realize how badly Europe needs new immigrants , given its extremely low fertility rates .
Americans may differ about what policy should have been pursued in Iraq , but they know that their country can not run from its role as a world leader responsible for developments in North Korea , the Middle East , Pakistan\/India , Taiwan , and elsewhere .
It is a jungle out there , as Americans say ; not every problem and conflict can be handled through the sort of peaceful , drawn-out negotiations that the EU prefers .
Americans now see Europe as compounding its military weakness by losing its leading position in science .
Two thirds of Nobel Laureates in the sciences during the last quarter century were Americans ; many of the others do or did research at American universities .
This sterility and inertia make Europe less and less interesting for Americans .
So American eyes are turning elsewhere : to China with its 1.3 billion people and an economy growing at 8-10 % , year in and year out , and to India , with its 1.1 billion people and 6 % annual growth .
With American immigration dominated by Latin Americans and Asians , the US feels its European heritage less .
The fall of the Soviet empire , naturally , reduced Americans ' security interest in Europe .
Is this American-eye view of Europe unfair ? Perhaps .
But if Americans are critical of Europe , they are also self-critical , far more so than most Europeans .
Every European should contemplate that possibility , at least for a moment , before resuming their current aversion to all things American .
Indeed , today you can fit more books on the hard disk of your laptop computer than in a bookstore carrying 60,000 titles .
But search technologies that are based on statistical algorithms can not address the quality of information , simply because high-quality information is not always popular , and popular information is not always high-quality .
You can collect statistics until the cows come home , but you can not expect statistics to produce an effect beyond what they are good for .
If you have enough money , your Web page can be ranked higher than many others that are more credible or higher quality . Since the emergence of Google , quality information has never been so vulnerable to the power of commercialism .
When the computer encounters the phrase `` killed the bill , '' it would deduce that `` bill '' can only be a proposed law submitted to a legislature , and that `` kill '' could mean only `` stop . ''
Once computers can handle natural languages with semantic precision , high-quality information will not need to become popular before it reaches the end user , unlike what is required by Web search today .
Semantic technology can discern what it is .
We can not afford a future in which knowledge is at the mercy of popularity and money .
Most constitutions - including the American one - aspire to `` freeze history , '' or to set up a lasting institutional order that will resist the winds of change .
That uncertainty ended when America succeeded in limiting invitations to three chosen countries , surprising those Alliance members who supported other candidates .
Back then Nato heads-of-state welcomed the progress of various candidate countries , commending the Baltic states in particular .
So they can not repeat the same formula in Prague and remain credible in both Russia and Eastern Europe ;
Diplomatic tricks can not finesse the issue .
Americans are both shocked and angered by the attack on their cherished invulnerability and are determined to pursue the perpetrators with every means at their disposal .
They can not simply wait for America to move , nor can they always seek to placate Washington 's preferences .
After all , only the ingrained habit of playing second fiddle to the US prevents EU members from clearly and loudly distancing themselves from Israel 's repressive interferences on the West Bank and Gaza , even though such a stance would help strengthen the commitment of Arab states to the coalition against terrorism as well as provide a useful shove to American diplomacy .
Calls for pooling European efforts have been many , based on the conviction that only in this way can European governments play a more effective international role .
The Anti-Ballistic Missile -LRB- ABM -RRB- treaty with the former Soviet Union banning missile defense has been canceled .
It is not only America 's enduring willingness to use her unique power in ways generally benign to international stability that should put fears over this trend to rest ; nor the other familiar phenomenon that American administrations tend to start off with ideology before they arrive at pragmatism .
We are not witnessing a Copernican revision of the orbits of global diplomacy . For , although a world without treaties and institutions would hurt most other countries more , it would hurt the mighty US as well .
The reason for this reversal is obvious : if the US puts the Geneva Convention in doubt , American soldiers , if taken prisoner , could lose their protections .
Once the US claims the right of redefining or dismissing international treaties as it pleases , it can scarcely blame others if they do so as well .
American uneasiness about the prevailing body of international law dealing with conflicts is not entirely frivolous .
International agreements and international law are so essential for coexistence on this crowded globe that not even the most powerful nation can do without them .
So American efforts to bring about a cease-fire were stillborn .
Even powerful America can not hunt down everyone everywhere who employs violence as a political weapon .
Nor can it maintain an international coalition of states against Al Qaeda-type terror if its members are asked to subscribe to today 's wider , vaguer goal .
If you throw your blanket too wide , you can not complain about nasty bedfellows .
But precisely because it is so extraordinary it is difficult to see how implementing those threats by launching a war can make any sense at all .
Fortunately there are others , in particular Tony Blair 's Britain , which can carry the message that another great Englishman who still enjoys immense respect in America , Winston Churchill , summed up in these words : `` Jaw-jaw is better than war-war . '' Inspection is better than invasion .
Unless France , Britain and Germany agree , there is little chance the Union can act effectively on the international stage .
But because Britain remains lukewarm on European integration , the threesome can never serve as the motor for moving Europe forward .
Even in an enlarged Union , only France and Germany can do that job , provided they make a determined effort to regain the trust of the other , mostly smaller members , old and new .
The alliance can claim important achievements over the past 15 years : it helped to stabilize Europe as it enlarged to 26 members , almost double the Cold War number ; it kept the Balkan conflict under control ; it even accepted a role in extra-European security contingencies such as Afghanistan .
This does not imply kowtowing to every American view and whim or foregoing efforts to strengthen European defense cooperation .
Had the American people chosen John F. Kerry over George W. Bush last November , the reunion would be seen by both sides as a new beginning , resonant with personal warmth .
But both continue to doubt that past substantive divisions can really be overcome .
American leaders will welcome her election as proof that the estrangement in bilateral relations is over .
At home , Merkel can hope to reap the rewards .
One can only hope that this recognition will serve as her guidepost when tough decisions must be made and changes in style alone will not be enough .
But that can no longer be an argument against diplomacy now that Israeli unilateralism has once again proven to be a strategic blind alley .
Only an Israel seriously willing to seek security through agreement , not one that wants to impose her security on her neighborhood by fiat , can be partner to an international effort to bring stability to Lebanon and beyond .
Getting to `` Yes '' with Iran There is a wise American saying : `` If you are in a hole , stop digging . ''
But the only real test of UN credibility in this conflict is whether it can succeed in restricting Iran as much as possible to a purely civilian nuclear program .
The Six have refused because verification can not provide an absolute guarantee against the diversion of some enriched uranium to military use .
America , eager to bring both Ukraine and Georgia into NATO , felt scant need to consider Russian concerns , convinced that the Kremlin would have no choice but to bow to the inevitable .
Or consider Iran , another power exploiting American weakness .
It will require years of hard work to reconcile America 's resources and requirements , and to ensure that its initiatives can once again be seen as designed not to serve narrow US ideologies , but to advance a fair international order .
In the heyday of American dominance , European governments profited doubly : they were part of a powerful West and courted as a potential counterweight to US dominance by third countries .
If they dissented from US positions , this did not seriously impair the West 's strategic efficacy because American power was more than sufficient to compensate .
Whether they can successfully perform this difficult act , remains to be seen .
In the long period of American weakness , European leaders will have to demonstrate statesmanship for the West as a whole .
He warned that , `` if you let inflation expectations drift too far away from the target , you can end up in quite serious difficulty with a costly process to bring them back again . ''
But there is something they can do to ensure the benefits of inflation-targeting rules -LRB- credibility and well-anchored inflation expectations -RRB- while also supporting recovery : raise the stated target .
The case for doing so can best be shown by Britain , where the situation is particularly delicate .
The thinking is clear -LRB- if rarely spelled out clearly by politicians -RRB- : whereas a loss of market confidence in the British state 's solvency would most likely trigger a depression , above-target inflation can be rectified at a relatively tolerable cost to living standards -LRB- though higher than it should have been -RRB- .
NEW YORK -- At a debate in New York last year entitled `` Buy American\/Hire American Policies Will Backfire , '' with hundreds of people in attendance , my team of three free-trade proponents took on a trio of protectionists who are often in the public eye .
The arguments of protectionists , new and old , are just so many myths that can be successfully challenged .
There was skepticism about this long-standing wisdom when it was argued that , if Japan was closed and the US was open , Japanese firms would have two markets and American firms would have one .
But the problem here , as always , is with the assumption that Japanese firms would continue to be as efficient as American firms , despite protectionism .
Consider an analogy . If Florida is devastated by a hurricane , its governor would only make matters worse if he responded by abandoning trade with other states .
But this argument is specious : one can have a vigorous transportation industry , with trucks , rail , and air cargo moving agricultural produce within and across nations , as countries such as pre-Peronist Argentina , Australia , New Zealand , and modern Chile have done very successfully .
While these episodes reflected academic obsession with manufactures and therefore died early deaths , the same can not be said for the latest revival of the `` manufactures fetish '' in the US and Great Britain .
The case for a shift to manufacturing remains unproven , because it can not be proved .
This proposal gained its legs from long-standing worries about the H1 -LRB- b -RRB- and L-1 programs on the part of Republican Senator Chuck Grassley and Democratic Senator Richard Durbin , and had recently attracted the sponsorship of the influential Democratic Senator Charles Schumer of New York .
Schumer had long agitated against `` outsourcing '' as inimical to American economic interests , even allying himself with the supply-side economist Paul Craig Roberts .
Thus , it was asserted that a tax on foreign workers would reduce the numbers coming in and `` taking jobs away '' from American citizens . Many supporters of the proposal claimed , incoherently , that it would simultaneously discourage foreign workers from entering the US and increase revenues .
Perhaps the chief mistake , as with recent `` Buy American '' provisions in US legislation , was to allow the Employ American Workers Act -LRB- EAWA -RRB- to be folded into the stimulus bill .
This makes it harder for companies to get governmental support to hire skilled immigrants with H1 -LRB- b -RRB- visas : they must first show that they have not laid off or plan to lay off American workers in similar occupations .
CSR can be divided into two categories : what corporations should do -LRB- say , contribute to a women 's rights NGO or build a village school -RRB- and what they should not do -LRB- say , dump mercury into rivers or bury hazardous materials in landfills -RRB- .
But that does not mean that a corporation is the right entity to engage in altruism -- though its various stakeholders obviously can spend any portion of the income they earn from the corporation and other sources in altruistic ways .
One can also argue for PSR on the grounds that asking for CSR becomes a way of `` passing the buck '' -- evading personal responsibility for doing good .
Moreover , it is hard to see how a corporation 's stakeholders can always arrive democratically at a common position on how the corporation should engage in social responsibility on their behalf . Each will consider his or her CSR view the best .
The more CSR a company can point to , the less such efforts will succeed -- or even be mounted .
Finally , CSR can be simply a matter of advertising .
First , while authoritarianism can accelerate reforms , it can also be a serious handicap .
She answered : it depends on whether Mao dies first or Zhao dies first -- her point being that in a top-heavy system , growth paths can become unpredictable , and thus subject to volatility .
Again , China 's authoritarian politics means that it can not profit from the innovations that depend on software , as that is an instrument through which dissent can flourish and become subversive of total control .
In such a world , continued hassles and hiccups for Chinese exports can be confidently expected .
For example , on trade , there has been a remarkable commitment to efforts -- largely successful -- to avoid significant backsliding into protectionism .
After all , no economy can raise living standards forever through innovations that make production of existing goods more efficient .
Similarly , outsourcing to low-wage countries improves living standards only if the human capital released can be used to make new goods and services .
Moreover , exports to low-wage countries can not compensate for job losses .
A Chinese worker simply can not buy the same goods and services as a worker in the EU , and workers in low-wage countries spend only a small portion of their incomes on EU products .
More effective use of counter-cyclical policies may have subsequently smoothed out the economic cycle , but this can not explain why productivity and incomes also grew more rapidly than in the 19th century .
But if this capacity is impaired , neither the low road of protection nor the high road of free trade can do much good .
Prudent lenders therefore try to limit both how much a business can borrow and the other risks it can take .
Because runs on banks can trigger widespread distress , governments explicitly guarantee insured deposits and implicitly guarantee all the other debts of mega-banks .
This approach presupposes that bank assets and exposures can be accurately measured .
Bank lending and regulation , by contrast , must incorporate local knowledge , because , in a dynamic , unregimented economy , each borrower , loan , and bank is different -LRB- though some general guidelines can help -RRB- .
We can no longer afford to rely on old-fashioned examination for mega-banks loaded with mass-produced risks .
And because stockholders or raiders ca n't force streamlining , governments must require these banks to shed activities that no one can manage or regulate and stick to hands-on case-by-case lending .
Only answers to these questions can reconcile the divide between the `` new '' and `` old '' Europe , as well as the new and old Atlantic worlds .
But an EU with 10 new members simply can not be run as it has for decades .
So the challenge to France and Germany does not arise because Poland is some sort of American `` Trojan Horse . '' Instead , the EU 's structure now demands not only a new consensus about Europe 's role in the world , but also new means to achieve consensus .
History can not be put on hold as Europe sorts out its internal balance of power .
Indeed , all of Europe is in thrall to American power .
Polish foreign policy , like that of the EU , can only be effective in the long term if it takes realistic steps -- and spends the necessary money -- to realize these objectives .
Yet we continue to believe that social cohesion can be limited to that of the nation .
But neither can we accept a situation in which vast resources are spent on national cohesion , while European cohesion lags so woefully behind .
Fortunately , inequalities can often be reduced considerably without spending much money .
Nothing that the EU or its individual members can do would have as great an impact on reducing income inequality in Europe than eliminating national protectionist barriers to migration , movement of capital , and provision of services .
Our bodies simply can not synthesize many essential compounds , so our health partly depends on what we eat and drink .
Antioxidants , which are believed to help protect us against both cancer and heart disease , are one such element that must import into our bodies .
Studies have shown that there is a significant positive association between a higher intake of fruits and vegetables and reduced risk of chronic disease .
By eliminating free radicals from our body , we interfere with important defensive mechanisms for eliminating damaged cells , including cancerous cells .
So antioxidant substances can also harm people .
In the meantime , we know that antioxidants can cause unwanted health consequences .
This state of affairs is worrying , to say the least , given the severity of harm that a single serious accident can cause .
A successful attack or accident at the Indian Point power plant near New York City , apparently part of Al Qaeda 's original plan for September 11 , 2001 , would have resulted in 43,700 immediate fatalities and 518,000 cancer deaths , with cleanup costs reaching $ 2 trillion .
There would be thousands of spontaneous abortions and more than 300,000 later cancers .
The new US administration is supporting strong American action .
Developing countries will also need to play their part , significantly slowing and peaking emissions growth in the coming decades .
The good news is that if we focus on clear , practical , and achievable goals , major reductions can be made in order to ensure that , whatever the precise interim target , the world will fashion a radical new approach within a manageable timeframe .
Perhaps the most interesting fact to emerge is that fully 70 % of the reductions needed by 2020 can be achieved by investing in three areas : increasing energy efficiency , reducing deforestation , and use of lower-carbon energy sources , including nuclear and renewables .
While cap-and-trade systems or other means of pricing carbon emissions can help provide incentives for businesses to invest in low-carbon solutions , in the short term at least , these seven policy measures -- and direct action and investment by governments -- are needed to achieve the targets .
Smart grid systems can enable big savings in emissions , but require a plan for putting them into effect .
MEF leaders can therefore have confidence in adopting the interim and long-term targets recommended by the scientific community : keeping warming to below two degrees Celsius ; peaking emissions within the next decade ; and at least halving global emissions by 2050 versus 1990 .
With that support , developing countries in turn will need to design and implement `` Low-Carbon Growth Plans '' that significantly slow and eventually peak their emissions growth .
LONDON -- The tsunami in Japan , the earthquake in Haiti , and Hurricane Katrina are among the world 's most notorious recent natural disasters .
One of the most devastating global health challenges on the planet is malaria , which claims more than 800,000 lives annually , primarily among young African children .
This is why the United Nations , World Bank , Global Fund , Tony Blair Faith Foundation , African heads of state , and many other governments , organizations , and individuals have felt compelled to act .
No organization better embodies the moral imperative of ending malaria deaths than the African Leaders Malaria Alliance -LRB- ALMA -RRB- .
Formed during the UN General Assembly in September 2009 under the leadership of President Jakaya Kikwete of Tanzania , and supported by the African Union , the group has added government advocacy and accountability to the combined efforts being made to halt and reverse the spread of malaria on the continent .
While African political leaders have ultimate responsibility for protecting their citizens , faith communities share deeply in this commitment .
In many instances , they can reach deep into inaccessible rural areas to deliver services .
When well resourced , faith leaders can adopt holistic approaches to major killer diseases and use their networks effectively for immunization and combating pandemics .
Much significant progress has already been made ; now we must consolidate our gains .
Earthquakes , tsunamis , and hurricanes can never be stopped .
Malaria can be .
They can try to stop product market reforms altogether and , by the same token , try to stop trade liberalization and globalization .
They also can continue to play the blame game , letting the Union pursue reforms , while complaining about Brussels bureaucrats .
Finally , they can help `` Brussels '' define and design product-market reforms , and then sell those reforms , and the EU 's role in enacting them , to their voters .
Add to this the drop in output in advanced countries , and you can see how emerging countries now suffer from both higher credit costs and decreased export demand .
It is not just a question of providing them with liquidity so that they can simply maintain their exchange rates in the face of a large capital outflows .
Inflation is increasing beyond what can be explained by rising commodity and food prices , while credit growth and some asset prices are starting to look high relative to historical standards .
The answer depends almost entirely on one single number : the growth rate of American productivity in the future .
The savings rate for households has gone from 5 % of American GDP in 1990 to zero in 2000 .
What level of improved productivity can America expect in future years ?
Financial capital can cross borders far more easily , and physical capital can relocate almost as quickly .
This reality has taken a while to sink in , and a number of parties on the left still can not bring themselves to acknowledge the constraints imposed by market forces .
The choice of a candidate for the next elections is about this strategic choice , not personalities .
And the means , however `` boring . '' must be appropriate to realizing this commitment : a combination of sustainable retirement systems , better designed unemployment benefit systems , negative income taxes , training programs , and the like . Only by employing the rhetoric of commitment to mobilize the troops while devoting careful attention to the center 's concern with methods can the left hope to return to power .
The Euro is the only currency against which the dollar can depreciate . -LRB- The last thing Japan needs is an appreciation of the yen . -RRB-
Numerous opinion polls show Park Geun-hye of the ruling Grand National Party -LRB- GNP -RRB- to be the leading candidate .
South Korean voters of all ages and regions have welcomed Park as a candidate for their country 's leadership .
No candidate on the horizon seems able to stop her .
And , as an icon of the right , she is well aware that she can not afford to betray her status .
Come presidential election-day in 2012 , South Korean voters will pick the candidate who embodies pragmatism and centrism over a partisan or ideologue .
The 1980 's was a harrowing decade for most Latin American countries .
The second oil shock and high international interest rates , coupled with a lack of foreign investment , led to significant internal and external imbalances and high levels of foreign debt .
In all the major countries , this resulted in defaults , significant and continuous exchange-rate adjustments , and , by the end of the decade , a severe inflation\/devaluation spiral , bordering , in some cases , on hyperinflation .
At the beginning of the 1990 's , with inflation rampant , the three largest Latin American countries decided to use the exchange rate as the centerpiece of their stabilization strategies .
During the same period , other Latin American countries , particularly Colombia and Chile , adopted an alternative strategy .
Managing a floating rate has also allowed Latin American countries to accumulate a significant level of international reserves .
This pressure is compounded in resource-rich Latin American countries by the increase in commodity prices caused by a similar search for yield and by the fall in the dollar 's value .
But why should Latin American countries care about these capital flows and the revaluation of their currencies ?
Moreover , global deleveraging is asymmetric , with Latin American economies growing fast and advanced markets lagging -- all of which may call for a real exchange-rate correction and thus justify revaluation of the region 's major currencies .
So what should Latin American economies do ?
Alternatively , Latin American economies could try to foster policy coordination at the regional level , where economic realities tend to coincide , interdependence is more directly felt , and the cost of spillovers can be internalized more easily .
As the crisis hit , stronger banking systems and effective macroeconomic policies -- including fiscal responsibility and low public debt , exchange-rate flexibility , and a large accumulation of international reserves -- allowed Latin American countries to implement unprecedented countercyclical policies .
In short , while Latin America 's economies were helped by high commodity prices , it is indisputable that the significant economic reforms adopted in most countries enabled them to have a `` good crisis . ''
Although growth has indeed been significantly above trend in recent years , performance over the entire decade was unimpressive .
Only the Dominican Republic , Peru , and Panama attained 6-7 % growth .
Rapidly expanding demand for skilled workers can not be satisfied as long as average schooling still totals eight years .
Third , despite some significant improvements , major deficiencies in the coverage and quality of infrastructure are clearly affecting competitiveness and increasing costs .
The Nobel laureate Robert Fogel argues that a new synergism between technological and physiological improvements has produced a radically new form of human evolution , which he calls technophysio evolution . Only this , Fogel believes , can explain recent trends in longevity , body size , the durability of vital organs , and chronic diseases .
In societies that have been preparing themselves by opening their markets and embracing universal education , the disruptions of this revolution can probably be absorbed and handled .
To defend post-utopian values in the longer-term , politicians -LRB- and generals and spymasters -RRB- can not seek security by drastically curtailing fundamental freedoms , because to do so risks forfeiting public support and a weakening of the pillars of the post-utopian market order .
The rules-based approach of the SGP is fundamentally sound , but it requires operational criteria that can be defined with some precision .
So , can the SGP be made to work in favor , rather than against , structural reforms , without abandoning the rules-based approach of the SGP ?
The key is to select some comprehensive but operationally precise indicators of structural reforms , and then apply the same idea suggested by the Commission for public debt : countries that are making more progress on these indicators can get more leeway on their budget deficit .
Since 1995 , there were 26 reforms of migration policies in the EU-15 : two-thirds tightened regulations by increasing procedural obstacles faced by visa applicants , reducing the duration of work permits , or making family reunification more difficult .
Countries are getting tougher because migration flows can be diverted across jurisdictions .
Realistic restrictions in Europe can be adopted only by taking into account migration spillovers across jurisdictions , which requires implementing policies that are agreed at the EU level .
It states that national governments can better `` respond to the specific needs of their labor markets . ''
The Green Paper also suggests that , when admitting migrants , member countries `` require proof that no one already part of the domestic labor market can fill the vacancy concerned . ''
This strategy will pay off only if a sustained economic recovery does not require a significant reallocation of labor .
Aging countries seeking to recover the ground lost in the current recession quickly can not afford to lose entire generations .
For another ten years , it seems , we can talk big and dream .
Rather than wasting time and public money to set up or maintain the Lisbon bureaucracy , the EU should closely monitor the attainment of those national and EU-wide targets that involve significant spillovers across jurisdictions .
Selective migration policies and talent-friendly environments supported at the European level could significantly improve the net skill migration balance , which is currently negative or zero in all EU countries .
One can not rule a country with so scant a majority .
For example , three medical afflictions that create especially acute and enduring distress -- clinical depression , chronic pain , and sleep disorders -- are all conditions that can often be treated successfully , to the vast relief of sufferers .
How can you have victory here ? ''
They also know who the enemy is and can play a role in isolating militants from local people .
And , because the US has no presence on the ground in any capacity , Americans are seen as the aggressors , and the militants are seen as the protectors .
Once dialogue and cooperation are established with the tribesmen in the settled areas , inroads can be laid into the tribal unsettled areas .
Football matches can , it seems , revive national rivalries and conjure the ghosts of past wars .
But can one really say that football is responsible for the currently bad diplomatic relations between China and Japan ?
Football can also be the occasion of positive gestures .
Moreover , football , more than long speeches or international resolutions , can help induce progress towards peaceful solutions for military conflicts .
The former president of the FIFA , Joao Havelange , often dreamed of a football match between Israelis and Palestinians : the American vice-president Al Gore regarded such a match as a means to help Washington solve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
As the sociologist Norbert Elias put it : `` The spectators of a football match can enjoy the mythical excitement of battles taking place in the stadium , and they know that neither the players nor they will suffer any harm . ''
As in real life , fans can be torn between their hopes for victory and their fear of defeat .
As a Frenchman , I can not wait for the next World Cup match between France and Germany .
Yet , according to the polls , she is the only left-leaning candidate who looks able to defeat Nicolas Sarkozy , the current Interior Minister and odds-on favorite to be the center-right 's standard bearer in the presidential election next May .
Ever since Laurent Fabius took a hit in the polls when he mocked her candidacy by asking , `` Who will mind the children ? '' , her opponents have feared appearing misogynous when attacking her , and when they do criticize her , she immediately assumes the pose of innocent victim , unfairly bashed by schoolboy bullies .
If she can strengthen her program on foreign policy , she may yet open a new chapter in French political history .
But we have a wish for the Middle East -- one that , while perhaps not bringing peace , can create one of peace 's preconditions : goodwill .
Nothing prevents us from hoping that a fair and just peace can be achieved by then .
Although football can not solve the region 's major strategic problems , it has much to contribute in this regard .
The joint organization of the 2018 World Cup in a place where two peoples were once at war would serve as a powerful symbol of the way that sports can serve the cause of peace .
One can assume that next year 's total spending on military affairs will be even bigger .
Yet , given the sheer scale of military spending today , one can wonder if it is rational .
China and Russia , which can be considered strategic rivals of the US , spend $ 35 billion and $ 24 billion , respectively -LRB- though these figures probably underestimate expenditure , the true amount is certainly still far below the US -- level -RRB- .
That assessment is stunning , yet few American leaders -- Democrats and Republicans alike -- appear to be wondering if military power is the best answer to security issues .
Likewise , only by adopting such a strategy can the US start to compress the Pentagon 's inflated budget and begin to address its many domestic woes .
So far , few French people can see the sort of rupture that Sarkozy promised .
Wariness of America was , to be sure , not just a leftist pose ; many Gaullists over the decades have been tinged with anti-Americanism , too .
In the 1960 's , both Socialists and Centrists denounced de Gaulle 's `` anti-Americanism . ''
Indeed , the Socialists opposed de Gaulle 's decision to withdraw France from NATO 's unified military command , opposed the creation of an independent French nuclear arsenal -LRB- they preferred the American nuclear guarantee -RRB- , and were hostile to de Gaulle 's rupture with Israel after the Six Day War .
Sarkozy has now broken with this so-called `` Gaullist - Mitterrandist '' orientation , which was based on the persistence of a belief in French `` exceptionalism '' in the field of foreign affairs . This does not mean that Sarkozy 's France will toe the American line on all international issues .
Today , most of the African , Arab , and Asian countries blighted by the custom female genital mutilation are nonetheless signatories of the international conventions that condemn this practice , particularly the international Convention on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women and the international Convention on the Rights of the Child .
Should we patrol remote African villages with groups of human rights activists ?
Tradition can only be countered by creativity .
In doing so , we must be aware that the solution to genital mutilation of women can not be limited to this issue alone .
We need to reach into politics , because there will be no freedom for African , Arab , or Asian women without the advent of political democracy in their countries .
Those who want to join the Stop Female Genital Mutilation campaign carried out by AIDOS -LRB- Italian Association of Women for Development -RRB- , TAMWA -LRB- Tanzania Media Women 's Association -RRB- , and No Peace Without Justice can sign the petition by visiting www.stopfgm.org .
The answer to all these questions , of course , is : `` No , we can not . ''
An added benefit of internationalization would perhaps be to make clear to the current American Administration that withholding endorsement of the International Criminal Court is fundamentally against its own interests .
It could also facilitate the process of internationalizing the burden of rebuilding Iraq , which can not be shouldered entirely by the US and its allies .
The preconditions for the enjoyment of civil and political rights can not be built overnight .
Before elections can be freely and fairly held , huge efforts must be made to establish a truly open society in which all individuals and groups can express their political opinions .
Revealingly , the Vatican , knowing that it can not win , is currently campaigning strongly for mass abstention .
The Vatican 's stance on the Italian vote is emblematic of a broader threat to the very foundation of modern liberal democracy : the constitutional separation of Church and State .
We need mechanisms to address violations of moral or religious beliefs , but we can not place restrictions on individuals ' ability to contribute to the public welfare .
In Afghanistan , that so-called war has essentially been based on eradication campaigns and alternative livelihood projects , which have achieved only scant results .
Illicit Afghan networks , replicating well-known methods that organized crime has applied successfully for decades in other parts of the world , are mobile and resourceful , and can plug into a range of legal economic activities to sustain themselves .
As New York University 's Barnett Rubin , an expert on Afghan society , has put it : `` Afghanistan can not be stabilized while the most dynamic sector of its economy is illegal , nor if more than half of its economy is destroyed . ''
Moreover , the UN also estimates that there are 45 million people living with HIV\/AIDS in countries where health systems are either absent or very poor , and that over the next 20 years there will be some 10 million new cases of cancer in the developing world .
Without perseverance , there can be no progress .
Prime candidates are diplomacy and foreign policy -LRB- including development and humanitarian aid -RRB- , immigration , border control , some infrastructural projects with European-wide network effects , large-scale research and development projects , and regional re-distribution .
We agree that moving resources from one place to another can not be the raison d'être of a political entity .
Only specific governmental functions can .
As former members of our countries ' congresses we believe that it is time to create a North American Parliamentary Union -LRB- NAPU -RRB- to address the growing number of big issues that North America 's national governments have pushed to the sidelines .
Despite US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld 's snide reference to `` Old Europe , '' North Americans can learn much from the European Union and European Parliament .
Clearly , efforts to deepen North American political and economic integration will be an uphill battle .
Canada 's government has been more willing to approach North American issues on a bilateral basis than in a tri-national context ; furthermore , Canadians are preoccupied with the consequences and aftermath of SARS and mad cow disease , as well as anticipating a new government next year .
But his vision of a North American Free Trade Association -LRB- NAFTA -RRB- encompassing elements of social and political fusion with his North American counterparts was sidetracked by the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and by his political rivals ' recent successes at the polls .
Notwithstanding this , most Canadians and Mexicans believe that cooperation in North America will proceed regardless of who is in office in Ottawa , Washington , or Mexico City .
North America has largely ignored the significance of `` common , '' preferring to focus on `` market . ''
We have failed to understand that a North American Free Trade Area -LRB- NAFTA -RRB- that achieves its full potential can not be accomplished on the cheap .
Demand for low-cost Mexican labor by US employers and the 10-1 wage gap between the two countries pushes 350,000 Mexicans to risk their lives every year for better paid jobs north of the border .
Without Mexican manpower , much of the work in the US simply would not get done .
Inter-American issues can no longer be left subject to the whims and convenience of individual leaders .
But , unlike Venezuela and Nicaragua , where corruption scandals are a pox on political life , Morales has tried to govern `` cleanly '' and , for the most part , has succeeded .
This raises the old question about whether a currency union can work without a fiscal union , or at least stronger and more binding fiscal rules -LRB- the Maastricht deficit commitments are too easily breached -RRB- .
The two economic powers ' similarities and differences , particularly with respect to internal labor mobility , productivity , and fiscal policies , suggest why -- and provide clues about whether the eurozone can weather the crises on its periphery and evolve into a stable single-currency area .
That can not happen with a common currency , and economic adjustment is doubly difficult when labor is not mobile enough to help mitigate regional contractions in income and unemployment .
True , America 's original thirteen colonies were a loose federation , and many Americans considered themselves citizens of their state first and of the US second as late as a century after the Revolution .
By contrast , history is more commonly shared among Americans from different states , who , other than in the Civil War , have fought side by side in the nation 's external wars .
Finally , while fiscal systems differ among American states , the overall fiscal burden is under half that of the federal level .
American states and municipalities do face serious medium - and long-term fiscal challenges from underfunded pension and health-care systems , but citizens living in different states have a common national budget , whereas citizens of different eurozone countries face radically different central-government fiscal positions .
And it can survive .
After World War II , Americans migrated steadily to California , a land of opportunity , great natural beauty , and some of the world 's most fertile agricultural land .
And it can turn some of its short-term problems , such as the pressures arising from ethnic and linguistic diversity -LRB- the state is now 37 % Hispanic and 13 % Asian -RRB- into long-term strengths in the global economy .
A healthy democracy can not have half the population paying taxes and the other half collecting benefits .
Moreover , Harper 's victory follows the Republican Party 's resounding 2010 triumph in the United States ' mid-term election , a campaign largely fought on the size and scope of government , following the massive expansion of public spending in the wake of the financial crisis and recession .
The potential significance of these elections must be understood in the context not only of the recession and financial crisis , and the government interventions designed to deal with them , but also in the broader sweep of the historical evolution of these countries ' welfare states .
That is the broad lesson of history -- from the Reagan and Thatcher revolutions in the US and the UK , to Stephen Harper 's more recent experience , to the repeat performance that David Cameron and the Republicans in the US Congress are now trying to engineer .
The crisis affects non-Europeans too ; for example , concern over the exposure of American banks and money-market funds to troubled European banks is harming US financial markets .
But letting questionable banks gradually recapitalize themselves and resolving the bad debt later -- perhaps with European Brady Bonds -LRB- zero-coupon bonds which in the 1990 's enabled US banks and Latin American countries to agree to partial write-downs -RRB- -- wo n't work if the losses are too large or the recovery is too fragile .
Pretending that banks that passed modest stress tests can be kept open indefinitely with little collateral damage is wishful -- and dangerous -- thinking .
Nor did American government spending end the Great Depression -LRB- unemployment was still over 15 % in 1939 , a decade after the depression 's onset -RRB- .
The bottom line , though , is that better policies can at best mitigate the economic consequences of this horrible recession .
Policymakers will continue to throw whatever ammunition they can find at the problem , but it will take time for the deleveraging from the boom to run its course .
The administration is exploiting a crisis atmosphere to enact a vast agenda that would reengineer the American economy , from autos and financial services to health care , energy , and the distribution of income .
Unfortunately , the Obama administration 's decision to put the unions ahead of secured debt-holders in the orchestrated Chrysler bankruptcy risks rupturing the basic fabric of credit markets . But Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner 's much-ridiculed bank `` stress tests '' made sense -LRB- although one can argue that sufficiently dire scenarios were not included or that too much was negotiated with the banks , etc. -RRB- .
The American economy will likely return to growth late this year and next , especially with all the monetary and fiscal stimulus -LRB- growth would have initially been slower and then much stronger without it -RRB- , but it will still be an economy on a government lifeline .
Gradualism and profitability , and eventually US Brady bonds , worked in the Latin American debt crisis in the 1980 's .
In the US in the 1980 's , Democrats excoriated President Ronald Reagan on deficits ; Republicans now excoriate President Obama on his much larger deficits and debt .
Large deficits shift the bill for today 's consumption to future generations and can crowd out private investment , thereby slowing the improvement of living standards .
It will double in the US unless President Obama reverses course , as President Bill Clinton did when he and a Republican Congress balanced the budget .
And deficits can lead to inflation if central banks monetize the government debt , a serious concern in financial markets , as China has warned America .
Industrial policy is appealing to politicians who can favor key constituencies while claiming to be helping the economy as a whole .
But no policy makes sense if it can not be sustained without long-term government support .
Vast amounts of debt-financed spending will require higher future taxes , which will divert capital and labor from higher-value uses than can be sustained without permanent government lifelines .
Competition among localities -- for example , between states for businesses and workers , and between school districts for students -- can lead to more efficient and effective allocation of public resources .
Many believe that the reduction of local control over the schools as a result of the elimination of local financing has been a major contributor to the poor performance of some American schools .
The fundamental lessons of the Greek debt fiasco are not new : 1 -RRB- elected officials systematically ignore long-run costs to achieve short-run benefits ; 2 -RRB- they wait to act until they are forced ; 3 -RRB- government policies can not circumvent the laws of economics ; 4 -RRB- governments can not revoke the laws of arithmetic ; and 5 -RRB- budget policy is not merely accounting .
Future legislatures can not be completely bound by such rules unless they are embedded in constitutions .
Oregon physicians may write a prescription for a lethal substance on the explicit request of a terminally ill patient , provided they can confirm the fatal prognosis , the patient 's decision-making capacity , and have informed the patient about any feasible alternative such as hospice care or pain-control options .
What is happening at the moment could be described as a power struggle over who should be responsible for a service that more and more people wish to be available but where no amount of professional expertise can fully safeguard the right decision .
As Ukraine 's agonizing struggle for democracy continues , Europeans wonder if the politics of principle can ever eclipse the politics of power .
To countries on the receiving end , these conditions can seem like a subtle form of power politics , with Europe trying to impose its values on the world .
Countries can not expect economic and other benefits from the Union unless they meet its political standards .
Consider Africa , where the African Union is taking a leading role in resolving conflicts on the continent and is increasingly determined to intervene to halt aggression and assure fair play for African minorities .
Instead of playing the `` Great Power Game '' in Africa , the EU can support Africans ' own efforts and allow them to benefit from the Union 's experience .
Indeed , every member state can be expected to cling to its right to pursue an independent foreign policy for the foreseeable future .
On the contrary , fair play requires American power to back it up .
These are daunting tasks , and China can not address them alone .
But , in a global village , misperceptions can arise all too easily -- and can do great damage .
We count on China 's continued support for European and American efforts in making sure that Iran 's nuclear program remains limited to purely civilian purposes .
If we tackle our common problems together , China and Europe can be instrumental in turning the twenty-first century into a century of hope .
Non-committal multiculturalism has long kept the conservatism of Dutch Moroccans and Dutch Turks hidden from the public eye .
People who live in a society they hate , amidst people they despise , can not contribute to a shared future .
It can be given shape by , for example , training imams in Europe , by encouraging mosques to promote social cohesion in their neighborhoods , and by more active participation by Muslims in the public debate .
American law denies patients a property right in their tissue for reasons of economic policy .
However , given current European and American law , these claims require a novel legal underpinning in order to be valid and enforceable .
But , while the model is fair in a number of ways , it implies that parts of the human body can give rise to financial gain .
Contract model . Tissue can be removed only with donors ' prior consent . Thus , prior to giving their consent , tissue donors can negotiate acceptable compensation .
This model seems fair enough : if people can exploit such natural endowments as their beauty or scientific genius , then why not their tissue ?
But can any such government administer the country as a whole ?
The impact of this state of affairs can hardly be overestimated .
Gubernatorial elections this November will force Kurdish political contenders to offer opposing programs , and some candidates will seek electoral advantage via populist calls for independence .
At the same time , the protection that American forces offer Iraqi officials will diminish as troops are gradually withdrawn , and Iran will race to fill the security vacuum .
They have significant reasons for doubt .
The Chinese leadership has demonstrated many times that it can quell domestic dissent , but the unique scale of the Olympics will require round-the-clock vigilance .
Even if police are able to maintain order in Beijing , can they extend that control across the country ?
The Games will generate significant foreign-policy risks as well .
Amid bitter election-year debates over Iraq and Iran , and a souring economic outlook , Americans may be in no mood for the triumphalist pageantry of a new rising power on display in Beijing .
He and Premier Wen Jiabao have also championed a more `` harmonious '' society , because they understand that the growing wealth gap , social tensions , environmental and public health problems , and the Party 's tenuous relationship with China 's less advantaged people can no longer be neglected .
Every year , Africans living outside the continent send roughly $ 30 billion to family and friends back home .
These remittances are vitally important for economic stability in several African countries .
The country 's Orange opposition movement has recently won key posts in parliament and , for the moment , is heeding calls for calm from former United nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan and representatives of the African Union .
The continent 's third pillar , South Africa , will spend 2008 mired in an escalating political feud between Thabo Mbeki , the lame-duck president , and Jacob Zuma , a former deputy who is the newly elected leader of the ruling African National Congress and the leading candidate to succeed Mbeki , his bitter rival , next year .
South Africa 's courts have become a political battleground , as Mbeki and his allies use corruption charges to try to cripple Zuma 's candidacy .
Regional blocs like the Economic Community of West African States -LRB- ECOWAS -RRB- , the Southern African Customs Union -LRB- SACU -RRB- , and the East African Community -LRB- EAC -RRB- will eventually assume larger roles in helping resolve the continent 's most intractable diplomatic and economic problems .
Western and African observers charged that widespread vote-rigging had tainted the official result , and Nigeria 's Supreme Court has yet to rule on challenges to the election 's legality .
With so many challenges ahead , Nigeria can ill afford an ailing president .
The challenges facing US President Barack Obama as he tries to win support for risky and expensive policy options from quarrelsome Democrats and obstinate Republicans will create some tortured legislative compromises .
In Washington , many Democrats will use these policy debates to capitalize on popular fury at Wall Street , while many Republicans look for an opening to capitalize on hoped-for public anger at the Democrats .
Factions within the Russian , Indian , Mexican , and South African governments have their own competing political priorities .
And , while British Prime Minister Gordon Brown agrees with Obama that the world 's leading industrialized countries must stimulate their domestic economies as much as they can , Bank of England Governor Mervyn King has warned that Britain may already have taken on too much debt for another round of stimulus .
American populism will meet Chinese pride .
The US needs China to finance its mounting debt , and China needs Americans to buy its products .
As long as voters are worried about their wallets , Democrats and Republicans will compete to defend American workers .
But neither president can guarantee that recrimination and reproach will not take on a life of its own .
Most Americans care little about China 's currency policy or its stance on intellectual property rights .
The 2008 US presidential election was the last in which the overwhelming majority of American voters neither knew nor cared about where the candidates stood on China .
Greece 's troubles have encouraged some to wonder aloud if the euro zone can survive its growing internal imbalances .
After all , a significant change in policy direction within the euro zone 's biggest economy could have a much larger effect on the currency union than developments in Greece .
Both are volatile democracies where any political question can provoke not just intense debate , but also the threat of violence .
At times like these , the two countries ' similarities and differences can point Iraq 's leaders toward a stable democratic future .
Second , Lebanon 's leaders were reminded again this week that their country can be governed only with some degree of consensus among the major factions .
This system , which codifies Lebanon 's factionalism , remains a subject of much controversy , but , by ensuring that no group can govern at the expense of others , it also reinforces baseline stability in a country built atop powerful religious and ethnic fault lines .
Without opposition support , Lebanon 's government can do little more than manage the most basic day-to-day state functions , but the country is unlikely to relapse into civil war .
Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki will have to manage relations with firebrand Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr and his followers , who can provoke unrest in southern Iraq if they feel under-served .
But if Iraq 's leaders can create enough near-term stability to combine Lebanon 's openness and entrepreneurial energy with the revenue that comes from development of the country 's vast oil reserves -- an advantage that Lebanon 's leaders can only envy -- Iraq might one day offer citizens of neighboring states something they do n't have : a hopeful model for the future .
Now that it has , how far can the flames spread ?
Though satellite television , mobile phones , and online social networking can force some authoritarians to become more responsive to popular demands , governments can also use these technologies to identify and isolate threats , monitor communications among activists , and transmit messages of their own .
Or , when necessary , they can simply turn them off .
But King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa can continue to count on help from his deep-pocketed friends in Saudi Arabia , who are determined to prevent Bahrain 's unrest from spilling over into their country 's oil-rich Eastern Province , where most Saudi Shia live .
Outside of Libya , where violent stalemate could continue for some time , embattled North African regimes also will muddle through .
In Algeria , demonstrations have lost momentum , and President Abdelaziz Bouteflika can rely on his military to keep diehard activists in check .
On the contrary , the risks of extended political instability and further large-scale disruptions to Nigeria 's oil output will remain high , at a time when the world can least afford it .
The American and British governments , increasingly unpopular at home , desperately needed some tangible evidence of progress to assuage their domestic critics and to begin to speak openly of an exit strategy .
Bush waited weeks for a positive development that would allow him to suggest he can reduce troop levels in Iraq from 133,000 to 100,000 by the end of 2006 .
There is some reason for optimism that efforts to stem the tide of violence can succeed .
If they use the good news to begin withdrawing significant numbers of the foreign troops who bolster Iraq 's stability at a crucial and vulnerable moment , they will have undermined the project to which both have devoted so much political capital .
After conservative candidate Felipe Calderon was declared the winner by less than 1 % of the vote , his populist rival , Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , quickly claimed fraud .
This suggests that governing principles and sturdy political institutions , not powerful individuals , have become the bedrock of Mexican governance .
Many who supported Lopez Obrador 's candidacy do not support the post-election protests in his name .
Whatever the potential for a leftward shift this year in some Latin American countries , others , including Mexico , Chile , and Brazil , are clearly less vulnerable to the type of populist rule we 've seen in Venezuela and Bolivia .
Though Mexico 's election saga may continue to make headlines , its true significance is that it reveals just how politically sturdy a place Mexico has become .
A nuclear weapon is the ultimate guarantee that the United States can never do to Iran what it did to Iraq .
What , then , can the US do to undermine Iran 's position ?
American diplomats are never going to persuade the UN Security Council to impose sanctions on Iran 's energy exports .
But the Bush administration can seek ways to contain global energy prices -- and it should begin by refusing to be baited into escalating tensions whenever Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad pleases .
The US can undermine the Iranian regime by avoiding statements and actions that help drive energy prices higher and bolster Iran 's economy .
Washington can also press the Saudis , who control virtually all of the world 's spare capacity , to keep their output high to contain prices .
No one can stop Iran from threatening the Strait of Hormuz .
If they can significantly degrade the militia 's strength , or at least contain its influence within Baghdad 's Shi'a slums , the Iraqi government will have a somewhat better chance of developing a credible security force and Bush can claim some success .
American troops will eventually leave Iraq , and all the relevant parties -- the Maliki government , Shi'a militias , Sunni insurgents , Iran , and Iraq 's Sunni Arab neighbors -- know it .
Sadr can simply hold back and wait the Americans out .
It is unrealistic to expect Iraqi politicians to make substantial political sacrifices while their constituents are fighting Americans and one another .
Few Americans -- and therefore few US lawmakers -- have much confidence in Bush 's leadership on Iraq .
US actions will spark Iraqi criticism that Maliki is impotent or an American puppet , but those charges have already been made .
The more that US forces can degrade the Mahdi Army 's position and force Sadr into face-saving political moves , the weaker the militia will be relative to other forces in Iraq after US troops head home .
When Iraq falls apart , as now appears all but inevitable , the US will need as many friends in the region as it can get , particularly as the battle with Iran for regional influence and the conflict over its nuclear program intensifies .
Instead , North Korea 's willingness to resume negotiations partly reflects the Americans ' decision to stop insisting on the `` complete , verifiable , irreversible dismantlement '' of North Korea 's nuclear program as a pre-condition for talks on normalizing relations .
The Bush administration has accepted that North Korea is a nuclear power and that outsiders can do little about it , so the United States has shifted its diplomatic stance from the hard-line Japanese approach to the more flexible and stability-oriented Chinese position .
The Chinese ca n't force Kim to disarm fully , but they can persuade him to negotiate with a now more flexible US .
Moreover , Republicans are getting in on the act .
But the chances are slim that sanctions , whether targeted or otherwise , can undermine the consensus within Iran in favor of the nuclear program .
To preserve the appearance that their meddling is benign , senior military officers probably know that they can not afford to install another general as president .
She must build on her domestic support , but she can rely on economic and security cooperation with America to safeguard the country 's stability .
The Bush administration can therefore enthusiastically back a return to civilian rule and claim a much-needed victory for democracy in a Muslim country .
A full-scale invasion might well provoke Iraq 's own Kurdish guerrillas into a prolonged and bloody battle with Turkish forces that can only undermine support for Erdogan 's government at home and abroad .
Furthermore , the Turkish military can increase the pressure on Iraqi Kurds with far less drastic measures . It can close the two countries ' principal border crossing , an important route for food , fuel , and other goods headed for Iraqi Kurds .
I think we can now say that for C. elegans .
So , when technology permits -LRB- and I think it can and will -RRB- , why do n't we work directly on humans ?
We can prove that we understand the genetic structure of a human disease by synthesizing the same disease in a mouse .
Europe can not afford a dogfight between these two founding member states , so it 's high time to put emotions aside and review their differences on the future course of European integration .
As a former Dutch State Secretary for European Affairs and Benelux Coordinator , I believe that the Netherlands and Belgium can once again play complementary roles .
The coming period could thus be used in both countries to review traditional positions and reflect on how European policy can best serve their common needs .
After all , the three largest EU states -- Germany , Britain , and France -- can be expected to seek agreements among themselves about the Union 's future shape , so the Benelux countries ' common goal should be to influence their actions and ensure that their thinking is acceptable to the whole community .
The new strategy that US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has been promoting to staunch the upward trend of narco-trafficking-related murders -- which leaked Mexican government reports put at more than 22,000 since late 2006 -- is to build `` stronger , more resilient communities . ''
Ciudad Juárez , a sprawling Mexican border town that is now the homicide capital of the world , would have to be high on the list .
Four bridges and innumerable tunnels and drainage canals connect Ciudad Juárez and El Paso , Texas .
Mexican President Felipe Calderón has , in this respect , remained faithful to the script written in previous theaters in the drug war , whether in Bolivia , Colombia , or Peru , where governments have used military force and extradition to placate the US and punish those with the least voice and influence .
Three former Latin American presidents , Mexico 's second richest man , Ricardo Salinas , and the Supreme Court of Argentina , among others , have criticized the war on drugs as a manifest failure that has lowered street prices , fueled production , and undermined weak states .
The past three US presidents , furthermore , have all admitted to consuming -- to one extent or another -- illegal psychoactive substances , while seven million Americans , according to the United Nations , are regular cocaine users .
Interviewed by the Mexican magazine Proceso this year , the second-in-command of the giant Sinaloa cartel , Ismael Zambada , made the point clearly : `` The narco problem involves millions of people .
The capos can be jailed , killed , or extradited , but their replacements are already wandering around . ''
The emergence of Latin America 's powerful drug mafias can not be traced to the radical evil of certain individuals .
Aside from adaptation , Africa can also play a role in mitigating climate change through more sustainable forest and land management .
Although this represents a small fraction of the effort needed from industrialized countries to fulfill the Kyoto Protocol 's goals by 2012 , it would help significantly in improving forest and land use in Africa .
Europe , in particular , can demonstrate its commitment to mitigating climate change and promoting economic development in Africa by filling its 1 % quota of credits from reforestation projects .
The third change would eliminate a perverse rule , by which parties to CDM contracts can liquidate forests to buy replacement credits .
All parties to the Kyoto Protocol , including African nations , have a unique opportunity to influence the post-2012 debate and defend the inclusion of land-use projects in the emerging carbon market .
The judge and his team visited the five N'Djamena jails , including one in the presidential compound , where Habré 's American-trained political police systematically tortured prisoners .
Rather , the case shows that long-arm laws like Belgium 's , properly applied , can be an important tool to curtail the impunity of the perpetrators of atrocities as well as provide a forum for their victims .
Contrary to the blame games being played out in the US , Iran can not be accused of an unrestrained aggressive stance toward Iraq .
But President Bush can not promote democracy in Iraq by cynically sacrificing it in Ukraine .
These aspirations can be used to encourage Kiev to turn toward the West and democracy .
To clinch this deal , the Regions would dump their unelectable leader , Viktor Yanukovich , as their presidential candidate and adopt Yushchenko as their standard bearer .
Although Yushchenko seems unable to save himself politically , Europe can help both him and Ukraine 's democracy .
Yushchenko can yet secure an honorable place in history if , instead of undermining and obstructing Tymoshenko at every turn , he supports her anti-corruption initiatives and constitutional reform , the latter aimed at bringing Ukraine 's political system closer to Europe 's parliamentary democracies as well as to facilitate Ukraine 's European integration .
Reconciling Hamas and Fatah GAZA\/JERUSALEM -- As representatives of Hamas and Fatah meet for the fourth round of national unity talks in Cairo , not only Palestinians but also Americans and Europeans will be watching closely .
In the meantime , voices on the Israeli right have threatened to respond to a UN vote by immediately canceling the 1993 Oslo Accords .
State-building efforts have reformed previously defunct Palestinian institutions , and have enabled significant economic growth .
While the Security Council would be able to grant legally binding membership status , a vote in the General Assembly would simply upgrade a Palestinian entity to the status of a `` non-member state '' -- like the Vatican .
Because reforms can become part of `` our '' heritage , traditional conservatives can adapt to change , even taking credit for negotiating the connection between past and future .
The virtue of their `` party '' or clique needs no complex justification : it stands for `` American values , '' while critics merely provide an `` objective apology '' for the `` enemies of freedom . ''
Neo-conservatism thus can not be reduced to advocacy of the free market or right-wing populism , since its ideological specificity consists in the fusion of these contradictory outlooks .
It was clear to many that Islamic fundamentalism was not comparable to communism , and , particularly in Iraq , military leaders saw the dangers in stretching American forces too thin .
For the neo-conservative enterprise , 9\/11 helped create a new context for linking the quest for American hegemony abroad with intense nationalism -- and an even more intense assault on the welfare state -- at home .
That strategy 's popular appeal will not end with the Bush administration , because neo-conservatism feeds on a set of public fears that are deeply rooted in American history .
Changing that will require not merely confronting a new ideological outlook , but also deciding which policies reflect what is best about the American political tradition .
But none of these steps , taken alone or together , can bring about the ends that their often well-intentioned advocates seek .
Meanwhile , French troops , with the support of other European Union members -- notably Austria , Belgium , Ireland , Poland , Romania , and Sweden -- are now deployed for putatively humanitarian reasons in the Central African Republic and Chad , where they have already clashed with Sudanese government forces .
The assumption is that only real pressure will finally force Sudan 's government to embrace the United Nations-African Union peacekeeping force , negotiate with the West , disband the feared Janjaweed militia , allow refugees from the country 's brutal civil war to return to their villages , and make peace with Southern rebels .
Darfur is hardly a high priority for China , which accounts for 20 % of African trade , and buys 60 % of Sudan 's oil .
When our ancestors moved out of the African forest onto the savannah more than a million years ago , they rapidly became effective predators .
Sharing prey with pre-existing carnivores , they acquired tapeworms that originally inhabited only hyenas , large cats , and African hunting dogs .
The information about Costa Rican deer ticks comes from an inventory of parasites of vertebrates in northern Costa Rica , but it is the only inventory of its kind ever undertaken .
Rapid identification using genetic `` bar codes '' can increase the rate of discovering species and determining the transmission dynamics of potential EID 's .
Today 's Middle East is very different from the old one in many significant ways .
On the other side of the divide , Iran and its allies have put forward the banners of jihad and `` resistance . '' Their platform includes : Islamist revolution in every country ; Iran as the region 's dominant state , backed up by nuclear weapons ; no peace with Israel and no Palestinian state until there can be an Islamist one encompassing all of Israel -LRB- as well as the West Bank and Gaza Strip -RRB- ; and the expulsion of Western influence from the region .
Moreover , no deal can be made with Hamas .
The candidate who came in first , with two-thirds of the vote , was Abd al-Mahir Ghuneim , who is increasingly being spoken of as Abbas 's successor . Ghuneim is an unrepentant hardliner and an open opponent of the Oslo agreement , much less of a negotiated peace agreement with Israel .
Indeed , far from being an electoral revolution , only two of those elected -- Barghouti and Muhammad Shtayyeh , who has headed PECDAR , the Palestinian agency that promotes transparency and economic development -- can be considered at all critical of the Fatah establishment .
There are several individuals in the new leadership who have many Israeli contacts , and who can pick up a phone and call or be called by their Israeli counterparts .
In other words , it is a group with which Israel can work on status quo issues , though not on a comprehensive agreement .
There is a sort of beauty in this predicament : if we act wisely , we can tackle both crises at once .
We can not break that dependence overnight . Yet we recognize that continuing to pour trillions of dollars into carbon-based infrastructure and fossil-fuel subsidies is like investing in sub-prime real estate .
If we work together , guided by a sense of urgency and common destiny , these negotiations can help steer the ship of the global economy toward less turbulent , greener waters and into a safe harbor .
But it requires us to put in place a new climate change agreement now -- one that all countries can accept .
For example , with the right investments , tropical countries could significantly reduce emissions from the forestry sector while also creating green jobs .
The natural instinct of many is still , as in the past , to look at the American economy , towering over the rest of the world with its $ 14 trillion GDP , as the engine of global recovery .
An increasingly uncompetitive civilian industry , the burden of military commitments overseas , wage stagnation : all signal that the American titan may be wearying .
The alternative to a world in which America guarantees global prosperity and stability within a liberal order is one of increasing conflict , replete with mercantilism , protectionism , and currency wars .
Only a multilateral settlement among all major actors can ensure a smoothly working global order -- a cause advanced in late 2008 , when the technical G-20 forum was quickly upgraded to a full summit in charge of global governance .
But can the G-20 deliver on its promise ?
Of course , Clinton added , these technologies are not an unmitigated blessing , and can be misused for darker purposes .
And that means that we can count on more surprises in store for states .
Despite the recent return to Russia of the icon of Our Lady of Kazan that once hung in John Paul 's bedroom , relations between the Vatican and the Patriarchate remain strained .
This positive spirit can be nurtured by Russia 's government , which usually has cordial relations with the Vatican .
Indeed , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has many projects for which he thinks the Vatican can be of help , particularly in advancing the cause of reconciliation and creating a `` partnership between civilizations . ''
Recently , another key Vatican figure , Cardinal Walter Casper , the head of the Council for Christian Unity , called for a Catholic-Orthodox high level meeting that would address unifying both branches of Christianity .
In his public speeches , Casper more than once suggested that the Vatican considers Christian unification its main goal , and -- most important from the Orthodox perspective -- that `` unity does not have to mean sameness . ''
In both Rome and Moscow , there is growing hope that a road to Christian unity can be built , but it is increasingly clear that the road can be completed only by passing through Berlin .
His natural allies elsewhere on the left can not provide a majority .
For once , the IMF can not be accused of inaction .
What can Lula do ?
Argentina 's collapse -LRB- its GDP will drop by around 12 % this year -RRB- is a terrible warning of what can happen if Lula takes a wrong step .
At a time when voter apathy and corruption are commonplace across Latin America , Brazilians demonstrated that politics can be relevant and exciting .
Lula is sceptical that the FTAA can serve Brazil 's interests and would prefer to boost MERCOSUL , the customs union linking Brazil with its neighbors .
But contagion from Argentina 's crisis has undermined MERCOSUL and Argentina 's commitment to the regional project can not be assured after next year 's presidential elections in that country .
The country 's establishment was blamed for duplicity in the American war effort in Afghanistan , backing both sides -- the United States and the Taliban -- at the same time .
The records contained firsthand accounts of the anger felt by Americans at the ISI 's unwillingness to confront the insurgents , in particular those who were attacking US and NATO troops near the Pakistani border .
The ISI seemed to be keeping its lines of communications open to some Taliban in the hope that they could be used as a reserve force in case of another military confrontation with India or a precipitous American withdrawal from Afghanistan .
Lt. Gen. Ahmad Shuja Pasha , the head of the ISI , canceled his planned visit to London , where he was to discuss intelligence matters , while the civilian leadership seemed to dither .
These deepening crises on several fronts -- some attributed to poor governance -- raise the question once again as to whether Pakistan can sustain its democracy .
Only a politician who has the support of major constituencies can hope to restore political order and economic health , and Musharraf is presenting himself as a candidate whom the military might support .
It also realizes that Pakistan can be effectively governed only if its leaders have the support of other important constituencies . These include the large and growing middle class , which has a strong presence in Punjab 's many large cities -- where Nawaz 's Muslim League governs .
It remains uncommitted to the idea of denying sanctuaries on its territory to Taliban fighters battling American and NATO troops in Afghanistan .
But a significant transfer of power from the presidency to parliament , or from the central to provincial governments , has yet to be brought about .
Even though the US offered $ 2 billion of assistance to the military to be disbursed over a period of 3-5 years , Kayani has resisted American pressure to move against the Taliban 's sanctuary in North Waziristan , used to stage operations against US and NATO troops in southern and eastern Afghanistan .
As India in the 1990 's and Brazil in the early 2000 's showed , economies in deep distress can recover quickly once the right policies are implemented .
Indeed , serious questions are now being raised as to whether the country can survive in its present form .
I repeated the conversation to Singh , who explained that in a democracy such as India , a great deal of work needs to be done with the members of the coalition and the senior bureaucracy before the prime minister can travel to Pakistan . `` Musharraf is a military leader ; he needs only to pack his bags and head this way . ''
That question can not be answered without knowing definitively where Pakistan stands in regard to Islamist terrorism .
The Americans began returning to Pakistan until , in 1998 , the Pakistani government decided to follow India in testing an atomic bomb . This led to the imposition of US sanctions -- and America 's third exit from Pakistan .
The dynamic that has brought Pakistan-US relations to this point arguably began on December 1 , 2009 , when President Barack Obama , announcing a surge in the number of US troops in Afghanistan , also indicated his intention to start pulling back American troops beginning in July 2011 -- a pledge that he reiterated two months ago .
But the Haqqanis were also the group that threatened the Americans the most . The US pressed Pakistan to move against them .
So there is no question that the invitation to the New York Philharmonic was meant to burnish the prestige of a regime , ruled by The Dear Leader , Kim Jong-Il , whose standing is so low -- even in neighboring China -- that it needs all the burnishing it can get .
But could he possibly be right ? No one , not even Maazel , pretends that one concert by a great Western orchestra can blow a dictatorship away , but authoritarians ' wariness of the subversive power of music dates back to Plato 's Republic .
Until a few years ago , the one TV program most Mexicans turned to for political information was called The Morning Quickie , broadcast from 6-10 a.m.
It was Brozo the Clown who exposed a major corruption scandal in the office of a former Mexico City mayor .
While staid TV pundits ask the usually vapid questions during presidential debates in the United States , candidates know that the really important thing is to get laughs on the comedy shows of David Letterman or Jay Leno .
And , for several years , American liberals have looked to Jon Stewart , another comic talent , for critical political commentary .
Europeans like to sneer at American political jamborees as being hopelessly vulgar .
In fact , democracy demands a degree of showmanship and pizzazz ; politicians need to appeal to the mass of voters , and not just to an elite , which can afford to ignore hoi polloi .
This is dangerous , because such sentiments can end in disgust with liberal democracy itself .
Although none of the aspiring candidates for the US presidency can match him in terms of zaniness , similar trends are plain to see .
In some ways , Obama 's candidacy illustrates the problems facing our democracies today .
The Empire of Human Rights NEW YORK -- Why are French , British , and American warships , but not Chinese or Malaysian warships , sitting near the Burmese coast loaded with food and other necessities for the victims of Cyclone Nargis ?
They can definitely do more . ''
So , are Europeans and Americans simply more compassionate than Asians ?
Democratic governments are hampered by lobby groups , special interests , public opinion , party politics , and so forth , while Asian autocrats can make unpopular but necessary decisions .
One can only hope that this crack of freedom will widen in time .
It is hard for Americans , whose `` world series '' are essentially domestic affairs , to understand the emotions engendered in European citizens when their nations compete for the European soccer championship every four years .
These feelings can be festive , even carnival-like , as they were in Euro 2008 .
But they can contain something darker , more aggressive , too , especially when sporting combat is loaded with historical memory .
Older Germans can still remember their famous victory over a superb Hungarian team in 1954 .
Who would have predicted thirty years ago that British soccer fans would have cheered for a London team full of Africans , Latin Americans , and Spaniards , coached by a Frenchman ?
Corsicans would love to be rid of France , and many Scots of Britain .
George Santayana famously warned that `` those who can not learn from history are doomed to repeat it . ''
Sometimes too much attention paid to the past can lead us badly astray .
Out of the ashes of war a new kind of Europe arose , as did a new kind of Japan , which even had a pacifist constitution -LRB- written by idealistic Americans , but gratefully accepted by most Japanese -RRB- .
Europeans and Japanese depend on American military power for their security , but often do n't like the way the US uses it .
Like permanent adolescents , Europeans and Japanese crave the security of the great American father , and deeply resent him at the same time .
The Americans -LRB- after initial reluctance -RRB- had to do the dirty work .
Now Georgia and the Ukraine would like to expect that Europeans and Americans would shed blood to defend them against Russia .
But , instead of choosing , major European countries , such as Germany , have dithered , first dangling NATO membership as a juicy carrot , and then withdrawing the offer , leaving the Americans to indulge in heroic rhetoric without the necessary follow-through .
All this is making the Western alliance look incoherent , and , despite its vast wealth and American military power , strangely impotent .
They can remain dependent on US protection and stop complaining , or they can develop the capacity to defend Europe , however they wish to define it , by themselves .
American presidential candidates pretend to run against `` Washington '' even when they are the sons of former presidents .
He is young , handsome , smart , inspiring , educated , cosmopolitan , and above all , he promises a radical change from the most unpopular American administration in history .
And yet , there is something odd about the European mania for a black American politician , even as we all know that a black president or prime minister -LRB- let alone one whose middle name is Hussein -RRB- is still unthinkable in Europe .
Europeans have long been hospitable to black American stars .
Cities like Paris , Copenhagen , and Amsterdam offered refuge to black American jazz musicians , who needed a break from institutionalized racism .
Since there were only very few black people in Europe , the adoration of black American stars came easily .
It made Europeans feel superior to Americans .
The other reason for the European love affair with Obama is that he is seen as something more than an American .
Unlike McCain , the all-American war hero , Obama looks like a citizen of the world .
Republican populists have long tried to depict their Democratic opponents , often with great success , as `` un-American '' elitists , intellectuals , and the kind of guys who speak French -- in short , `` Europeans . ''
Watching the economic rise of China , Russia , and India , and the American debacles in the Middle East , it was tempting to believe that US power really did not count for very much anymore .
A multi-polar world , many thought , would be vastly preferable to more Pax Americana .
But I do not believe that the American dream has died in Europe quite yet .
As long as this is so , the US , as primus inter pares , can still be looked up to as the defender of our freedoms .
African dictators might do dreadful things but somehow they did not meet with condemnation from many European intellectuals , for criticism implied cultural arrogance .
In the end , the only thing that can truly damage European values is Europe 's response to its non-Muslim majority .
Rarely in the history of American politics has a small number of bookish intellectuals had so much influence on foreign policy as the neo-cons had under Bush and his vice president , Dick Cheney , neither of whom are noted for their deep intellectual interests .
Writing for such journals as The Weekly Standard , and using the pulpits of think tanks , such as the American Enterprise Institute , neo-cons offered an intellectual boost to the invasion of Iraq .
The logic of the American mission to spread freedom around the globe -- rooted , it was argued , in US history since the Founding Fathers -- demanded nothing less .
Even if , by some miracle , Iraq were to evolve into a stable , harmonious , liberal democratic state , the price already paid in -LRB- mostly Iraqi -RRB- blood and -LRB- mostly American -RRB- treasure is already too high to justify the kind of revolutionary military intervention promoted by the neo-cons .
Watered down by the compromises without which liberal democracies can not thrive , socialism did a great deal of good in Western Europe .
They believed that aggressive promotion of democracy abroad was not only moral , and in the American tradition , but in the national interest as well .
Liberals , too , can agree that Islamist terrorism , for instance , is linked to the lack of democracy in the Middle East .
Recent American policies have given the promotion of democracy a bad name .
In China , and other remaining areas of Asian authoritarianism , it has become customary , even among some self-professed `` liberals , '' to argue that democracy may be fine for Europeans and Americans , but is unsuited to Asian conditions .
A liberal-democratic China may not come soon , but after Charter 08 no one can deny that many Chinese desperately want it .
This is because the Chinese Communist Party 's monopoly on power can be justified only by continued rapid economic growth , without which workers and farmers will lose their jobs , and the urban middle classes their chance of increasing prosperity .
But if this arrangement collapses , and increasing material prosperity can no longer be taken for granted , many things could happen -- few of them pleasant .
Japan was never formally colonized , but it , too , felt the West 's dominance , at least since the 1850 's , when American ships laden with heavy guns forced the country to open its borders on Western terms .
NEW YORK -- Bishop Richard Williamson has some very peculiar , and frankly odious , views : that no Jews were murdered in gas chambers during World War II ; that the Twin Towers were brought down by American explosives , not by airplanes , on September 11 , 2001 ; and that Jews are fighting to dominate the world `` to prepare the anti-Christ 's throne in Jerusalem . ''
On questions of Roman Catholic doctrine , his views were considered so out of line with the modern Church that the Vatican excommunicated him in 1988 , along with other members of the ultra-conservative Society of St. Pius X , founded by the fascist sympathizer Marcel Lefebvre .
Words used by young black men among themselves in American cities would have a very different resonance if young white men used them .
Let them speak , so that they can be judged , not in court , but by contrary opinions .
They have just been published in English and Chinese , but can not be legally distributed in China .
History may never repeat itself precisely , but certain patterns can be discerned .
Demonstrations alone almost never topple a regime , but they can do so in combination with other political shifts , which can happen suddenly . When East Germans protested against their Communist autocrats in 1989 , they were not assured of success either .
Although Iranian citizens had the right to elect their president , the candidates had to be vetted by the Council of Guardians , half of whom were picked by the unelected Supreme Leader .
The only candidates allowed to run were men with impeccable religious credentials , loyal to a regime whose most important decisions are made by unelected clerics .
Some radical leftist Muslims , obsessed with their opposition to Western `` imperialism '' and Israel , saluted Mousavi 's defeat , for , as one such activist put it , `` the -LRB- anti-Zionist -RRB- resistance can not afford a pro-American velvet revolution . ''
Communists always had a tendency to dismiss the differences between candidates in liberal democracies -LRB- let alone `` managed '' ones -RRB- . They were just different faces of the same rotten system .
What are opposition candidates to do when they are asked to take part in elections that they know they can not win , or that , even when they can win , will give them only minimal authority ?
And , because democracy is about institutions as much as about individual candidates , it is also good for citizens to exercise their right to vote .
Then , when real change does occur , no one can claim that the people `` are not ready for it . ''
Although their options were limited , many of them had enough confidence that the reformist candidate would not only get elected , but also make life a little better .
Mousavi 's campaign , and its aftermath , showed clearly that those who professed to see no difference between the candidates , except in style and presentation , were wrong : even if the election was rigged , the voices of opposition to clerical authoritarianism were heard .
Terror can prolong the agony , but in the end an illegitimate regime is doomed .
The complexities of black anger , white guilt , and of black , and white fear , are so vexed that most Americans prefer not to talk about race at all .
It is probably true that many white policemen , even if they are trained to avoid racial profiling , as Sgt. Crowley was , need to be convinced that a black man can be at home in one of the finer houses of Cambridge , or any other American city .
Only real aficionados of arcane moves inside the ruling party could be bothered to follow the ups and downs of factional bosses , many of whom were from established political families , and most of whom relied on shady financing .
Corruption scandals erupted from time to time , but these , too , were usually part of intra-party maneuvers to rein in politicians who got too big for their britches , or who tried to grab power before their time .
The fact that many prominent Jewish intellectuals in Europe and the United States -- often , like Kouchner , with a leftist past -- are sympathetic to the idea of using American armed force to further the cause of human rights and democracy in the world , may derive from the same wellspring .
And by no means do all those who work to protect the rights of others invoke the horrors of the Third Reich to justify Anglo-American armed intervention .
The refusal of many Muslims to integrate into Western societies , as well as high levels of unemployment and ready access to revolutionary propaganda , can easily explode in acts of violence .
But Israel can mean different things to different people .
Roman Polanski 's American Dream
Roman Polanski 's American Dream NEW YORK -- What purpose is Switzerland serving by jailing the renowned Franco-Polish film director Roman Polanski on a 30-year-old warrant ?
So the reason to pursue the case now can have nothing to do with the rights or feelings of the victim .
The former culture minister , Jack Lang , said the `` American system of justice had run amok . '' He added that it was like `` an infernal machine '' that advances `` blindly . ''
The Americans , and to an extent the British , sometimes pay a different kind of tribute to famous artists .
But Arbuckle 's career was ruined , the victim of an ambitious prosecutor and a popular press that made money out of scandals .
The great French observer of American democracy , Alexis de Tocqueville , saw this face of American democracy in the 1830 's , noting that `` Americans are so enamored of equality that they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom . ''
The price for American-style democracy , he wrote , was artistic mediocrity and public conformity .
Americans can be generous . And he would then be free to go wherever he likes in the remaining years of his life .
The way it looks now , liberals , in the `` progressive '' American sense of the word , may actually have been among the losers of 1989 .
Their promotion of American military force as the strong arm of democracy may have been misguided , crude , arrogant , ignorant , naïve , and deeply dangerous , but it was indisputably idealistic .
His efforts to provide better healthcare for Americans , for example , is not so much an innovation , as an attempt to catch up with arrangements which most Europeans and Japanese have long taken for granted .
While demonstrations of collective identity have not entirely disappeared , they are largely confined to football stadiums , where celebration -LRB- and disappointment -RRB- can quickly boil over in violence and resentment .
The best we can hope for is that liberal democracies will muddle through this period of unease -- that demagogic temptations will be resisted , and violent impulses contained .
American populism is not the same as Thai populism .
In cyberspace , anyone can have his or her say .
After endorsing a military coup to get rid of Thaksin , the yellow-shirts of Bangkok can hardly blame the red-shirts for using undemocratic tactics to force the current government to step down .
American liberals , too , are often guilty of sneering at the tastes and habits of their provincial countrymen .
Life in peaceful times can be dull , and British glory seems a long way in the past .
It would be hard for Americans , who are neither very good at soccer , nor cursed by great historical hatreds , to share the joy of the Dutch , say , when the Germans were defeated in 1988 , or that of the Koreans when they defeat Japan .
The tribe can be a club , a clan , or a nation .
The French football heroes who won the World Cup in 1998 included men of African and Arab origin , and they were proud of it .
But the fact that sport can unleash primitive emotions is not a reason to condemn it .
Since such feelings can not simply be wished away , it is better to allow for their ritual expression , just as fears of death , violence , and decay find expression in religion or bull fighting .
But what about the Asian success stories , in Japan , Korea , and other places under American protection ?
As he put it to the Kansas City veterans : `` Will today 's generation of Americans resist the allure of retreat , and will we do in the Middle East what the veterans in this room did in Asia ? ''
In Japan , former war criminals were released from prison , `` reds '' were purged , and right-wing governments led by some of those same former war criminals got enthusiastic American backing .
Democracy , instead of being nurtured , was distorted , with active American encouragement , to make sure the right stayed in power and the left was kept at bay .
South Koreans certainly have much to thank the Americans for .
But the heroes of democracy were Asian , not American .
Too much dependence on American power has warped the development of Japanese democracy in ways that are not always sufficiently recognized by the US .
During their occupation of Japan in the 1940 's , Americans wrote a new pacifist constitution , which made the use of Japanese military force abroad unconstitutional .
It was an arrangement that suited everyone : the Japanese became rich , the Americans had a compliant anti-communist vassal state , and other Asians , even Communist China , preferred Pax Americana to a revival of Japanese military clout .
The Great American Tea Party
NEW YORK -- Who were those flag-waving , cheering , hollering , singing , and praying Americans who gathered in Washington DC on the last Saturday in August at a rally to `` restore the honor '' of the United States ?
The main organizer and speaker was Glenn Beck , the right-wing populist radio and TV personality , who promised to restore not only the nation 's honor , but `` American values , '' too .
This latest surge of American populism is financed by some extremely wealthy men , including a couple of oil billionaires named David and Charles Koch , who favor cutting taxes for the super-rich and abolishing government subsidies for the poor , such as Social Security and President Barack Obama 's health-care plan .
No doubt quite a few of them would have trouble paying the astronomical costs of American health-care bills without government assistance .
To them , `` socialism '' means `` European '' , or simply `` un-American . ''
It is possible that many Americans are still so convinced that anyone who works hard will end up rich that they will support anything that favors billionaires .
Rural Americans , living on the vast plains , uprooted and isolated from the outside world , have a history of expressing their longing for community and mystical identity by gathering in large numbers in churches and tents , listening to the grand statements of charismatic hucksters .
Underlying Beck 's `` non-partisan '' preacher 's talk about restoring American honor and values was a message that everyone in the crowd understood : such un-American elements as the liberal elites in New York and Washington , Democrats , and other God-less socialists had robbed America of its honor and values .
Obama , he said , believes in `` liberation theology , '' which means that he must be a `` socialist , '' thus un-American .
This is also what Palin means when she tells her Tea Party crowds that they are the `` real Americans , '' implying that all Americans who disagree with her views are not .
The success of the Tea Party movement has made many Democrats -LRB- and some sober Republicans -RRB- nervous .
John F. Kennedy was good at selling the American dream . Lyndon B. Johnson had the common touch of rural Texas .
The Tea Party movement -- an economic agenda for the rich masquerading as the salvation of God-fearing white Americans -- knows that all too well .
As the warm welcome given to Hillary Clinton on her recent swing through Asia -- even in communist Vietnam -- appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China .
This can not be what China wants .
For the first time in almost 200 years , China can really throw its weight around , and it will do what it wants , regardless of what other countries may think .
But the fact that some young people of African , South Asian , or Middle Eastern descent feel so alienated in the European countries of their birth that they are happy to murder their fellow citizens in the name of a revolutionary religious ideology , means that something is amiss .
The same is true of Mexicans working in the US , often illegally .
All the demonstrators can do is hold up signs , bang drums , chant slogans , and show solidarity just by turning up .
Palestinians who might wish to make similar claims on properties in West Jerusalem can not do so .
Children can no longer go to their schools .
When American diplomats complained about Jewish settlers ' forcible intrusion into Palestinian neighborhoods , Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu responded that Jerusalem was not a settlement , but the capital of Israel .
This implies that Jews can push farther and farther into East Jerusalem , as well as build settlements on Palestinian territories around the city , which Israel now claims to be part of Jerusalem .
Sometimes , the wrong friends can be useful .
The longer Israel , cheered on by the wrong European friends , continues to humiliate the Palestinians and occupy their lands , the more likely it will be that hatred and violence will stand in the way of compromise , without which there can be no peace .
Religious organizations can mobilize people in opposition to corrupt , oppressive rulers .
They can not be , because religious authority demands obedience to divine power , which by definition is not open to rational challenge .
But this does not mean that political parties whose programs are based on religious faith can not be democratic .
These feelings can inspire religious faith , or even horrific violence perpetrated in the name of faith .
But we have seen what can happen when democratic aspirations are thwarted out of fear of religious radicalism .
During the Cold War , dictators benefitted from American largesse as long as they were anti-Communist -LRB- `` our bastards '' -RRB- .
Operation Iraqi Freedom , not to mention Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan , gave American efforts to promote democracy a terrible name .
So far , anti-American rhetoric has been remarkably muted in the uprisings sweeping the Middle East .
Armed Anglo-American intervention , especially if it is not sanctioned by the United Nations , would do much to undermine liberals and democrats , who need all the credibility they can get .
There may be things that Western powers can do to alleviate the suffering , by offering aid to refugees , for example , or use the latest technology to keep lines of information open .
But American hawks want what most opposition leaders in Libya have expressly rejected .
But can religion also be a force for good ?
But Buddhism has been a religion in different parts of Asia for many centuries , and , like any other belief , it can be used to justify violent acts .
And no one can deny the religious authority of Pope John Paul II as a spur to Poland 's rebellion against Communist dictatorship in the 1980 's .
Despite the horrific violence of Islamist fanatics , it should not be forgotten that the mosque can also be a legitimate basis for resistance against the mostly secular dictatorships in the Middle East today .
In a world of political oppression and moral corruption , religious values offer an alternative moral universe . This alternative is not necessarily more democratic , but it can be .
Moreover , charismatic leadership can be problematic even when it takes a benign form .
One thing to be said for monarchs is that they provide people with a sense of continuity , which can be useful in times of crisis or radical change .
If monarchs can teach their subjects to do so , then let us give at least one cheer for the remaining kings and queens .
Military action can cause more violence , and more civilian deaths .
This is especially true of intervention in civil wars , where the sides can not easily be divided into victims and aggressors , good and evil .
If a large democracy , with a majority Muslim population , can join the EU , it will be easier to accept French , British , Dutch , or German Muslims as fellow Europeans , too .
Such a process can not be forced on people .
But neither Breivik , nor the terrorists of September 11 , 2001 , killed without reason , in the way some nihilistic American shooters do . Islamists view their acts of random mass murder not as a personal publicity stunt , but as a tactic in a holy war against the decadent , sinful West .
Anything can trigger such an act : rejection by a girl , being fired from a job , failing an examination .
Indeed , Breivik 's interpretation of their words is , in an odd way , more rational than the idea that a war for our very survival can be fought with words alone .
In the past , most American leftists would have regarded the war in Afghanistan as a neo-imperialist venture .
The response to 9\/11 and to Dominique Strauss-Kahn 's recent encounter with an African chambermaid in a New York hotel have very little in common , except for one thing : once again , cultural conflict was invoked in a misleading way .
Since Americans ca n't rely on homogeneous mores , the law is the only way to regulate behavior .
And France , beneath its veneer of republican equality , is culturally and ethnically diverse .
One can not expect the law to solve all cultural conflicts .
But it can play a positive role as a tool of emancipation .
As for women in Muslim countries , there may not be much that people in the West can do to improve their lot .
Former New York City Mayor Edward Koch supported a Catholic Republican congressional candidate against a Jewish Democrat in New York , because the Republican supports Israel through thick and thin -- and because Obama had voiced reservations about Israel 's expansion of settlements on the West Bank .
Meanwhile , Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu , who is rather sensitive about foreigners meddling in domestic Israeli politics , has been openly and consistently courting congressional Republicans by attacking Obama .
Why , for that matter , are all American politicians so afraid to be critical of Israeli policies ?
Polls suggest that a majority of Jewish Americans -LRB- a mere 1.7 % of the US population -RRB- still vote for the Democratic Party .
But they vote overwhelmingly for Republicans , so Obama would not seem to have much to lose there .
True , certain pro-Israeli organizations , notably the American Israel Public Affairs Committee -LRB- AIPAC -RRB- , can generate a great deal of money to make or break political candidates , who are judged solely on their attitudes towards Israel .
Cash , voters , and lobbies aside , something fundamental has changed in recent years , and this scares the Democrats : Israel 's conflict with Palestine is now being used by the American right as a cudgel to beat up liberals .
In fact , the last US administration to be somewhat tough on the Israeli government was that of the Republican George H.W. Bush .
Jews were among the most ardent supporters of black Americans ' struggle for civil rights in the 1950 's and 1960 's .
As long as Israel was a liberal state , it was easy , even natural , for most American Jews to support it .
Right-wing politicians from the American South , together with Austrian , German , French , and Dutch populists , are accusing liberals of appeasing `` Islamofascism . ''
Obama certainly needs all the friends he can get .
Many of us can see the appeal of the Old Testament principle of `` an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth . ''
Athena , the Goddess of Wisdom and patron of Athens , decides that only a fair trial , with a jury of twelve men , can pacify the furies and restore peace .
The Dutch case is the most surprising , because , unlike Belgium , the Netherlands has no significant tradition of right-wing populism .
It is hard to imagine many countries where a young African woman could become a famous member of parliament only ten years after seeking asylum .
Whatever the merits -- and they are considerable -- of her arguments against the bigotry of Islamic or African customs , especially those concerning the treatment of women , she lent respectability to bigotry of a different kind : the native resentment of foreigners , and Muslims in particular .
The desire to control both past and present is , of course , a common feature of dictatorships . This can be done through false propaganda , distorting the truth , or suppressing the facts .
When Charles de Gaulle revived the French Republic after World War II , he ignored the history of Vichy France and Nazi collaboration by pretending that all French citizens had been good republican patriots .
Lists have been drawn up of people who played a significant role in the Japanese colonial regime , ranging from university professors to police chiefs -- and extending even to their children , reflecting the Confucian belief that families are responsible for the behavior of their individual members .
But when governments do so , history can easily become a weapon to be used against political opponents -- and thus be as damaging as banning historical inquiries .
Truth can be found only if people are free to pursue it .
While the American economy gets dragged down further in a swamp of bad property debts , China will continue to boom .
And Chinese artists will command prices at international art auctions that others can only dream of .
African dictators -- indeed , dictators everywhere -- who walk the plush red carpets laid out for them in Beijing love it . For the model is non-Western , and the Chinese do not preach to others about democracy .
By proving that authoritarianism can be successful , China is an example to autocrats everywhere , from Moscow to Dubai , from Islamabad to Khartoum .
Liberals , in this view , are not only soft , but are somehow distinctly un-American .
Elites often can speak foreign languages , and big cities are traditionally more tolerant and open to mixed populations .
Modern populism -- American politicians running , or pretending to run , `` against Washington , '' or French populists speaking for `` deep France '' -- is invariably hostile to capital cities .
Still , the politics of resentment works best when it can tap into real fears .
But it has become increasingly clear that the industry can not survive in this form .
The issue of water emissions can be addressed by designs that enable long-haul aircraft to cruise below 9,000 meters .
On the other hand , emissions of carbon dioxide can be reduced simply by using biofuels , made from plants whose carbon dioxide `` price '' was paid via uptake of the very same gas from the atmosphere during their growth .
Now that the dust from that dispute has settled , and with a new Commission in place , it is time to ask what lessons can be drawn from this affair .
The rejection of my nomination was , according to many , just another political battle : you win some , you lose some , but you can not say that you have been unfairly discriminated against simply because you lost .
Indeed , so searching are the questions and so inflamed are discussions about the Roman Catholic Church 's pontiff during World War II that the current pope , Benedict XVI , recently announced that he may postpone Pius 's beatification until the Vatican 's archives for the war years are opened and examined .
Very few people in the Vatican -- indeed , in Europe at large -- had any real knowledge in those days of the vast industrial might of the United States .
And even those who did know something about American power , doubted that the Americans would accept the dangers and expense of defending Europe against Communism after Nazi Germany was defeated .
Nobody could imagine that the invention of the atomic bomb would give the US such an extraordinary military advantage that defending Europe would become feasible and acceptable to the American public .
Today , no one can credibly say that North Korea 's dynastic regime , now led by `` Dear Leader '' Kim Jong-il , a son of the late `` Great Leader '' Kim Il-sung , is certain to fall .
In the meantime , the armed forces appear to remain loyal to Kim , willing to carry out his orders even at the risk of bringing the country to the brink of war , such as by sinking the South Korean naval ship Cheonan in March and warning of `` powerful nuclear deterrence '' against joint South Korean and American military drills .
But unlimited progress can not be paid for with finite funds .
No system can give everyone everything they need .
Only if a technology does not significantly raise costs , or does so only exceptionally , should governments be willing to pay for it .
We can live to be 85 , but we are likely to do so with chronic conditions that leave us sick and in pain .
Medical progress is like exploring outer space : no matter how far we go , we can go further .
Western Europe evolved from a `` Community '' to a `` Union , '' and its states became less firmly bound to American protection .
While America 's invasion of Afghanistan was widely seen as justified , the Anglo-American invasion of Iraq produced an open break between the US and its two major continental allies , France and Germany , which were supported by Russia and China .
The effectiveness of Franco-German resistance to American hegemony was qualified , though , by the reactions of other European states .
Slowly , however , Europe has seemed to grow more cohesive in its opposition to American unipolar policies and pretensions .
Deteriorating economic conditions at home implied stricter limits on American intervention abroad .
It is now clear that European and American geopolitical interests are not automatically in harmony .
That Europe can find the will , the means , and the confidence to play that role can not be taken for granted .
In some jurisdictions , prosecutors can bring charges against pregnant women who are HIV-positive for potentially exposing the virus to their unborn children .
When persons face the possibility of criminal sanctions , not knowing their HIV status can be their most-effective legal defense . Prosecutions will act to deter many people -- especially men as well as persons living in areas where HIV treatment is largely unavailable -- from being tested because it would expose them to the risk of criminal liability .
Such laws also transform HIV victims into scapegoats for a societal problem for which the governments and broader societies are failing to undertake effective , and sometimes politically or culturally risky , steps that can defeat the disease .
The Return of the African Coup
While the African Union , the United States , and other members of the international community protested , popular reaction in Niamey was jubilant .
The international community branded each of these countries a pariah , and various international organizations , such as the Economic Community of West African States , the African Union , and the Southern African Development Community , have responded by suspending membership and occasionally imposing sanctions .
Nevertheless , coups , whether violent or peaceful , are the antithesis of democratic institutions , and military rule can last a long time .
Recent history is full of examples of the negative side-effects that can arise .
The most important task is to facilitate and strengthen the creation of new assets , and there is much that developing countries can do in this regard .
They can take advantage of the current bonanza in available capital to build contestability , transparency , and institutional quality around markets in which greenfield investments can be implemented .
They can ensure that the rules they have in place are consistent and favorable to funding investment projects with long maturities .
And they can invest in their own capacity for project selection and design .
Prior to the crisis , asset-price cycles were seen by many as basically harmless or , at least , as a relatively insignificant monetary-policy channel .
It is now increasingly recognized that significant asset-price increases -LRB- for example , in real estate or existing equities -RRB- may well be reinforced by the pro-cyclical nature of risk assessment embodied in those rules .
Capital buffers to absorb losses during the downturn of the cycle can be more easily built during the upswing .
The subplot is inevitably how a Latin American country that once seemed more like Europe developed all the maladies of its Southern neighbors : a state unable to guarantee public health and education ; a growing gap between rich and poor ; the disappearance of the middle class ; and the decline of industrial capacity in favor of producing raw materials .
We no longer have a guide , an idea of how to think about our country , how to understand it and how to imagine who we are and who we can become .
If these books can be read as developing a new idea of Argentina , it is the idea that there is little to trust , that everything is fraudulent , and that leeriness must be our worldview .
The process of developing and coming to terms with a new national idea can not begin and end with a rejection of the very concept .
It makes no sense to talk about eradicating diseases like polio if a small outbreak in a remote part of the globe can rapidly spread and imperil billions .
The Western Hemisphere was certified as polio-free 20 years ago , but there were cases in Haiti and the Dominican Republic as recently as 2000 .
Moreover , it is not clear that all polio cases can be detected , because some infected people do not show symptoms .
And the challenge of ensuring adequate surveillance appears insurmountable when one considers that polio can suddenly reappear out of the blue in a so-called wild-type form .
And , in an age of mass air travel , a case in Tajikistan can be in Utah in a day .
The best that can be done is to seek to control polio , and to hope that politics , economics , and ethics allow us to get that far . Those involved in efforts aimed at complete eradication should rethink their goal , lest faith in the unattainable leads to disaster .
Twenty-five years ago , only Colombia , Costa Rica , and Venezuela were reasonably stable Latin American democracies .
As the political scientist Guillermo O'Donnell observed , democracy 's flame can also be extinguished gradually when dreams of justice and social progress fail to materialize .
Although this gap endangers the future of Latin American democracy , many Latin American leaders consider it apostasy to admit that living standards are little better today than they were during the era of dictators .
During 1977 , the worst year for human rights violations , the average Latin American rate of terror stood at 3.0 .
Still , to insist that Latin American democracy has been a major disappointment would not merely be pessimistic ; it would fail to recognize that the most important values of a free society include the capacity to change , to rectify , and to improve .
Indeed , it may be that the framework for a state that can preside over a true democracy has yet to be created .
No , because , simply put , political liberty can not be separated from economic liberty .
Ensuring Latin American nations ' autonomy in the global economy is yet another vital question that must be debated , because it is essential that national governments have the power to execute their citizens ' will .
This does not require immediately creating new administrative structures , but skillful political coordination can and must be at the heart of this debate and ensuring its successful outcome .
We can not base our actions solely on commercial will , because that limits us to operating strictly at the whims of international markets .
As the political scientist Samuel Huntington has said , `` Business may bring communities closer but it can not bring them into harmony . ''
Today , Latin American states need political agreements that protect them from becoming the victims of both North American unilateralism and the global economy .
Failure to engage in critical debates about Latin American democracy will surely provide fertile ground for reviving the authoritarian fantasies of the past .
If , on the other hand , political leaders lose their fear of debating important issues , Latin America can move forward .
The government has had the National Congress surrounded by unionists so that only its ardent supporters can enter for the Senate 's sessions .
It is possible to see in Chavez but another Latin American populist sorcerer 's apprentice , one whose political shelf life will expire whenever oil prices begin their inevitable shift backward .
The notion of specific `` Chavist '' growth can also be challenged .
Thus , Chavez is portrayed as a return to the Latin American populist heresy , a heresy that must be resisted because it affects not only the country with the largest oil reserves outside the Middle East , but also because it may tempt the rest of Latin America down that road .
The years of the biggest transformation demands in Latin America or those of its docility to economic orthodoxy will not come back because we can remember them .
To believe that one can accurately foresee what will become of Chavez and Venezuela brings to mind another warning by Fiedler : `` He who lives by the crystal ball must sooner or later learn to chew glass . ''
So alarming are conditions in Colombia nowadays that some Americans worry about the country becoming another Vietnam .
The dismantling of the Medellin drug cartel , then taking place , stood in sharp contrast with the murders of three presidential candidates - Luis Carlos Galán , Bernardo Jaramillo and Carlos Pizarro - during the 1990 election .
Capitalism and Skepticism BALTIMORE -- As each new day brings word of another Wall Street bailout even more colossal than the last , one question presents itself with ever-increasing force : why does America 's economy perform so badly under Republican presidents ?
The facts are hard to dispute ; indeed , the historical record is now so stark that diehard Republicans are probably starting to wonder if there is a curse .
Over the period for which modern statistics are readily available , Democrats have outperformed Republicans by almost every traditional measure of economic performance -LRB- per capita GDP growth , unemployment , inflation , budget deficits -RRB- .
Democrats have even managed to beat the Republicans on their own turf .
Thanks to the profligacy of the current Bush administration -LRB- and the prudence of the Clinton administration -RRB- , average Federal spending as a proportion of GDP under Republican presidents now exceeds that under Democrats during the measured period .
The pattern of Republican deficiency holds up when the span of historical analysis is extended by using stock returns to measure economic performance .
On average , since the inception of the Standard and Poor 's composite stock index in 1926 , the reward for putting your money in the market has been about 16 percentage points lower per presidential term under Republicans than under Democrats .
Republican underperformance remains a stubborn fact even when the Great Depression and World War II are left out of the analysis -LRB- in the fond hope that they will prove to have been unique experiences -RRB- .
The answer ca n't be found in the specific policy proposals of Republicans or Democrats , which have evolved so much over the years that they defy meaningful generalization .
Some evidence can be found in those features of the American economy that we believe others should emulate .
The options backdating scandal that recently caught Apple 's chairman , Steve Jobs , is a microcosm of innovation , prosecution , and reform ; now that a rule has been written to prohibit backdating , this particular scam will not happen again .
Today , however , the reigning Republican orthodoxy is a kind of smug pseudo-Friedmanism that believes that markets left to themselves can do no wrong .
This policy was reconfirmed even by Israel in 1978 and 1993 , and emphasized by all American presidents , including George W. Bush .
President George H.W. Bush even threatened to reduce American aid to Israel .
There is little doubt that accommodation with Palestinians can bring full Arab recognition of Israel and its right to live in peace .
The killing of innocent people by suicide bombs or other acts of violence can not be condoned ; and
With American backing , Israeli bombs and missiles rained down on Lebanon .
There will be no substantive and permanent peace for any peoples in this troubled region as long as Israel is violating key UN resolutions , official American policy and the international `` road map '' for peace by occupying Arab lands and oppressing the Palestinians .
This gross mistreatment of the Palestinians in Gaza was escalated dramatically by Israel , with United States backing , after political candidates representing Hamas won a majority of seats in the Palestinian Authority parliament in 2006 .
Israel and the US refused to accept the right of Palestinians to form a unity government with Hamas and Fatah and now , after internal strife , Hamas alone controls Gaza . Forty-one of the 43 victorious Hamas candidates who lived in the West Bank are now imprisoned by Israel , plus an additional ten who assumed positions in the short-lived coalition cabinet .
In societies where girls are normally married off young , there can seem little point to investing in their education .
But we can not allow the distortion of faith or long-standing custom to be used as an excuse to ignore the rights of girls and women , and to hold their communities in poverty .
What we have learned over the years is that social change of this kind can not be imposed from above .
Most of all , it is time to recognize that we can not improve the lives of the poorest and most marginalized women and girls until the impact of child marriage is addressed directly and openly -- and unless we make a commitment to ending it .
Because modernization , in the sense of catching up with European levels of political , economic , social , and cultural development , is one reason Poland sought integration with the EU , one can anticipate that the general historical pattern of modernization will lead to secularization across Central Europe , including Poland .
Nonetheless , Venezuela fared far better than the average Latin American country .
More fundamentally , Chávez represents ideas that have long stifled Latin America 's political and economic growth . This includes the notion that social justice can be achieved only by abandoning the path of reform and rejecting `` bourgeois '' democratic forms in favor of `` real '' democracy , born of revolutionary purity and the leader 's millenarian dreams .
In fact , one can find similar achievements in Chile and Brazil , which have not given up on democratic checks and balances , political pluralism , or freedom of the press , and have not enjoyed the luxury of $ 300 billion in oil revenue in the space of one decade .
It is obvious that Yankee imperialism can not be blamed for Venezuela 's emaciated tax system , dismally bad schools , rampant corruption , high crime rate , and feeble political institutions .
If the tenth anniversary of Chávez 's tenure can serve as a reminder of the perils that beset unjust democracies -- especially now that a new electoral cycle in Latin America looms -- then Venezuela 's agonizing recent history would , at least , be redeemed .
If the vicious tone of his opponent 's campaign offers any indication , Funes can not count on the good will of those who have yet to learn how to behave like a loyal opposition .
A political newcomer who did not participate in El Salvador 's civil war , Funes , along with all the FMLN 's congressional candidates , was handpicked as presidential nominee , behind closed doors by the party 's Political Commission , where diehard Marxist cadres still roam unchecked .
He needs all the help he can get .
The US , which still has significant clout over what happens in El Salvador , would do well to welcome his election and offer him tangible support for key social reforms .
If , amidst the indifference of the world , Funes chose to play fast and loose with it , Livingstone would be proven wrong : voting can change much , and sometimes for the worse .
But , as any member of a historically persecuted community -- from gays to Jews to Roma -- can attest , social intolerance may curtail civil rights as much as any law .
If Muslims are not to be allowed to build anything Islamic anywhere near Ground Zero , let those who feel insulted strive to change the law through an open democratic process in which the reasons for a legal ban can be argued openly and without fig leafs .
We can only hope that the American public will reject not just the insistent calls to derail the construction of the Park 51 project , but also the contested assumptions that underpin opposition to it .
Doing so would re-affirm American freedom and tolerance , and make the US a stronger and more respected actor abroad .
I recently co-authored a study -LRB- with Tim Dyson , Leela Visaria and others -RRB- that concludes , with modest optimism , that while India can manage its population growth , it also faces a number of major difficulties .
Unless recent trends can be reversed , the growing economic and demographic gulf between India 's North and East and its South and West will pose a serious political threat .
Our study concludes that India can have faster economic and industrial growth , higher rates of energy consumption , and a cleaner environment .
The biggest problem is water pollution , with discharges into canals and rivers growing faster than treatment capacity .
Each concludes that India can have a satisfactory water future .
As with the other challenges posed by population growth , the issue is not whether the future can be managed , but whether it will be .
But , while this is a compelling argument , those who know modern prisons recognize that many inmates are not susceptible to improvement -- a fact that can not be attributed only to conditions of detention .
But this argument is undermined by the fact that the state can resort to lethal force to prevent serious crimes , or to fight a war or rebellion .
If a convict turns out to be innocent , his execution can not be undone .
But , whether or not you oppose the death penalty , two lessons can be drawn from the debate .
How can we ignore that a high number of inmates commit suicide -- self-inflicted capital punishment -- to escape the inhumanity of their imprisonment ?
How can we ignore that many states today kill not only through legal punishment , but also by murdering and massacring in international or civil wars , or by allowing starvation ?
In short , opposition to the death penalty can not be an end in itself , for it is only one element of a more general fight for human dignity .
Having instead made the request for a warrant public , al-Bashir -- assuming the judges uphold the request -- can simply refrain from traveling abroad and thus avoid arrest .
However , according to the international case law , one can prove by inference a defendant 's state of mind only if the inference is the only reasonable one that can be drawn based on the evidence .
Only politics and diplomacy can offer a lasting solution .
Since the late 1970 's , and especially during the 1980 's and 1990 's , Berlusconi 's three private TV channels have portrayed a false and illusory model of quick success , as seen in American soap operas such as `` Dallas . ''
Since the 1990 's , his channels broadcast `` Big Brother '' and Italian variety shows dominated by male comedians , musclemen , and scantily clad young girls , popularly known as `` veline . ''
And today , the ambition of many working-class Italian mothers is to see their daughters become a successful scantily clad `` velina '' who , in turn , manages to hit the gossip columns by flirting with the latest muscleman-turned-TV heartthrob or some budding young football player .
Nor are Italians reassured to learn that Berlusconi fielded a number of candidates during the recent European Parliament elections whose only discernible qualification was that they were pretty young girls who had possibly spent some time in the prime minister 's company at his Sardinian Villa or Roman Palazzo .
Such rumors may well turn out to be true , for the heart of the scandal now concerns the taped conversations between a paid escort and Berlusconi during their romps in his Sardinian villa on the big bed given to him by his Russian counterpart , Vladimir Putin .
Before the Bush administration , various American presidents worked hard to change the US relationship with Latin America from one of hegemon and dominated states to something like the relations that exist with the European allies .
Many of these pernicious side effects can already be perceived .
The first , and deepest , consequence consists in plummeting prestige of and respect for the US and the Bush administration in Latin American public opinion .
He visited Mexico before any other country , renewed Temporary Protection Status for Central American immigrants , maintained President Bill Clinton 's waiver of certain trade restrictions on countries and companies doing business with Cuba , and gave new impetus to the negotiations to create a Free Trade Area of the Americas .
This can be measured in public opinion polls , in newspaper editorials , congressional resolutions , summit declarations , and street demonstrations .
America 's friends in Latin America are feeling the fire of this anti-American wrath .
They are finding themselves forced to shift their own rhetoric and attitude in order to dampen their defense of policies viewed as pro-American or US-inspired , and to stiffen their resistance to Washington 's demands and desires .
In many cases , American demands and desires are contrary to Latin interests , and should be resisted .
While it might take days or even weeks before Mexico 's cliff-hanger presidential election is officially settled , it seems almost certain that right-of-center , liberal candidate Felipe Calderón will be the country 's next president .
Calderón can not hand education over to the Church , privatize Pemex -LRB- the state owned oil company -RRB- or abolish social anti-poverty programs , as his adversaries falsely claimed he would do .
With these reforms , Mexico can finally begin to harvest the fruits of ten years of stability and continuity -- not a mean feat for a country which had previously had major crises in every decade since the 1960s .
With oil prices higher than ever , its country-risk premiums lower than ever , remittances from abroad , tourism revenues , and foreign investment hitting all time highs , and annual GDP growth estimated at 4.2 % for this year , Mexicans -- in many ways -- have never had it so good .
This is why Calderón 's opponent in July 's presidential election , the populist Andrés Manuel López Obrador , obtained such a large percentage of the vote compared to the Mexican left 's previous high-water mark in the election of 2000 .
In the long run , the answer undoubtedly lies in the transformation of the Mexican left , and partly also of the Mexican right .
Much more importantly , however -- and perhaps to the surprise of many benevolent international observers -- the Mexican left is nowhere near transforming itself into a modern , reformist , social-democratic party .
Without these twin transformations of its right and left , Mexico can only keep running in place , while so many others speed forward .
But they also entail the re-election of representatives and senators , recourse to referendums for constitutional amendments , and independent candidacies .
But no significant improvement on these fronts can occur without thoroughly refashioning the country 's decision-making process .
In fact , none of the major economic and social reforms Mexico desperately needs in order to grow more rapidly , distribute wealth more evenly , and combat poverty more effectively can be passed if the institutional scaffolding is not rebuilt .
That is what Calderón can and must do in order to render moot today 's debates about the fairness of the election that brought him to power .
Granted , President George W. Bush was well received by all his hosts in the five countries he visited , with traditional Latin American hospitality and cordiality .
There were no major , unfortunate incidents ; the constant protests were strident but not especially violent or well-attended ; no significant slights or mishaps took place ; and President Bush achieved what he probably was most interested in : sending a message back to the United States that he actually is interested in more than Iraq .
Chávez baited Bush at almost every stop along the way , but the US leader evaded the provocations , and indeed , probably bested Chávez in the sense that an unpopular US president managed to dominate the agenda and take the battle of ideas directly to Latin American audiences , with whom the Venezuelans and the Cubans are in contact every day .
Here , despite the photo-ops and the hugs and the local cuisine , the American president was simply not ready , willing or able , to give satisfaction to his colleagues , from capital to capital .
In Uruguay , President Tabaré Vázquez went out on a limb simply by hosting Bush , given that his problems with his Chávez-friendly neighbor in Argentina , Nestor Kirchner , can only worsen as a result of these `` dangerous '' acquaintances .
Vázquez needed some cover on the status of Urugayan immigrants in the US , and mainly , increases in quotas for its exports to the American market .
Where Bush fared best , perhaps , was in Mérida , Mexico , where Felipe Calderón not only received him as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are -- though he rightly slammed his guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries ' border &#45; &#45; but got in return what he needed , and wanted most .
The American made a firm , explicit and apparently sincere commitment to lobby as strongly as possibly for what he calls `` comprehensive immigration reform '' and what in Mexico is commonly known as `` the whole enchilada . ''
Whether Bush can deliver the goods is obviously open to question , but since Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid traveled to Mexico City two days later to make the same commitment , it seems that Mexico 's six years of vain efforts might finally prove fruitful .
Conversely , if Bush can not come up with enough Republican moderates in the US Senate -- they are actually already there , probably &#45; &#45; and in the US House of Representatives , the letdown and resentment in Mexico -LRB- as well as everywhere in Central America , the Caribbean , Peru , Ecuador and Colombia -RRB- will be immense .
Latin America 's oldest standing two-party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrático presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Party 's contender , finally giving electoral expression to left-wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
The so-called parapolítica scandals have rocked Uribe 's government , forcing the resignation of some cabinet ministers , and embarrassing others , including the president himself .
Colombia 's FTA with the US was in danger the moment the US Republicans lost their majority in both houses of Congress last November .
Still , it seemed more likely to pass than the other two pending Latin American trade deals with Panama and Peru .
Moreover , it might also lose Plan Colombia , the huge -- and hugely controversial -- American aid program that has funneled tens of billions of dollars into Colombia since the late 1990 's , ostensibly to fight the drug cartels , but also , in fact , to wage counter-insurgency .
Uribe has spent weeks directly and personally lobbying key American legislators , and he is undoubtedly his own best advocate .
Latin America 's oldest standing two-party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrático presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Party 's contender , finally giving electoral expression to left-wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
The so-called parapolítica scandals have rocked Uribe 's government , forcing the resignation of some cabinet ministers , and embarrassing others , including the president himself .
Colombia 's FTA with the US was in danger the moment the US Republicans lost their majority in both houses of Congress last November .
Still , it seemed more likely to pass than the other two pending Latin American trade deals with Panama and Peru .
Moreover , it might also lose Plan Colombia , the huge -- and hugely controversial -- American aid program that has funneled tens of billions of dollars into Colombia since the late 1990 's , ostensibly to fight the drug cartels , but also , in fact , to wage counter-insurgency .
Uribe has spent weeks directly and personally lobbying key American legislators , and he is undoubtedly his own best advocate .
They evicted the Federal Electoral Institute -LRB- IFE -RRB- directors , who organized last year 's presidential vote ; strengthened the ban on independent candidates ; made it practically impossible to create new parties ; and established a series of arbitrary , quasi-Stalinist restrictions on the content of campaign advertising , speeches , and exchanges among candidates .
The IFE shepherded Mexico through several crisis in 2006 , when the PRD 's presidential candidate , Andrés Manuel López Obrador , refused to accept his razor-thin margin of defeat and took his battle to the streets .
Will Ex-Mexicans Choose America 's Next President ?
Will Ex-Mexicans Choose America 's Next President ?
Among the many surprises during the Republican Party presidential candidates ' debates a couple of weeks ago was the rekindled importance of immigration .
After the failure of President George W. Bush 's and Senator Edward Kennedy 's comprehensive immigration reform effort last spring , most observers thought the matter would remain dormant until 2009 , since even touching it was potentially fatal for Democrats and Republicans alike .
But as Democrats discovered in other recent debates , and as Republicans realized with a little help from the CNN organizers , who skewed the questions toward issues they feel strongly about , immigration is an issue that just wo n't go away .
This is one reason why I wrote a short but -- I hope -- useful book on Mexican immigration to the United States , entitled Ex-Mex : From Migrants to Immigrants .
Based on internal documents from the Mexican and US governments , countless interviews , and a survey of much of the existing literature on the subject , Ex-Mex seeks to fulfill three purposes .
First , I wanted to provide a Mexican voice in the immigration debate .
Of course , my book can not be the Mexican stance .
But an assessment from the vantage point of past , current , and future Mexican immigrants to the US is a necessary component of the American debate -- all the more so when one recalls that immigration has , in fact , not generally been exclusively a domestic US policy question .
The first American immigration agreement with another country was signed in 1907 -- the so-called Gentleman 's Agreement with Japan , while the US and Mexico negotiated and administered the Bracero Program for more than twenty years , from 1942 thru 1964 .
And , of course , the US has had a standing immigration agreement since 1965 with a country most Americans would not imagine : Fidel Castro 's Cuba .
The most important feature of that context is that the actual flow of Mexicans entering the US today is not much greater than the overall average figure for the Bracero Program period : around 400,000 per year .
For example , the 1996 immigration reforms implemented by the Clinton administration , along with other , underlying structural trends , halted the traditional circular pattern whereby Mexicans came and went to the US every year .
Instead , they began to settle in communities farther from the border , greatly increasing the stock of Mexicans in the US .
Finally , the efforts of the Mexican and US governments since 2001 to reach an accommodation on the issue have not been well understood .
Having made significant inroads among Hispanic voters in 2000 and 2004 , thanks to Bush 's support for immigration reform , Republicans now can barely count on 20 % of that total -- mainly among Cuban-Americans -- thanks to their strident anti-immigration stance .
Thus , if the Democrats demonstrate a minimum of compassion , sensitivity , and realism , they can count on a 7 % advantage in the popular vote .
But doing so could cost Democrats dearly in old industrial states like Pennsylvania , Ohio , and Michigan , where the arrival of Mexican migrants , transformed into immigrants , has stoked passions .
Since the Democrats ' victory will most likely depend on these states , the Democratic candidate who can square this circle , or the Republican who can break it , may well win the presidency .
As long as Fidel is around -- writing , meeting foreign dignitaries , and weighing in on everything from ethanol to the American presidential campaign -- two things will remain clear .
For Latin American pragmatists , always fearful of Cuban fifth columnists , it offers a way to square the circle : encouraging change in Cuba without going too far .
What will deter the next Central American dictator and murderer if the Cubans are given a free pass ?
It appears that during an upcoming visit to Havana , the Mexican foreign minister will not meet with local dissidents , breaking with precedents established since 1993 .
There are sound reasons to set a timetable for Cuba 's return to the Latin American democratic fold , without imposing elections as a first step or precondition .
Indeed , free and fair elections and full respect for human rights can come at the end of the road -- if that end is clearly established .
What would be unacceptable are the two extremes : making an immediate transition to democratic rule a precondition for normalization of relations with the US and re-entering the Latin American community , or exempting Cuba from the obligation to adhere to democratic principles and practices on the grounds that it is somehow different .
In 1953 , Fidel Castro , in what is probably the best-known speech in Latin American political history , proclaimed in court that history would absolve him .
By the early 1990 's , it became increasingly evident that the armed struggle for power in Latin American was winding down .
But , having met Chávez personally a dozen times , it appears naïve , at least to me , to attribute great significance or conviction to anything he says -- moderate , hard left , or in between .
Whatever John Kerry does about Latin America if he is elected President of the United States in November , the election could initiate a sea-change in US-Latin American relations - even or perhaps mainly if George W. Bush is reelected .
First , never in recent times has anti-American sentiment run so strong and deep in Latin America . Poll after poll shows that Latins feel more negatively about the US than at any time since the 1960 's .
In contrast to that era , popular hostility is not really motivated by US actions in or toward Latin America ; but today 's anti-Americanism still complicates life greatly for democratic leaders in the hemisphere , and for America itself .
Second , and more importantly , the substantive issues of conflict on the US-Latin American agenda are heating up . They will not go away by themselves , and failure to address them will probably only make them worse .
In all these areas , a pro-active policy of American support is crucial .
Why should it care whether Latin American countries closely linked to it by trade , investment , tourism , and retirees do better or worse , grow or stagnate , become more competitive or lose ground globally ?
The consequences of a new terrorist outrage originating from any nation south of the US-Mexican border would be devastating for that country , let alone for the victims of such an attack .
Traditionally a Mexican , Central American , and Caribbean matter , it has now reached Brazil , Colombia , Venezuela , Ecuador , and beyond . Every flight from Sao Paulo to Mexico City carries dozens of low-income Brazilians , who have already paid their pollero , or `` people-smuggler , '' to route them on from the Mexican capital to the northern border .
Most dramatically , more Mexicans than ever before are risking their lives and paying up to $ 3,000 to enter the `` promised land . ''
Last year , I visited the main jumping-off point on the US-Mexican border : El Sasabe on the Sonora-Arizona border .
America can not stem this tide by closing its borders ; but it can regulate the tide by legalizing and humanizing it , and by helping to create conditions in Latin America where life-threatening emigration is not the only way out .
A New US Agenda for Latin America MEXICO CITY -- For the next American president , fixing the international mess inherited from the Bush administration will be no simple task .
The US can not continue with the failed policies of the past half-century .
Yet the US can not set aside the question of democracy and human rights in Cuba while it awaits the departure of Fidel 's brother , Raúl .
In fact , there are two lefts in the region : a modern , democratic , globalized and market-friendly left , found in Chile , Brazil , Uruguay , parts of Central America , and , up to a point , in Peru ; and a retrograde , populist , authoritarian , statist , and anti-American left , found in Mexico , El Salvador , Nicaragua , Cuba , Ecuador , Bolivia , Venezuela , and , to a lesser extent , in Argentina , Colombia , and Paraguay .
The retrograde left today can realize Che Guevara 's old dream : not `` one , two , many Vietnams , '' but `` one , two , many Venezuelas , '' winning power by the ballot and then conserving and concentrating it through constitutional changes and the creation of armed militias and monolithic parties .
It can finance all of this with the support of Venezuela 's state oil company , implementing social policies that are misguided over the long term but seductive in the short run , especially when carried out by Cuban doctors , teachers , and instructors .
Herein lies a dilemma for the next US president : how to address the clear rift between the two lefts in a way that improves US-Latin American relations , fortifies the modern left , and weakens the retrograde left without resorting to the failed interventionist policies of the past .
Turning its back in the face of such challenges is no longer a viable American option .
Free Trade with a Human Face MEXICO CITY -- Although many Americans believe immigration is a domestic issue that should be excluded from talks with other governments , this is not a view held by other nations -- or by the United States .
For many Latin American nations , not just Mexico , immigration is the single most important issue in their relations with the US .
The issue is all the more painful and disappointing since most Latin American foreign ministries know full well that these attitudes are pure politics , nothing more .
Moving quickly is probably the only way the next president can succeed on this front as well .
If recession drags on and Americans continue to blame trade agreements -- erroneously -- for growing unemployment , falling wages , and yawning inequality , opposition to these deals will grow .
American trade agreements have been faulted for limiting themselves to trade .
First , clear and explicit human rights and democracy clauses should be included , along the lines of similar clauses in the Mexican and Chilean Economic Association treaties with the EU .
These revised agreements should include bold , enlightened provisions for infrastructure and `` social-cohesion '' funds , since these can make the difference between muddling through and true success .
Improving Mexican and Central American infrastructure , education , and rule of law , or improving Colombian and Peruvian drug-enforcement efforts and respect for labor laws and human rights , are all in America 's interest , and-free trade agreements can help rather than harm such efforts .
If the US and Latin America can face up to the challenges of trade and immigration together , the next US president may leave a weightier mark on the hemispheric relationship than any American leader in three generations .
The rise of these types of prosecutions has in turn motivated countries , including Argentina and Chile , to repeal their amnesty laws so that suspected war criminals can be prosecuted at home .
It would show that indicted warlords and dictators can avoid justice by holding the Security Council hostage to threats of more violence .
The Mexican Muddle
The Mexican Muddle MEXICO CITY -- This month , Mexico 's Felipe Calderón celebrates his second anniversary as president .
Calderón has refused to touch these power structures , even though everyone , from the World Bank to left-wing rabble-rouser and former presidential candidate Andrés Manuel López Obrador , agree that they are the main impediments to Mexico 's progress .
Calderón decided , in late 2006 , that accommodation was no longer tolerable : the violence had gotten out of control ; the corruption and complicity had infected the nation 's police and political elite ; and Mexico had become a major producer of methamphetamines for the US , as well as a significant consumer of cocaine .
If that connection proves faulty , it will not work , and Mexicans may question the point of a `` war '' that has more than doubled the number of gangland executions , from 2,000 in 2006 to 5,000 in 2008 , when their children , statistically at least , are not in harm 's way .
But Calderón does n't want American aid on American terms .
He rejects the Colombian model , which would put American advisers , instructors , mechanics , agents , and maintenance personnel on the ground in Mexico .
Had it not been for the world economic crisis , or if it ends up being short and shallow , many observers , including me , remain convinced that Mexico can continue to muddle through , as it has done since 1996 .
The FMLN nominated a presentable and attractive candidate , Mauricio Funes , for last Sunday 's presidential election , and , despite seeing a 10-point lead whittled down to barely two points by election night , squeaked out an uncontested victory .
The Socialist Party in Chile , the Workers Party in Brazil , the Broad Front in Uruguay , even Chávez in Venezuela and the PRD and FSLN in Mexico and Nicaragua , respectively , have shown that , after years of waiting , the left can win elections in Latin America .
Of course , the Central American nations do not wield huge influence in Mexico ; if anything , it is the other way around .
But the Mexican left , while no longer as weak as it was after its defeat in 2006 , has always needed foreign role models .
Cuba 's Back MEXICO CITY -- After 47 years , the Organization of American States , at its annual General Assembly , has repealed its suspension of Cuba 's membership .
The so-called ALBA countries -LRB- the Spanish acronym for the so-called Bolivarian Alternative for the Americas -RRB- , which includes Cuba , Venezuela , Honduras , Nicaragua , Bolivia , Dominica , and Ecuador , were able partly to outwit -- and partly to `` out-blackmail '' -- Canada , the United States , and the Latin American democracies in getting Cuba rehabilitated .
Two fundamental considerations come to mind , and their ramifications in `` up-for-grab '' countries in Latin America , such as El Salvador , are particularly significant .
Given that the smaller countries do not act independently of Venezuela , and that Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez does not act without Cuba 's guidance on weighty matters such as these , it is now clear that the Cubans and their allies will cut US President Barack Obama no slack on Latin American issues .
They could have easily let the OAS assembly go by , giving the new American president more time to prepare his Congress and public opinion for a delicate balancing act .
The ALBA countries decided they would concede nothing to Obama , and attempt , instead , to back him into a corner : either the US would go along with the new OAS consensus , angering both parts of the Cuban-American lobby and the human rights community by abandoning principles and commitments , or the US would have to act alone -LRB- perhaps with Canada by its side -RRB- , leaving it totally isolated in Latin America -- the last thing Obama wants .
The second consideration is that this behavior will continue . The reason seems clear enough : Cuba needs international aid desperately , and there are not too many places where it can find it .
And Chávez , despite the recent increase in oil prices , can no longer afford to subsidize Cuba as he did during the boom years .
So it seems that the Cubans are hoping to find resources elsewhere , and the only possibility , as remote as it seems , is the Inter-American Development Bank .
But his party is as close to Cuba and Venezuela as one can get .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia . They tried to accommodate the US -LRB- it is rumored that Obama phoned Lula and asked for his help -RRB- , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
A magnificent opportunity for a new start in US-Latin American relations will have been missed .
Mexico 's War of Choice MEXICO CITY -- Three years ago this month , Mexican President Felipe Calderón donned military fatigues and declared a full-scale war on drugs , ordering the Army into Mexico 's streets , highways , and villages .
Moreover , George W. Bush 's administration quickly promised American support -- the so-called Mérida Initiative , signed in February , 2007 -- and public-opinion polls showed that Calderón had , in one fell swoop , left behind the travails of his close and questioned electoral victory , gaining the trust of the Mexican people .
It was a war that Calderón should not have declared , that can not be won , and that is doing enormous damage to Mexico .
Today , a growing number of Mexicans shares this view .
One was deployment of overwhelming force , which the Mexican military lacks .
The third condition was an exit strategy at the outset , which Calderón lacks , because he can neither withdraw in defeat in his own country , nor withdraw and declare victory .
Over the past three years , more than 15,000 Mexicans have died in the drug war .
In other words , since Calderón began his war on drugs , more Mexican drugs are on the market , not less .
American assistance , as a US General Accounting Office report made clear in early December , is barely trickling in .
This may not be ideal , but it is better than prolonging a fight that can not be won .
The hope is that this new grouping will eventually supplant the Organization of American States .
It should , because Insulza is probably the only figure who can both learn from and correct the OAS 's mistakes of the past five years , and thus save it from oblivion .
The crackdown on freedom of the press , the rule of law , and electoral processes in Venezuela -- as reported by Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch , and , most recently , in a damning , 300-page report by the Inter-American Human Rights Commission -- has been steadily worsening .
The OAS can involve itself in domestic electoral , political , or human rights issues only if a majority of its members mandates it to do so , and countries like Mexico and Brazil are fearful of picking fights with Venezuela .
But , just as Chávez is worried about rumblings and dissidents in Cuba , the island 's leaders are concerned about the news from Caracas ; they know they can not survive without Chávez 's oil and subsidies .
Given all of this , as well as Chávez 's penchant for spectacular antics and the Cubans ' skill in taking the diplomatic offensive , the ALBA countries may be preparing some major Latin American mischief .
Chávez , the Cubans and their allies , however , want no part of Lobo , and vetoed his attending the Cancún summit where the new Latin American organization was conceived .
That it might appear absurd to invite Cuba , which has not had an elected president since the 1950 's , and not Lobo , who was cleanly elected just months ago , did not seem to worry either Mexican host Felipe Calderón or his colleagues .
The fact that the Cancún meeting provided no funds , location , charter , or staff for the new organization will not matter : Latin American leaders are used to building castles in the air .
This review should be the main task of the re-elected Secretary-General , together with keeping the OAS united and defending Latin American democracy against the ALBA onslaught .
MEXICO CITY -- The perpetual seesaw in Latin American geo-politics is more vibrant than ever .
The `` Americas-2 '' radical left is receding moderately , yet it can still maintain its positions and defeat any attempts to roll back its influence .
Indeed , the Organization of American States -LRB- OAS -RRB- suspended Honduras last year because of the coup d'état that deposed and deported then-President Manuel Zelaya .
Unfortunately , the only two countries that could play a role in reforming the inter-American system and defusing the growing tensions between Colombia and Venezuela will , for different reasons , remain passive .
Mexico is consumed by its failed drug war , which has cost more than 25,000 lives and , according to just published US government statistics , has deterred Colombian cocaine traffickers , but has fostered dramatic increases in Mexican production of heroin , marijuana , and methamphetamines .
Mexican President Felipe Calderón has never wanted to entangle himself in Latin American disputes and ideological confrontations .
Lula leaves office with astonishing popularity for a two-term Latin American president .
But there are grounds for skepticism about Lula 's legacy , and the fact that they are rarely mentioned does not diminish their significance .
The problem is that Brazil 's overall investment rate remains around 16 % of GDP , far less than Mexico 's or the Latin American average , not to mention China -LRB- 40 % -RRB- .
A second issue is the highly touted Bolsa Familia , which began under Lula 's predecessor as Bolsa Escola , and was originally devised by the economist Santiago Levy under Mexican President Ernesto Zedillo .
No one questions the generosity of this mutation , but it is far from clear that the nearly 15 million families receiving Bolsa Familia will maintain their current income level when the stipend disappears , or that it can be sustained indefinitely .
But there are doubts as to what it can achieve in the long run to eradicate poverty .
MEXICO CITY -- Everyone these days , it seems , has their own favorite American diplomatic cable -- or will soon -- given that the 250,000 documents obtained by WikiLeaks include references to almost every country in the world .
Nothing extraordinary has been revealed , but the cables now available allow readers and analysts to draw some preliminary conclusions about the Obama administration 's views of the region ; about Latin American leaders ' attitudes toward the United States ; and about the quality of US diplomatic and intelligence-gathering activities in the hemisphere .
The American envoy got right what happened , its implications , and how to enable Barack Obama 's incoming administration to deal intelligently -- and differently from the past -- with one of its first crises in Latin America .
Similarly , a cable concerning a Mexican-sponsored attempt earlier this year to create something like the Organization of American States , but without the US and Canada , is chockfull of largely accurate but excessive rhetoric blasting Mexican diplomacy .
Backing the creation of a `` Community of Latin American and Caribbean States , '' according to the cable , is logical for a would-be regional hegemon like Brazil , but somewhat absurd for Mexico , which does 90 % of everything -LRB- trade , investment , tourism , immigration -RRB- with the US and Canada , and depends on US support in fighting the country 's drug cartels .
The logical conclusion of all this is evident : since Mexican President Felipe Calderón himself can not be both president and drug czar , and is rightly unwilling and logically unable to carry out the necessary day-to-day interagency coordination in Mexico , the void will be filled by someone else .
Increasingly , it is being filled by the US Embassy in Mexico City , staffed by first-rate diplomats who may be biting off more than they can chew .
MEXICO CITY -- US President Barack Obama 's current swing through Latin America will probably be short on substance , long on rhetorical flourishes and symbolism , and may include a few announcements affecting American business in the region .
In the international arena , the new president , Dilma Roussef , has pulled back from Luiz Inácio Lula Da Silva 's many excesses -LRB- indifference to human rights abuses , support for Iran and its nuclear program , and rhetorical anti-Americanism -RRB- during his last year in office , and may even have a present for Obama .
Brazil has been mulling whom to pick to renew its Air Force 's fighter fleet , and , whereas Lula favored France , Roussel canceled that option and may be leaning toward the US .
The right has started to regroup , and Obama will surely point to this virtuous cycle as one in which the US has played a positive role , and can continue to do so .
South American governments can afford to disagree with the US , and often do .
They have just elected a new president of the Union of South American Nations -LRB- Unasur -RRB- , whose headquarters are being built in Quito , Equador .
As its name suggests , Unasur 's main raison d'être is to exclude Canada , the US , and Mexico -LRB- in contrast to the Organization of American States -RRB- .
None of this holds true for Mexico , Central America , and the Caribbean islands -- mainly the Dominican Republic , but eventually Cuba , too , and , in its own way , Haiti .
He put his money where his mouth was by running for Peru 's presidency , and he became a virtual king-maker by throwing his support to Ollanta Humala , who has apparently abandoned populism to embrace the tenets of the modern Latin American democratic left .
Vargas Llosa initially declared that the choice was between AIDS and cancer , but later secured commitments from Humala on economic policy , democratic rule , and a one-term administration . With those conditions met , the novelist endorsed the former military officer with a penchant for coups and quirky ideas .
The problem with all of this lies in the risk that Vargas Llosa and so many other Latin American public intellectuals run whenever they throw their considerable reputations and talents into the political arena .
One can admire Vargas Llosa for his courage in taking the plunge , without being entirely convinced that it was the right plunge to take .
MEXICO CITY -- When the United Nations voted for what was known as partition and created the State of Israel 64 years ago , subsequently granting it full membership , several Latin American countries -- Brazil , El Salvador , Argentina , Colombia , Chile , Honduras -- abstained , or , in the case of Cuba , voted against the relevant resolutions .
In the coming weeks , most Latin American countries will vote in favor of some form of UN membership or recognition of statehood that the Palestinian Authority is seeking . But some will not .
The issue is not a simple one for the Security Council 's two Latin American non-permanent members , Brazil and Colombia , or for Cuba , Nicaragua , Venezuela , Costa Rica , Argentina , Bolivia , Chile , Ecuador , Peru , Uruguay , and Honduras , which have already recognized Palestine , but have not yet voted to grant it `` observer '' status at the UN .
To become a full-fledged UN member , the Security Council must recommend the move to the General Assembly ; but upgrading the Palestinian Authority 's status to that of the Vatican -- which in theory would allow it to participate in many UN agencies , including the International Criminal Court -- requires only a two-thirds vote in the General Assembly .
In any case , the political consequences overshadow legal or bureaucratic issues . Forcing the US to use its veto in the Security Council , or obtaining the support of more than 150 of the UN 's 193 member states in the General Assembly , would be a huge defeat for Israel and the US , which is why the Latin American votes are important .
Most other Latin American countries would probably vote in favor of some sort of enhanced status for the Palestinian Authority .
Now , as then , most Latin American countries have not taken a principled stand -- either for or against Israel , or for or against the Palestinians .
Latin Americans ' lack of conviction on such grave matters -- with the exception of the ALBA countries , which have the wrong convictions , but nonetheless believe in them almost religiously -- has marginalized the region on other important international issues , such as the recent crisis in Libya , and the ongoing one in Syria .
And now , on the European and American attempt to impose UN-mandated sanctions on Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad , the BRICS have gone from bad to worse .
Given their growing role in the global economy , it is understandable that larger Latin American countries , along with the other BRICS , are seeking a more influential world role .
In recent weeks , many observers of the Latin American military situation have detected what could be the beginning of a new arms race in the region .
Even Chile , after a lengthy process of weighing its options , is still pondering whether to acquire a dozen American-built jet fighters or a joint Swedish-Brazilian alternative .
High oil prices allow Venezuela to go on this military spending spree , and there seems little that anybody can do about it .
O Brasil , país grande '' is a universal slogan in South America 's giant -- a country that has borders with nine neighbors and fears that its distant jungle frontiers can not easily be patrolled .
But the question everywhere in Latin America is whether it would not be a better idea to implement former -- and perhaps future -- Costa Rican President Oscar Arias 's idea of Latin American disarmament , to turn `` spending on swords '' into investments in ploughshares .
Indeed , it could be the cornerstone of a new program for the next Secretary General of the Organization of American States , who is to be elected in the coming weeks .
Obviously , I am rooting for the Mexican candidate , Foreign Minister Luis Ernesto Derbez .
Stopping Latin America 's budding arms race is about as good an idea as there can be .
Indeed , corruption scandals have been a fixture on the region 's landscape since time immemorial .
But this scandal , unlike many others before it , is taking place in a consolidated democratic environment , and on the left .
Clearly , the Brazilian left , like its Venezuelan , Argentine , Uruguayan , Mexican , and Bolivian counterparts , has not been inoculated against corruption .
The paradox of Brazil 's current corruption scandal , and of the widespread corruption of the Mexican left in Mexico City , is that the advent of democracy , which has unveiled , documented , and focused attention on corruption , is largely a product of the left 's struggle over the past two decades in both countries .
The answers lie mostly in the extent of the scandal and the facts , but also in the jaded nature of many Latin Americans to accusations of corruption : everybody does it , and the left is no worse than the rest .
One hopes that Lula can survive without having to rely on such cynicism .
But Mexicans have been duly warned about how López Obrador will run the country should he be elected to succeed Vicente Fox as president : the same way he ran their capital city .
After I 've given a lecture or a course on homosexuality , explaining at length why it can no longer be considered an illness , the questions are always the same : `` What are the symptoms ? ''
`` How can one prevent it in one 's children ? ''
Although science disproved these explanations decades ago , they still prevail in Mexican popular culture because they all fit into that culture 's rigid , polarized definitions of masculinity and femininity .
Anything that violates traditional gender stereotypes is severely sanctioned in Mexican society ; therein lies the true foundation of homophobia .
The fact that both members of a couple have an income , and the autonomy that comes with work , produces an equality that is rarely seen in heterosexual Mexican marriage .
For all of these reasons , homosexuality poses a serious threat to the ideas that underlie Mexican society .
But we have long known that coronaviruses can cause dreadful diseases in domestic animals .
Veterinarians and farmers have long known of a coronavirus that can kill 90 % or more of young pigs .
Less well known is the fact that cats and dogs are infected by a coronavirus that can also cause disease in pigs .
The cat coronavirus can cause lethal abdominal disease in cats , while some strains of the chicken coronavirus cause kidney disease rather than just bronchitis .
The outcome can be the same if we trap , enclose , and trade wild animals , such as civet cats , which seems to be the scenario that led to SARS in humans .
On occasion , however , the virus mutates to a lethal form that can kill almost 100 % of its victims .
But it can provide a political framework and institution-building support to improve the deficiencies that made these countries so vulnerable to the crisis : imperfect market economies , weak state institutions , and continued corruption .
In most of these countries , democratic development has not yet reached a point where a change in government is a routine part of political life and can take place without risking the country 's stability .
Those with a sense of history will also see the significance of Europe 's nation states , which not long ago fought each other continuously , now pooling their foreign policies in order to assert them more vigorously on the global stage .
A sustainable globalization process is not only a paramount interest for Europe itself , but also the only way that we can continue to lift billions of people out of poverty and create better foundations for the rule of the law and global governance in countries still lacking in these respects .
This `` dealers ' peace '' can be explained by the Mexican government 's policy of tolerance , which sought a degree of equilibrium between the drug cartels and the state in terms of trafficking routes and the territories that the cartels infiltrated .
But the country 's rampant violence has created an environment of insecurity that complicates everyday life for many Mexicans .
But corruption remains a profound and persistent threat to this effort , and if the government can not reduce it significantly -- especially among its anti-drug forces -- a return to tolerance is inevitable .
LONDON , ONTARIO -- Progress is being made against many types of cancer , with more patients surviving longer , thanks to research on two fronts : improved methods for earlier detection , and development of therapies that are more effective and less toxic .
Indeed , it is estimated that there are now more than 10 million cancer survivors in the United States alone , and this number has been steadily increasing .
And improved therapies mean that patients can be treated with drugs that work better -LRB- and that patients are more likely to receive the full dose needed -RRB- .
But our dramatic progress in detecting and treating cancer has also led to growing awareness of the problem of tumor dormancy : a patient appears to be cured , only to have the same cancer return years or even decades later .
In breast cancer or melanoma , for example , recurrences 25 years after initial treatment have been reported .
With a growing number of cancer survivors , we need to understand better the twin processes of tumor dormancy and metastatic cancer recurrence .
While remarkable progress has been made in understanding the biology of cancer -- leading in part to the development of new , less toxic drugs -- our understanding of the biology of tumor metastasis , and especially the development of metastases after a long period of tumor dormancy , has lagged .
We do know that metastasis is a very inefficient process , with most cancer cells that escape into the blood stream failing to form metastatic tumors in distant organs .
Recent studies -- from both the laboratory and the clinic -- suggest that many cancer cells that leave the primary tumor may lodge themselves in new organs and go into a dormant state .
This means that adjuvant cancer therapy , designed to kill presumed micrometastatic disease , may be missing an important fraction of disseminated cancer cells , some of which may eventually wake up .
Moreover , we are beginning to identify molecular mechanisms that regulate the entry of cancer cells into a dormant state , as well as their re-awakening at later times .
But , given the growing numbers of cancer survivors , the need for this knowledge is becoming more pressing .
For example , in some types of breast cancer , patients may be treated for more than a decade with anti-hormone therapies , and these long-term treatments are working -- they are successful at preventing some of the cancer recurrences that occur with shorter treatment .
But , while these long-term therapies are relatively safe , they do have side-effects , and the number of cancer recurrences that they prevent is small .
Are there features of the primary cancer , or of individual patients , that can help us predict who will develop late recurrences and metastatic disease ?
What if late recurrences simply can not be predicted at diagnosis ?
It may be that many cancer patients harbor disseminated tumor cells , and not all of these cells are destined to re-awaken .
In some ways , the success of cancer research is fueling pressure to `` cure '' cancer quickly , steering clinical and laboratory researchers away from the tricky problems of metastasis and long-term tumor dormancy .
This focus ultimately may be shortsighted , as the increasing number of cancer survivors leads to an increase in late recurrences .
Metastases , not the primary tumor , are responsible for most cancer deaths .
If we are to continue to improve on cancer survival statistics , we need to learn how to prevent , delay , or thwart the processes that give rise to metastatic disease .
What 's striking about Ortega 's move is that he is ready to risk so much political capital , not only expelling Lewites from the party but canceling his challenger 's permits to hold political rallies and forbidding him to use Sandinista party symbols .
A new Latin American left is developing , but Ortega is not part of it .
Between them , the two caudillos control 90 % of the parliament , the Supreme Court , and the Electoral Commission . Together , they can keep Nicaragua 's current president , Enrique Bolaños , in check indefinitely .
If Alemán blocks Montealegre 's candidacy in the PLC and pushes him to form another political party , Ortega 's chances for winning the presidency increase sharply .
If voters continue to lean toward Lewites and Montealegre , the two candidates could elect more deputies to the National Assembly than the Sandinistas and the PLC combined .
After the voting , the authorities of my jurisdiction posted a copy of the certificate of results on the door of the Electoral Board , which registered 155 votes for the opposition candidate , 76 votes for the candidate of the Sandinista National Liberation Front -LRB- FSLN -RRB- and two votes for other candidates .
The next day , however , the results from my board were not included on the Supreme Electoral Board -LRB- CSE -RRB- Web site with the results of Managua , and victory was awarded to the FSLN candidate .
The European Union has suspended $ 70 million in aid . The outgoing American administration froze $ 64 million of assistance , leaving a final decision on what to do to the new Obama administration .
In this , Americans are finding out that they now have more in common with many members of the international community than they had ever imagined possible .
Americans , too , are now recovering from a brutal act of violent dislocation , a phenomenon the United States has long been spared , but one familiar in many places around the world .
The events of September 11th hit America because of who Americans are , and those events transformed the moral horizon of the world community .
Yet , even so , Americans are not alone in living in the aftermath of violence .
Some westerners , while lamenting Ahmedinejad 's insensitivity , have struggled to minimize the significance of his Holocaust denial as the fulminations of a misguided fanatic -LRB- as if misguided fanaticism were an incidental quality in a nation 's president -RRB- . This misses the point .
It can not explain why pain involves emotion and cognition .
Individual memory , beliefs , cultural background , and personal meaning all shape pain , so that an injury that is horrible to one person can be a minor discomfort to another .
Why seemingly healthy body areas can hurt persistently , and thereby disable a person , still eludes explanation .
Some researchers are finding that long-lasting injury signals in neural pathways can change the way those pathways function , and over long periods of time , relentless signals of injury can even alter neural structures themselves .
India 's Illiterate Revolution The United States has long been divided over what it calls `` affirmative action , '' a system of racial preferences intended to overcome the lingering consequences of slavery and discrimination against black Americans .
Quality education is the single greatest asset that a nation can give to its people .
It also happens to be the least expensive and most cost-effective support that government can provide .
After all , with the rate of functional literacy at only 37.5 % , they can easily manipulate the votes of uneducated people with alcohol , pop slogans , and intimidation .
Among the most fervent supporters of Obama in the US have been the nearly three million-strong Indian-American community .
`` You ca n't swing a dead cat in the Obama camp without hitting an Indian-American , '' said an Obama advisor .
In the run up to the election , many Indians could not believe that an African-American would ever be chosen to reside in the White House .
Though candidates tend to rollback from protectionist stances once they come to power , the Democrats ' control of both houses of Congress may not give Obama that leeway .
One element in such a policy of reassurance , repeatedly said by Obama and most recently in a television interview , is to `` try to resolve the Kashmir crisis so that they -LRB- Pakistan -RRB- can stay focused not on India , but on the situation with those militants . ''
Indeed , the protagonists of caste politics and caste-based public policy simply can not validate their assertions , offering only small-sample surveys that can be grossly misleading in the context of a huge country characterized by monumental diversity .
Among the middle-ranking , agricultural castes , some had high economic status due to improved agriculture , brought about by canal irrigation and commercialization .
Castro can deny their simple truths like a Cuban King Lear , but Rivero and others persist .
The American left , long silent on Cuba , has cleared its throat .
`` Now , like T.S. Eliot , I can say , ` April is the cruelest month . '
So , unlike the East Europeans who overthrew their corrupt political leaders in 1989 , and some Latin Americans who did so more recently in Bolivia , Argentina , and Ecuador , Cubans have failed to rally against Castro .
Moreover , unlike other luxury-loving Latin American leaders , Cuban officials do not flaunt lavish lifestyles .
Despite a moribund economy , Castro still delivers what the majority of Latin American residents fail to get - free health care and education and a relatively drug - and crime-free environment .
`` If they had just given it out equally to the entire Mexican population , '' Deverajan says , `` it would have reduced poverty by 13 % . ''
They want to breathe , but life with a patriarchal tyrant can be suffocating .
Because Latin American countries enjoy the billions of dollars that their countrymen in the United States send home , they should take note of how many of their benefactors are being treated by American officials .
Undocumented workers pick America 's crops , clean Americans ' houses , and serve Americans their food , but their fate simply does not matter to many US citizens .
But the anti-immigrant vitriol of the 1990 's , which pushed California 's legislature to impose the ban , remains strong , and not even the immigrant Terminator can muster the courage to fight it .
Instead , Schwarzenegger , like other Americans , makes laws in the belief that nine million undocumented workers do not matter .
Latin America : Forgotten in the US Vote Berkeley &#45; &#45; As voters in the United States handicap the presidential race , Latin Americans can watch and imagine what a President Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama or John McCain might do for their countries .
Which candidate is best for Latin America ? Does it make any difference if Barak Obama or Hillary Clinton is the Democratic nominee and does it matter if one of them or the Republican John McCain wins in November ?
In the last 16 years , however , the Democratic and Republican presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush have offered virtually the same take : free trade all the way .
For now , the biggest Latin American issue for North Americans is the estimated 12 million undocumented immigrants in the U.S. -- most of whom speak Spanish . Say what you want about free trade , but in many countries , humans have replaced sugar , bananas and coffee as the number one export .
So , a first question for Latin America should be how do the candidates differ on treating the undocumented countrymen already in the US ?
While the far right in the Republican Party would prefer these immigrants return home -- a move that would be devastating to Latin America as well as the United States -- all of the presidential candidates have clearer heads .
McCain , Clinton and Obama support `` comprehensive reform '' -- code words for the ying and yang of managing anti-immigrant sentiment here : give Americans some promises of secure borders and they 'll swallow giving the undocumented a path to citizenship . -LRB- No one mentions in this bargain , that the United States has already spent billions to secure ouitsr borders and nonetheless some 500,000 illegal immigrants a year continue to come , but that 's another story . -RRB-
But , again , Obama was the earliest and the most insistent on more equitable fair trade , so he 's the more likely to have a different take than his rivals . Also , Governor Bill Richardson of New Mexico , the former US Ambassador to the United Nations , who is of Latin American descent and now supports Obama , has an affinity for Latin America .
Latin Americans might even ask -- do the candidates really care about us ? After all , U.S. corn-based ethanol production is creating havoc on food prices and no one in the presidential race seems upset .
It 's a cheer that means one thing : tortillas are only going to get more expensive . Given what the candidates have said so far about Latin America , that 's a trend unlikely to change .
While China 's rulers aspire to shape a Sino-centric Asia , their efforts to intimidate smaller neighbors hardly make China a credible candidate for Asian leadership .
After all , genuine leadership can not come from raw power , but only from other states ' consent or tacit acceptance .
It demands the power of ideas that can galvanize others .
In the absence of an answer to that question , China 's overly assertive policies have proven a diplomatic boon for the US in strengthening and expanding American security arrangements in Asia .
The third and fourth scenarios can unfold even if the US remains the principal security anchor for Asia .
China , significantly , has been involved in the largest number of military conflicts in Asia .
After all , frontiers are never significantly redrawn at the negotiating table , but only on the battlefield , as China has shown in the past .
By picking territorial fights with its neighbors , China is not only reinforcing old rivalries , but is also threatening Asia 's continued economic renaissance -- showing that it is not a credible candidate to lead Asia .
Significantly , Obama restricted his tour to Asia 's leading democracies -- India , Indonesia , Japan , and South Korea -- which surround China and are central to managing its rise .
Even as Vietnam moves closer to the US as a hedge against China 's muscular strategy , some Vietnamese leaders fear that the Americans remain committed to regime change .
For the US , China 's rising power actually helps validate American forward military deployments in the Asian theater .
The Afghan Taliban and their sponsors , the Pakistan military , simply want to wait out the Americans .
Significantly , in contrast to its increasingly vituperative attacks on the Dalai Lama , China has not denounced -LRB- or derecognized -RRB- its Karmapa , although his flight to India signaled its failure to retain the loyalty of a supposed puppet .
Yet natural disasters like storms , hurricanes , and tsunamis are becoming more common , owing to climate change , which will also cause a rise in ocean levels , making seaside reactors even more vulnerable .
In 1992 , Hurricane Andrew caused significant damage at the Turkey Point nuclear-power plant on Biscayne Bay , Florida , but , fortunately , not to any critical systems .
Yet today 's heady talk of freedom can not obscure the reality that the people 's `` revolution '' has so far led only to a direct military takeover , with the decades-old emergency law still in force and the country 's political direction uncertain .
The intervention has seemingly been driven by a geopolitical imperative to bottle up or eliminate Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi so that his regime can not exploit the political vacuum in neighboring Egypt and Tunisia .
This , in turn , underlines another fundamental reality -- that the fight against international terrorism can not be won without demilitarizing and de-radicalizing Pakistan , including by rebalancing civil-military relations there and reining in the country 's rogue Inter-Services Intelligence agency .
Significantly , as the CIA closed in on bin Laden , the chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , Admiral Mike Mullen , for the first time publicly linked the Pakistani military with some of the militants attacking US forces in Afghanistan .
Today , amid a rising tide of anti-Americanism , US policy on Pakistan is rapidly unraveling .
Even as Americans exult over bin Laden 's killing , the US government must recognize that its failed policy on Pakistan has inadvertently made that country the world 's main terrorist sanctuary .
Without reform of the Pakistani army and ISI , there can be no end to transnational terrorism -- and no genuine nation-building in Pakistan .
How can Pakistan be a `` normal '' state if its army and intelligence agency remain outside civilian oversight and decisive power remains with military generals ?
With bin Laden dead , the only way that Al Qaeda can reconstitute itself is if the Pakistani military succeeds in reinstalling a proxy regime in Afghanistan .
The insurrection against Pakistani rule in the mineral-rich southern province of Baluchistan may impede China 's plan to turn Gwadar into an energy transshipment hub to transport Gulf and African oil to western China by pipeline .
Let 's be clear : America 's Afghan war is not winnable , even though Obama has redefined American goals from defeating the Taliban to preventing Al Qaeda from using Afghanistan as a base to launch attacks on the United States .
But Al Qaeda is no longer a serious factor in the Afghan war , where the principal combatants are now the American military and the Taliban , with its associated militias and private armies .
Without a large ground force in Afghanistan or even major ground operations , the US can hold Al Qaeda 's remnants at bay in their havens in the mountainous tribal regions of Pakistan through covert operations , Predator drones , and cruise-missile attacks .
Indeed , US intelligence experts believe that Al Qaeda already is badly fragmented and in no position to openly challenge American interests .
Had Obama 's goal been to rout the Taliban , a further military surge may have made sense , because a resurgent Taliban can be defeated only through major ground operations , not by airstrikes and covert action alone .
On the contrary , it would remove the Taliban 's unifying element and unleash developments -- a vicious power struggle in Afghanistan along sectarian and ethnic lines -- whose significance would be largely internal or regional .
After all , it was American air power , combined with the Northern Alliance 's ground operations , which ousted the Taliban in 2001 .
In fact , the most likely outcome of any Afghan power struggle triggered by an American withdrawal would be to formalize the present de facto partition of Afghanistan along ethnic lines -- the direction in which Iraq , too , is headed .
As in Iraq , an American withdrawal would potentially unleash forces of Balkanization .
An American pullout actually would aid the fight against international terrorism .
In addition , China has identified another mega-dam site on the Brahmaputra at Daduqia , which , like Metog , is to harness the force of a nearly 3,000-meter drop in the river 's height as it takes a sharp southerly turn from the Himalayan range into India , forming the world 's longest and steepest canyon .
After the Soviet disintegration , even Russia emerged as a credible candidate for democratic reform .
Aside from the retreat of democracy in Russia , China -- now the world 's oldest autocracy -- is demonstrating that when authoritarianism is entrenched , a marketplace of goods and services can stymie the marketplace of political ideas .
But , just when America 's Sino-centric Asia policy became noticeable , Japan put the US on notice that it can not indefinitely remain a faithful servant of American policies . Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama 's government is seeking to realign foreign policy and rework a 2006 deal for the basing of US military personnel on Okinawa .
The Indo-Australian agreement received little attention , but such is its significance that it mirrors key elements of Australia 's security accord with Japan -- and that between India and Japan .
At present , China 's rising power helps validate American forward military deployments in East Asia .
Today , they need to find ways to reconcile their interests in Asia so that they can coexist peacefully and prosper .
But there can be no denying that these three leading Asian powers and the US have different playbooks : America wants a uni-polar world but a multi-polar Asia ; China seeks a multi-polar world but a uni-polar Asia ; and Japan and India desire a multi-polar Asia and a multi-polar world .
Whichever candidate wins Sri Lanka 's presidential election on January 26 will have to lead that small but strategically located island-nation in a fundamentally different direction -- from making war , as it has done for more than a quarter-century , to making peace through ethnic reconciliation and power sharing .
When Rajapaksa decided last November to call an early election to help cash in on his war-hero status with the Sinhalese , he had a surprise waiting for him : anticipating the move , Fonseka submitted his resignation so that he could stand against the incumbent as the common opposition candidate .
How elusive the peace dividend remains can be seen from the government 's decision to press ahead with the expansion of an already-large military .
Individuals can still be held in unacknowledged detention for up to 18 months .
Neither of the two main candidates , though , has promised to tackle the country 's key challenge : transforming Sri Lanka from a unitary state into a federation that grants provincial and local autonomy .
At a time when cyber attacks are increasing worldwide , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was right to declare that an attack on one nation 's computer networks `` can be an attack on all . ''
And , like ocean piracy and airplane hijacking , cyber-crime can not be allowed to go unpunished if we are to safeguard our common assets and collective interests .
If anything , China has proven that a country can blend control , coercion , and patronage to stymie the Internet 's politically liberalizing elements .
Canadian researchers have discovered a vast Chinese surveillance system called `` GhostNet , '' which can compromise computers in organizations abroad through booby-trapped e-mail messages that automatically scan and transfer documents to a digital storage facility in China . This is what happened when computers of the Tibetan government-in-exile in Dharamsala , India , were attacked last year .
The targets also can face Trojan-horse attacks by e-mail intended to breach their computers and allow the infiltrators to corrupt or transfer files remotely .
Through the use of so-called `` false-flag espionage '' and other methods , attacks can be routed through the computers of a third country .
China interpreted that crisis as symbolizing both the decline of the Anglo-American brand of capitalism and the weakening of American economic power .
Today , the US can not adopt the same approach with China , largely because China is also a military and political power , and the US depends on Chinese support on a host of international issues -- from North Korea and Burma to Iran and Pakistan .
During an eight-nation 2007 African tour , Chinese President Hu Jintao made a point of meeting with Chinese businesses to stress the importance of corporate responsibility in their local dealings .
Chinese companies can not get thousands of prisoners released on their own , let alone secure passports and exit permits for them .
Should , or can , China achieve long-term growth only by adding physical structures ?
Indeed , while China 's new stimulus plan overwhelmingly emphasizes infrastructure , it gives short shrift to social programs , such as health care and education , even though they can reduce household saving pressure and increase private consumption .
When most households own no productive assets , they can not share any of the asset appreciation or property income .
But wages have grown at a far slower pace than GDP . No wonder domestic consumption can not grow in a manner commensurate with GDP .
This can be done by putting these assets into national wealth funds and distributing the funds ' shares to citizens at no cost .
Without such structural reforms or returning fiscal surpluses to families through tax cuts and rebates , government investment-based stimulus efforts can provide , at best , a short-term economic boost .
They can not transform China 's export - and investment-oriented political-economic system .
Underlying these various , and often banal , tidbits of information -- it should be no surprise that Americans found Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi `` vain , '' or regarded Zimbabwe 's Robert Mugabe as a `` crazy old man '' -- is the larger question of whether governments should be able to keep secrets .
Second , the identities and activities of a service 's operational staff should be withheld , so that they can do their jobs and to ensure their safety .
Avoiding embarrassment may at times be in the national interest , but it can also protect the careers of politicians and bureaucrats .
In place of candid assessments and provocative analysis , many important decisions will now be based on oral briefings and meetings that are not recorded in minutes .
In an interview with an American newspaper , he reminded Taiwan that China would `` pay any price to safeguard the unity of the motherland . ''
Facing re-election and preoccupied with Iraq , President Bush can not afford a crisis in the Far East .
Taiwan has also allowed mini-links to be opened so that the residents of Kinmen -LRB- an offshore island -RRB- and Xiamen -LRB- a port city of China -RRB- can enjoy unrestrained travel across the Strait .
So in terms of cross-Straits stability , China can be said to be every bit as provocative as Taiwan , and matters may yet spin out of control if leaders on both sides continue their recklessness .
Intimidation and suppression can only breed hostility among ordinary Taiwanese .
Returning home from a trip to three Central American allies , Premier Yu Shyi-kun 's entourage was forced to transit in Okinawa to escape the effects of Typhoon Aere , inciting a protest from China against Japan 's government .
Similarly , a higher electoral threshold for winning seats should counter vote buying by candidates .
For millennia , medical practitioners have harnessed substances from nature for treatments and cures : aspirin from the willow and , more recently , TaxolÔ -- the groundbreaking anti-cancer drug -- from the bark of the Pacific yew .
But this can happen only if nature 's cornucopia is conserved , so that current and future generations of researchers can make new discoveries that benefit patients everywhere .
While hibernating bears can also survive for seven months or more without excreting their urinary wastes , humans would die from the buildup of these toxic substances after only a few days .
The wood frog can survive long periods of freezing temperatures without suffering cell damage .
Clinical trials indicate significant pain relief for advanced cancer and AIDS patients .
In other words , renewable energy ca n't be relied upon to provide power 24 hours a day , seven days a week : wind does n't always spin the turbines on the hill , the sun can not shine on solar power stations at night , and even hydroelectricity can run short if the rains do n't come .
It limits how much of these types of renewable power can usefully be fed into the world 's electricity grids .
The engineering solution is to keep a large amount of reliable base-load power as a major component of the generating mix and supplement this with `` peaking plants '' that can be brought on-line when needs arise .
But conventional geothermal power requires a natural source of large quantities of steam or hot water , and such sources are usually found only in volcanic regions , which rules out its use in large parts of the world .
But it is the economics of HDR geothermal that will eventually determine its long-term role , because deep boreholes are expensive to drill , and their costs must be met before power stations can begin to generate electricity .
These first power stations will develop the operational and financial performance histories that will be necessary before HDR geothermal energy can begin making an impact on world energy supplies .
The cries of working children can be heard the world over .
In Asia and the Pacific , children routinely work endless hours , sleep on factory floors and subsist on scanty rations .
For thousands of South American , Caribbean , and African children rented out as maids and houseboys , there is no recourse when they are overworked , beaten , and raped .
As an official of Kenya 's Child Welfare Society concedes , `` There is little we can do to help when a child is ill-treated unless the case becomes known to us or to the police . ''
There is little that officials can do to monitor or modify the children 's workloads on large farms or small family enterprises .
The young worker does not learn how to play , or how to read and write ; worse , he smokes and , in the Caribbean , he drinks cane rum to keep going , as he does n't have enough to eat .
Musharraf 's vulnerable domestic position makes him probably the last man who can resolve with India the core issue of Kashmir .
Seen as too pro-American because of his support of the recent war in Afghanistan , Musharraf needs to burnish his nationalist credentials .
The United States and Europe 's mature democracies may function well enough with the `` checks and balances '' of divided government -LRB- though the Republicans ' bid to impeach President Clinton a few years ago might suggest otherwise -RRB- , but in Asia the failure to bestow executive and legislative powers on a single institution is usually a terrible drawback .
Finger pointing replaces responsibility , fueling popular demand for a strongman -LRB- or woman -RRB- who can override political divisions .
Abraham Lincoln was right : a house divided against itself can not stand .
At the opposite end of the spectrum , Scandinavia is notorious among economists for high taxes and government spending . Wage income is effectively taxed at a whopping rate of 50-67 % .
How can we transform the economic cultures of poor societies to be more like rich ones ?
From computers and scanners to mobile devices , an increasing number of humans spend much of their conscious lives interacting with the world through electronics , the only barrier between brain and machine being the senses -- sight , sound , and touch -- through which humans and devices interface .
But remove those senses from the equation , and electronic devices can become our eyes , ears and even arms and legs , taking in the world around us and interacting with it through software and hardware .
And patients with end-stage Parkinson 's disease can be treated with deep brain stimulation -LRB- DBS -RRB- .
And the question will certainly loom that if functions can be restored for those in need , is it right to use these technologies to enhance the abilities of healthy individuals ?
And , while many Parkinson 's patients report significant benefits from DBS , it has shown a greater incidence of serious adverse effects , such as nervous system and psychiatric disorders and a higher suicide rate .
For Europe , this means that money that would otherwise go to peacekeeping and humanitarian assistance can largely be saved and used in part for development .
Such leadership can stymie politically motivated challenges to the referendum 's result and preempt a period of uncertainty that increases tensions on the ground .
The $ 82 billion `` emergency supplemental '' bill to finance American military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan leaves the United States spending more money on military power than is needed on a yearly basis to permit every child in the world to receive , within one decade , both primary and secondary education .
Clearly , the question is not whether universal education is affordable , but whether America and the world can afford to neglect the political , economic , social , and health benefits of educating the roughly 380 million children around the globe who currently do not attend school .
Based on a five-year project that we led at the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , we believe that the UPE goal is not ambitious enough : the world should aim for , and can achieve , high-quality , universal secondary education , as well as universal primary education .
Creating the necessary space to accommodate universal enrollment will require significant investment .
This form of political racketeering may win elections , but it sabotages any opportunity to experience , or to perceive , politics as a process that can contribute to global development .
Then there are those who believe that EU enlargement has prevented greater `` deepening , '' and who , with scant regard for the past or the future , argue that pursuing the latter requires abandoning the former .
But who can reasonably claim to know what shape the EU will need to take to meet the challenges of the next 50 or 100 years ?
Only by enlarging the scope of EU decision-making , backed by the commitment of equally responsible partners , can Europe meet the shared challenges of a common future .
The terrorist attacks on the United States of September 11 , 2001 , galvanized American interest in the southern Philippines .
Mere weeks after the planes hit , Pentagon planners negotiated a return of American troops to Mindanao for the first time since the colonial era .
Like the Palestinians , however , the MILF is riven by factions , and its leaders can not , or will not , exclude terrorists from areas that they control .
American forces are probing the sanctuaries in the guise of training exercises , and they are backing targeted air strikes .
Such a vacuum can be created only by government leaders who are too cowardly to devise and enforce their own defense policy .
Women and the American Presidential Campaign
Women and the American Presidential Campaign OLYMPIA , WASHINGTON -- Barack Obama and John McCain are the two contenders in America 's presidential election this year , but the campaign has also been dominated by two very different women , Hillary Clinton and Sarah Palin .
So , to paraphrase Sigmund Freud , `` What do American women want ? ''
The women gravitating back to the Republicans , according to conventional wisdom , are `` security moms '' -- suburban wives and mothers who started worrying about their families ' safety after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
In fact , the shift to Republicans since 2001 was largely confined to Southern white women .
Women also tend to be more sympathetic to efforts to reduce income inequality , although African-American men are just as `` compassionate '' on these issues as African-American women .
Those who can or must support themselves outside marriage tend to favor expanding economic opportunities for women and to oppose laws and values that give familial authority to husbands and fathers .
Women who plan to postpone marriage while building their careers are far more likely to want to ensure that they can avoid or end an unintended pregnancy .
This summer , the Pew Research Center found that only 20 % of Republicans said they would support a female candidate who had school-age children .
Today , those same Republicans seem to find nothing to criticize in the fact that Palin returned to work three days after the birth of her last child . In supporting a woman 's choice to combine motherhood with a demanding job , social conservatives now seem to agree with long-time feminists .
You can not do business with the Great Satan .
In such a world , interests must come first , because we can not negotiate about values .
Genocide can not be defended on the grounds of pluralism .
Abolition of the slave trade , or the triumph of socialism , or the spread of human rights and democracy can all be deemed a national interest .
In practice , order must be established before it can be limited by the rule of law and international human rights norms .
Even so , the country must now , year after year , increase its military expenses so that it can begin to approximate NATO standards .
Unlike joining the EU , which can provide important development funds , joining NATO means only sacrifice .
No matter how inconsistent such attitudes appear to be , they remain widespread and can not be overlooked , because they suggest that people here conceive of NATO as a protective umbrella , not something to which they must contribute .
Directly , it can do nothing ; indirectly , it can do a lot .
No Romanian government can neglect these standards .
Moreover , joining NATO means subsuming Romania 's military and intelligence services under NATO command -LRB- i.e. American -RRB- control , thus any attempt at staging a coup , or stirring up trouble between Romanians and our sizeable Hungarian minority , can be prevented .
Of course , NATO can not safeguard democracy alone and it is no panacea for our many social and political illnesses ; yet it can act -LRB- and has already done so during the process of admission -RRB- as an incentive for governments and parties to behave responsibly and to abide by the rule of law .
`` We must see to it that the pig -- this animal that we , the Romanian nation , can not afford to live without -- is not wiped out . ''
It is an almost pagan sacrifice : in the farm 's backyard the animal is held down by a pair of strong men , the pig squealing as much as it can .
Either Romania , as an EU applicant , complies with these regulations or it must abandon pig breeding on a familiar scale and , as a consequence , increase the share of pork importation .
Indeed , most people can not afford proper medication , and hospitals suffer from gross under-funding .
Our ugly pre-Christmas ritual butchery can be christened a `` traditional , folk custom , '' a sacred rite deeply embedded in the fabric of Romanian nationhood .
Because national , religious , and folk traditions are supposed to be protected across the Union , our unsavory habit of slaughtering squealing pigs can be preserved even as Romania enters the EU .
Middle-aged , greying , Bardot arrived in Bucharest not to remind men , high and low , of her charms but to prevent what she called a `` canine genocide . ''
Of course , you can not `` adopt '' abandoned factories or the unemployed masses in the way that dogs can be adopted .
The Poverty of Stimulus PASADENA , CALIFORNIA -- Most economists think that macroeconomic disruptions , such as the current recession , can be understood in terms of aggregate indicators such as total employment , the price level , and the money supply .
Construction workers can not become software developers overnight .
Automobile companies can not adjust immediately to a change in consumer preferences regarding what type of cars they want to purchase , or how frequently . Would-be financiers can not adjust to these plans overnight .
An obvious question is whether the government can do anything to speed the restructuring process or reduce its cost .
The key is to accept bad news : losses must be recognized before efficient realignment can occur .
Following that , the restructured bank can be recapitalized by raising new debt and equity .
What can be done ?
Forced eradication risks pushing farmers into the hands of extremists , and thus will not lead to the sustainable reduction of opium fields . Indeed , as we have seen in some Andean countries , it can be counter-productive .
This West African state of 1.5 million people is one of the poorest in the world .
The idea sounds logical : a man with a good job that enables him to build a decent life wo n't want to fight Americans or his fellow Iraqis , right ?
In contrast to the Mexican , Chinese , or Russian revolutions , economic disenfranchisement is not driving the current conflict .
They can earn more hanging around with a gun in their hands than by working in construction or trade .
But the EU should not rejoice at this seeming triumph over American `` big business . '' Instead , it should ponder if its policies actually make Europe hospitable for innovating enterprises .
To Bonino , if a company of comparable significance is n't being born in Europe , it is because `` we have n't been able to set up a favorable climate for it to flourish . ''
Indeed , high-tech companies like Microsoft and Intel are particularly unsuitable targets for antitrust policing , because regulators can not possibly move at the speed of ` Internet time . '
The Commission is thus establishing itself as a friendly venue for businesses that can not overcome competitors in the market , and seek a second chance in court .
The idea that it is rational for a company to incur enormous losses by selling below cost in order to achieve or maintain a monopoly position has been roundly criticized by economists who argue that situations in which such losses can be recouped by subsequent monopoly profits are extremely rare .
Most importantly , our emissions of carbon dioxide may cause global climate patterns to depart significantly from their natural course for many millennia to come .
Out of this massacre , however , the tribunal and foreign-backed war-crimes courts in Bosnia and Serbia have delivered the international justice effort 's most significant achievement to date .
With no media fanfare and limited arrest and investigative powers , and despite the foreign-policy and military `` realists '' who dismiss international justice as a pipedream , these judicial institutions have brought justice to Srebrenica 's dead and their survivors , and have demonstrated that justice can be delivered to victims in other conflict areas .
But Serbia 's authorities , facing economic turmoil , can not harbor him much longer if the United States and the European Union exert adequate pressure .
Thanks to the ICTY , anyone can read the transcripts of intercepted calls to deliver more `` packages '' to the killing fields .
Prosecution officials also negligently incinerated personal effects of Srebrenica victims , as well as items discovered in Albania and other evidence , and then obfuscated to dodge a scandal .
New rules and procedures , as well as better training , can minimize such failings .
They can not function beyond a certain level of mutual distrust or a sense on the part of some members that other members have abandoned them .
It is no accident , for example , that Europe 's most successful welfare states were created in ethnically homogeneous Scandinavia .
French identity , for example , is based on the country 's unique brand of republican secularism , known as laïcité .
If we succeed , we can create a sense that we belong together , even though our reasons for believing so may be different .
A society 's sense of solidarity can be sustained only if all of its different spiritual groups recreate their sense of dedication to it : if Christians see it as central to their Christianity , if Muslims see it as central to their Islam , and if the various kinds of lay philosophies see it as central to their philosophies .
They can not afford to switch off any of these engines and hope to maintain a political community .
Well , we can no longer have a civil religion -- not one based on God , nor on laïcité and the rights of man , nor , indeed , on any particular view .
This can succeed only if we engage in vigorous exchange with each other in order to create a kind of mutual respect for these different views .
The nature of these two countries ' bilateral engagement will dictate how the low-carbon economic `` pie '' will get carved up , and thus how fast the global economy as a whole can be transformed .
If a relatively well-off and religious country known as the `` land of smiles '' can so rapidly degenerate into bloody class warfare , what would happen if the Chinese Communist Party lost its monopoly on power ?
Democracies can do a good job of representing the interests of voters , but nobody represents the interests of non-voters -- including future generations and foreigners -LRB- consider global warming -RRB- -- who are affected by government policies .
So desperate is Ethiopia that celebrity causes -- from Bob Geldoff 's Live Aid famine-relief concerts to Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt 's adoption of orphaned babies -- supplement what donors can not possibly provide .
Some newspapers have stoked the country 's ethnic and regional animosities , and can be wildly inaccurate in their reporting .
Whatever happens at the end of the day , the debate about a possible war with Iraq has brought to the surface fundamental issues on which no agreement exists , even among friends , but which will not go away and can not be ignored .
Perhaps this has happened between the US and many Europeans ; if so , the challenge now is to close that gap rather than exploit it , either for unilateral American interest or for enhancing European unity .
Much the same is true among the Asian and Latin American members of the constitution of liberty .
The eventual victory of democracy in 1945 came at a terrible price , and would not have come at all without American intervention .
The first is that democracies can not go to war without at least the tacit consent of their peoples .
There is also the question of whether anything in the texture of Iraqi society can serve as a foundation on which to establish the constitution of liberty in the Tigris\/Euphrates valley .
Asserting Western values in a unified way and then assigning jobs to those who can do them best seems a more effective and dignified approach than the present spectacle of Americans moving forward almost blindly while Europeans try to look away .
Another question may seem more parochial to some but is of equal significance globally : what are we to make of the differences between Europe and America that have become so manifest in the Iraq debate ?
No doubt , the differences that now exist between America and Europe are profound , and are not confined to a temporary cooling of German-American relations or to a half-serious exchange of invectives about `` gun-slinging America '' and `` old Europe . ''
When the British historian Timothy Garton Ash , writing in the New York Review of Books , distinguished the US and Europe by paraphrasing the title of a bestselling book , saying that `` Americans are from Mars , Europeans are from Venus , '' some American readers objected to the sexual portrayal of an effiminate Europe and a macho America .
Yet Garton Ash is among the most pro-American Europeans , whose views of a united Europe are closer to those of his many friends in the `` new '' , postcommunist Europe than to those of France or Germany .
But views about what Europe is and should be are actually at the heart of today 's anti-Americanism .
European culture and American commerce , European profundity and American materialism -- these are ancient and tired themes .
When it comes to values , any attempt to divide the American and the European traditions is misguided .
It may be that these shared values make it more difficult to find the much-desired European identity . But feeding anti-American sentiment , however unintentionally , into the European construction would be intellectually dishonest , morally suspect , and politically dangerous for all freedom-loving Europeans .
There is a point in all these cases that can not be overlooked . Each political leader espoused ideas , policies , or principles that were far ahead of their peoples .
Perhaps they risk more than can be justified .
Is there anything we can learn from the last examples of this kind , from the collapse of communism in Eastern Europe in 1989 , or the end of the Third Reich in Germany in 1945 and the process of `` de-Nazification '' that followed ?
But turnout apart , we have become accustomed to accepting that parties or candidates who receive 25 % of the popular vote are `` winners . ''
Few American Presidents have been supported by much more than 10 % of eligible voters : half of the US 's eligible voters , indeed , are not even registered to vote ; of those who are registered , half do not vote ; of those who do vote , less than half vote for the winning candidate .
Electoral democracy operates in most countries through the intermediary of organizations which put up candidates representing specific bundles of policy options , a `` manifesto '' or a `` platform . ''
Many of the great political scandals of recent decades began with the financing of parties and candidates .
For the less mobile it can be replaced by electronic expressions of views , from Internet chat-rooms to e-mails to political leaders .
But the other signs of disconnection also create a highly unstable condition in which one can never tell how representative the prevailing views are .
But lasting connections between leaders and governed can not be created by reducing public debate to simple referendum alternatives .
I never believed that the `` Third Way '' politics that held such sway in recent years had quite the same significance or intellectual pedigree .
But it does not look as if it can get very far .
A leader can tell the truth , nothing but the truth , but less than the whole truth and yet still be trusted .
For the American President , the appointment of Supreme Court justices is of major importance because the Court has the power to determine the course of affairs in important respects , as in matters of racial equality .
Judges are experts in complexity which can not be said of parliamentarians nor even of the executive .
Political decisions can -- or at any rate , should -- never claim to represent the truth .
Perhaps the German Chancellor hopes that in the shadows of such an all-party Convention he can quietly slip through `` reforms '' that are , for the most part , really cuts in public expenditure for social services .
This is all the more true in view of the fact that the migration of decisions to an ill-defined global space is being accompanied by a widespread demand for more direct forms of democracy that can bring decisions closer to people , regions , and local communities .
Central government can easily starve the regions and local communities of their lifeblood .
When I hear Americans such as US National Security Adviser Condoleeza Rice compare the occupation of Iraq with that of Germany -LRB- and sometimes Japan -RRB- after WWII , distant memories flood in , for I am a child of that experience .
Indeed , in the twelve months following the unconditional surrender of Hitler 's Nazi regime in May 1945 , I lived under serial Russian , American , and British occupation .
In July , when Americans replaced the Soviets in our Berlin district , this changed .
True , my beloved wristwatch -LRB- which I had miraculously saved throughout the weeks of Soviet occupation -RRB- was taken from me by an American soldier on my way home from school .
Suddenly , non-fraternization with Germans -- the American rule -- was replaced by frequent contacts aimed at re-education , especially of the young .
Such differences matter no less in Iraq today , and have done so from the first days of the occupation , when the British took Basra and the Americans Baghdad .
I can still feel , with shame , the sense of being not only unwanted but of being an illegitimate invader in a proud country .
In the American zone the process was slower and controls were stricter than in the British zone , where local politicians were soon entrusted with power .
On the other hand , economic life flourished earlier in the American zone , whereas the British tried to extract direct benefits by , for example , dismantling steel works and bringing the parts to Britain .
In principle , this can be accomplished elsewhere .
In practice however , one can not help wondering whether the German experience resulted from a unique set of circumstances , or at any rate one not easily reproduced under the vastly different conditions of today 's Iraq .
The notion that groups should have equal rights but remain separate was once the ultimate concession of traditionalists in the old segregated American South .
The notion that groups should have equal rights but remain separate was once the ultimate concession of traditionalists in the old segregated American South .
However , where differences can not easily be blurred - those of religion , ethnic and cultural origin , color - common citizenship has not achieved the unity of diversity so many have dreamed about .
The Turks of Berlin , the Bangladeshis of Bradford , the North Africans of the suburbs of Paris have not blended into the surrounding societies .
Popper 's definition avoids theological disputes about the `` rule of the people , '' and whether such a thing can actually exist .
What if the American dream of bringing democracy to that troubled country ends in its citizens electing a fundamentalist movement to power ?
There may be some technical measures that can be taken , like banning parties and candidates who campaign against democracy , or whose democratic credentials are weak .
Yet one can easily see the problems : who judges the eligibility of candidates and how are such judgements enforced ?
The Benelux countries , some Scandinavian states , and many of the new Europeans of East Central Europe have chosen traditionally right-of-centre parties .
Such checks can take many forms . One is to make all such measures temporary by giving these new laws and regulations `` sunset clauses '' that limit their duration .
It is not necessary for us to wait for great catastrophes to occur if we can see them coming .
They prove that up to a point security can be provided without loss of freedom .
Such uncertainty can lead to a frozen state of near-entropy .
This challenge can not really be met by simply promising unlimited opportunities , as they uniquely exist in America .
Ministers frequently resign because they find themselves involved in scandals , often connected in recent times with financing political parties .
Such reasons may conceal more compelling factors , as the recent resignation of American CIA Director George Tenet suggests .
Yet Geoff Hoon , Prime Minister Blair 's defense minister , as well as his American counterpart , Donald Rumsfeld , remain in office .
Neither , to be sure , is clearly involved in a manifest scandal , nor do they disagree with the policies set by their leaders .
If something unacceptable happens without a minister 's direct involvement , he or she can get away with it , or so it seems , by pointing a finger at the bureaucrats or contractors who are responsible for implementing an approved policy .
In parliamentary systems , they can and must appear before the elected representatives of the people and explain what happened .
Civil servants can not defend themselves in the same way ; they have to be defended by their ministers .
He can not escape this responsibility even if the perpetrators are identified and prosecuted .
What it says in Rumsfeld 's case is that there may be no legal or constitutional obligation for a responsible minister to resign over the Iraqi abuse scandal ; but once upon a time it would have been regarded as a matter of honor that he does resign .
The African boat people in the Mediterranean are often not even sure whether they want to be in Italy , Germany , or Britain .
Even those who are certain , like North Africans in Spain and France , or Turks in Germany , had as their priority escaping the hopelessness of their home countries , not arriving at a particular destination .
It was that of the `` melting pot '' : different peoples made their own contribution to American culture , but , above all , they made every effort to accept what they found and integrate .
`` Our ship had a different name , but now we are all Americans . ''
More recently , this has changed , giving rise to a process described by Arthur Schlesinger , the historian and former aide to President John F. Kennedy , in his book The Disuniting of America . No longer are all US citizens Americans .
They have become hyphenated Americans : Italian-Americans , African-Americans , Hispanic-Americans , and so on .
But it can not be had for nothing .
Berlin 's Turkish community and the North African communities around Paris seem increasingly separate , with their own public sphere and often language .
Where this happens , an explosive condition can arise , a kind of separatism within , not by historically separate groups but by newcomers against natives .
The probability of Iraqi elections being held this coming January must be lower than 50 % , and we can be certain that these will not be free and fair elections throughout the entire country .
It has now joined the growing list of the world 's failed states and can at best be described as a potential federation of three states plus the unruly city of Baghdad .
What other exit strategy can it devise ?
The second condition that must be satisfied before elections can be credible is security .
But peace and quiet based on tanks and the threat of air strikes can not be enough .
Lord Ashdown , the High Representative of a coalition of countries in Bosnia-Herzegovina , has set a good example of how the rule of law can be established .
But it can be done .
Such a strategy might even lead to an outcome about which those who want Iraq to join a free world can genuinely say : mission accomplished .
It is a great shame that so many Europeans have steered clear of Iraq with a mixture of self-righteousness and anti-American Schadenfreude .
Missiles and tanks alone can not bring democracy , but coupled with the civil power of sensitive help for the defeated , democracy can be adapted to Iraq and the rest of the Middle East .
Looking back over the turbulent year that is now coming to an end , one is tempted to focus on what American leaders have come to call the Greater Middle East .
Americans may not want their soldiers and military hardware in dozens , if not hundreds , of places around the world , but they accept a president who offers simple -- often martial -- certainties .
One may also wonder whether this president could lead them in another direction , to traditional Republican isolationism .
In any case , security guaranteed by military power will continue to be an American concern .
The US lost some of its attractiveness for many , and Americans are unpopular in many parts of the world .
`` That is not a European problem , '' the Americans responded .
American and European jobs increasingly migrate to China .
Early hints at the reaction could be heard in the American presidential election campaign , with the frequent protests against outsourcing and China 's pegged exchange rate .
Yet one can not help agreeing with Chancellor Schmidt when he sees Europe 's future shrouded in uncertainty .
Pathetic attempts to go it alone have not made Europe stronger , and anti-Americanism harms Europe more than the US .
The defeated candidate , Viktor Yanukovich , contests the result . The country is deeply divided .
Americans find it hard to understand this , as do others in the lucky democracies of the Anglo-Saxon world .
Cardinal Wojtyla 's election as Pope therefore had a significance far beyond the confines of the Church .
He was the counterpoint to Pope John XXIII , who , through the Second Vatican Council of the 1960 's and in numerous other ways , tried to reconcile Catholics with the modern age .
There can be few people who will be recognized as widely all over the globe as John Paul II .
On the other side of the balance sheet , and despite his global outreach , Pope John Paul II can not be described as particularly ecumenical .
The uneasy relationship of money and politics has given rise to several high-profile scandals in recent years .
It may in fact be a particularly cruel form of inequality , as those who do not succeed can not argue that they were unlucky or kept down by those in power .
Such self-help can be encouraged by policies -LRB- which is what Ludwig Erhard , the father of the `` social market economy '' did in Germany -RRB- , but some starting capital helps .
This is where the Marshall Plan of American support became crucial .
As a result , the `` generational contract '' looks less and less viable , because we can no longer rely on today 's workers to pay for today 's pensioners .
Governments must continue to pay benefits to today 's pensioners , and they can do so only by borrowing money to replace the revenues that tomorrow 's pensioners are now diverting to personal insurance schemes .
A plethora of magazines tell pensioners what they can do . Advice ranges from sex in old age to tourism .
Hardly a week goes by without some addition to the already long list of European-American gripes and irritants .
One week it is the UN Security Council vote about a continued US presence in the Bosnia peacekeeping mission . Before that the setting up of the International Criminal Court without American participation set both sides on edge , and the question of whether the Palestinians should be told whom not to elect as their leader .
American unilateralism is in fact a form of `` multilateralism à la carte '' .
Where it suits American interests , international institutions are happily used , and they usually serve European interests .
After all , not every American voted for President Bush , nor is every European a Eurofederalist .
If the issue is competition , Commissioner Mario Monti represents Europe , stridently so , as Americans have learned to their surprise .
Americans are right to point out that Europeans spend an undue amount of time consulting among themselves , and then come up with very little .
Sometimes the two methods - consultation without action in Europe , actions without consultation in the US - can be turned to mutual advantage .
If Europeans do not want to go to war , and Americans do not want to get involved in protracted processes of institution building in distant places , an obvious potential for an international division of labor emerges .
Europeans do not want to fight , not even for their basic values , and Americans think they are fighting only as patriots of their great country .
The third unknown is the performance of the Left Party , a new formation positioned to the left of the SPD and built on East Germany 's ex-communist PDS , with the addition of a significant number of dissident Social Democrats in the West who proclaim themselves to be defenders of the welfare state .
It will also be a government without the Greens , who continue to have a devoted , if limited , clientele , but are now regarded by many as a luxury that Germany can no longer afford .
The very poor can at most be used for occasional demonstrations of anger , but they are not the stuff from which either terrorists or revolutionaries are made .
Opportunities exist , but they can not be seized or realized .
There can be no liberal order without political democracy , but today we are frequently reminded that political democracy alone does not guarantee a liberal order .
Elections can lead to illiberal democracies and worse .
It can not be said too often that democracy and the rule of law are not the same thing .
A vibrant civil society will mobilize when the rule of law is violated , and it can also check the illiberal inclinations of democratic majorities .
In Berlin , there is much concern about the possible desecration of the Holocaust Memorial , although its author , the American architect Peter Eisenmann , takes a relaxed view of what is said and done about his creation .
All freedoms can be abused by liberty 's enemies , but in the case of speech , the risk posed by restricting freedom is surely greater .
But , while it is comfortable to live in the social-democratic world of Scandinavia , Germany , and other European countries , many of them have purchased their equality on credit from future generations .
It also requires a basic economic status , including an income guarantee , which can be provided in a variety of ways .
But individual wealth becomes a problem only if and when it can be used to restrict others ' chances of participation .
The election of the militant and hitherto extra-parliamentary group Hamas in the Palestinian territories reminds us of what democracy can not achieve .
Democracy is about competing parties , and , unless they form a `` grand coalition , '' they can not all win .
Nevertheless , one must wonder about a winning movement with quite a few elected members in Israeli prisons and others who are not likely to get permission to enter the country in which they were elected , so that the new parliament can not function properly .
As the German constitutional court judge Ernst-Wolfgang Böckenförde famously put it , democracies can not create the conditions of their survival and success .
Democracy in the sense of free elections within certain rules does not allow the rest of us to say that the cause of freedom has prevailed and that we can walk away .
By the same token , reducing expectations means that the significance of the results should not be exaggerated .
To many , `` presidentialism '' sounds like the American constitution ; but those who suspect in today 's trend another facet of the Americanization of Europe are wrong .
American presidents have powers which are severely restricted by Congress via the US constitution ; they are but one in a triad of separate powers .
One can think of a number of reasons for the evisceration of parliaments .
These can be the boardrooms of companies , or private international meetings of leaders , or just a course of events which escapes all controls .
This can be done by opinion polls and the use of focus groups ; it can also be achieved by referenda and plebiscites .
It is not a development which defenders of the constitution of liberty can accept .
In a sense , we need more rather than less presidentialism in Europe , at least if this is understood in the proper American way , in which legislative and executive powers are separately legitimated and equally strong .
However , the fate of Bush 's friend , British Prime Minister Tony Blair , shows that lame-duck status can occur even without a constitutional term limit -- indeed , without a written constitution at all .
But , even without such a vow , he would find it difficult after nine years in office to combine a program of reform with a sense of what can be achieved given the mood of his party and of the country .
And was not Silvio Berlusconi 's candidate for the presidency of the Italian Senate , Giulio Andreotti , a junior member of one of Italy 's first post-1945 governments ?
Who can forget Margaret Thatcher 's tears when her `` friends '' told her that her time was up ?
While the US Constitution shows the limits of institutional safeguards , the role of political parties is clearly significant when it comes to limiting terms in power .
Nowadays the two largest parties can rarely hope to muster two-thirds of the popular vote .
There are no social groups on which lasting organizations can be built .
In some cases , they are individuals like President Hugo Chávez of Venezuela -LRB- and other Latin American leaders -RRB- or Italy 's ex-Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi .
Those structures are gone forever , but a liberal-democratic order can not succeed through situational politics built on popular resentments .
It requires a sense of the medium term and a commitment to rational debate of issues , for one tradition that can be revived -- that of enlightened thinking -- is the most important of all .
From the fatwa on Salman Rushdie for The Satanic Verses to the killing of a nun in Somalia in response to Pope Benedict 's Regensburg lecture and the Berlin Opera 's cancellation of a performance of Mozart 's Idomeneo , with its severed heads of religious founders , including Muhammad , we have seen violence and intimidation used to defend a particular religion 's taboos .
Violent responses to unwelcome views are never justified and can not be accepted .
Yet no one thought much about it when American presidents of different faiths swore their oath of office to God and country .
Christian fundamentalism in the United States has come to dominate large segments of the Republican Party .
In Europe , the Vatican lobbied for acknowledgement of God in the preamble to the proposed European Constitutional Treaty .
Islamic fundamentalism -- Islamism -- has spread to all countries in which there are significant numbers of Muslims .
One can understand that enlightened believers in Islam -LRB- of whom there are many -RRB- find it upsetting that the world in which they want to live is in fact frail and vulnerable .
In the free world , people are not forced to read a newspaper or listen to a speech that they do not like , and they can oppose without fear what is said by those in positions of authority .
Today 's counter-Enlightenment fashion can easily get out of hand .
What will G-8 summit meetings be like when American President Hillary Clinton and French President Ségolène Royal join German Chancellor Angela Merkel in a formidable triangle of women 's power ?
The scenario is not altogether unlikely . Indeed , in the United States and France , there are even alternative female candidates for the presidency -LRB- Condoleezza Rice in America , Michelle Alliot-Marie in France -RRB- .
Indeed , another trend may be more significant as far as political leadership is concerned .
On the contrary , her possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
David Cameron prides himself on a successful campaign to make 40 % of all Conservative parliamentary candidates in Britain are women .
No one , man or woman , can today aspire to setting the tone of public discourse without recognizing that politics is no longer only a man 's game .
Whatever the particular values of leading candidates , this is undoubtedly progress .
Established parties seem almost to have an unwritten pact to play down the significance of immigration .
The answer to the question , `` Where do we go if we have to leave ? '' is not usually China or some African country , nor is it any longer much of Latin America .
Fifth , immigration can be treated either as a step towards the full integration of migrants , or as a transitional phase in their lives .
The fact that countries can be turned around is a reason for hope .
In this way , more Portugals and Irelands can be created as the wealth of already prosperous regions is sustained .
-LRB- Incidentally , an even smaller proportion of the American electorate explicitly supported the `` Reagan Revolution '' in the US . -RRB-
Mr Blair can use his 40 % to join the US in its approach to Iraq , and also to spread the doctrine of `` Public Private Partnerships '' at home .
Notwithstanding powerful adversaries both within and outside parliament , for a crucial period political leaders can take determined , decisive action that is regarded as legitimate in the sense that public support outweighs opposition .
Some might argue that at a time when even major parties can no longer hope to gain the support of more than 50 % of the electorate , it is important that parliament reflects the variety of views held by the people who elect it .
This requires parliaments that can both legislate and govern .
Britain has had periods of immobility and stagnation -LRB- in the 1950s and 1970s -RRB- , and Germany has experienced significant change under quantitatively weak government coalitions -LRB- Konrad Adenauer 's post-1949 administration and Willi Brandt 's after 1969 -RRB- .
Even more starkly unbalanced political landscapes can be found in France and Italy , where neither President Chirac nor Prime Minister Berlusconi need fear their challengers ; indeed neither has a challenger to speak of .
How , in particular , can this situation be explained in view of the fact that today 's unchallenged heads of government are -LRB- at least for the most part -RRB- not towering leaders whose charisma shields them from opposition ?
In the EU , European integration is taken for granted by most political parties in the older member states of the Union , but a sizeable portion of these electorates have doubts about it , and in the EU 's candidate countries , the doubts run even stronger .
The nature of the trouble in higher education is similar to that affecting all the public services : a massive growth in demand that can no longer be met from the public purse .
Not much , it is clear , can be gained from increased taxation .
While some still believe that the taxpaying public might be persuaded to spend an additional `` penny in the pound '' -LRB- i.e. , 1 % of tax -RRB- of income tax to keep higher education going , most know that this path can be ruled out for general economic as well as political reasons .
This can be done in several ways : by means tests that impose duties on many parents ; by loans to be repaid under favourable conditions ; by a special tax on graduates ; or by mixtures of such approaches involving a generous system of bursaries as well as charges on well-to-do parents .
More than ever , the American system is regarded as a model .
The American university system is not a `` two-tier '' or `` two-class '' system but one of almost infinite variety .
For the problem of the next generation remains to combine public and private contributions to services that simply can not remain wholly financed by taxpayers and wholly run by public bureaucracies .
The computer metaphor thus implies that living organisms are material systems that , facing an unforeseeable future , arrive at improbable solutions so that some of their progeny can survive in unpredictable conditions .
They should have said , `` We can say with 95 % certainty that between 8,000 and 194,000 excess Iraqi deaths occurred during the period . ''
For now , that is about all that statistics can safely tell us .
As global environmental problems frequently create additional stresses on the local resource bases of the world 's poorest people , GNP growth in rich countries can fuel downward pressure on the wealth of the poor .
Even so , one can argue that current estimates of wealth are biased .
In short , we know that up to some unknown set of limits , knowledge , institutions , and manufactured capital can substitute for natural resources , so that even if an economy loses some of its natural capital , in quantity or quality , its wealth would increase if it invested sufficiently in other assets .
The plain fact , however , is that Europe 's population decline can only be stemmed by substantial inward immigration .
Even sharper declines are expected in the candidate countries of Central and Eastern Europe , from a total of 105m to 85m , a fall of 20m , or about 20 % .
Now , Turkey has in principle been accepted as a potential candidate for EU membership .
What is now required is that EU leaders stop pretending that Europe 's demographic ageing can be solved by more internal labor mobility .
Abroad , his main agenda was nakedly xenophobic : No to membership in the Euro , significant disengagement from the European Union , and a harsher policy towards foreign asylum-seekers .
It is not difficult to discern parallels between Britain 's Conservatives and America 's Republican Party .
In Europe , this should not be too difficult , because some version of an answer can surely be found in the context of the European Union .
Those disagreements are not only about Israel , or US tariffs on steel imports from the EU , or the possibility of American courts imposing the death penalty on suspected terrorists who carry European passports ; they increasingly embody a fundamentally different vision about how the world should work .
So Europe can not begin to match the US unless it becomes a single federation .
Moreover , EU governments decided that all these countries , like those in Central and Eastern Europe , are legitimate candidates for membership in the EU .
If the socialists can pull themselves together behind a new leader , President Chirac , despite re-election , could once again face a left-wing majority in parliament .
The French socialist party can still , probably , rely on the loyalty of a substantial minority for atavistic or tribal reasons ; but it does not propose to introduce socialism .
These fears incite anger and xenophobia , even though everyone knows that globalization can not be conquered by kicking out foreigners .
The next French president can not control or prevent the forces of globalization ; but he can have a major influence on the EU 's development .
Two other countries , Bulgaria and Romania , can aim for membership three years after that .
Turkey , after much huffing and puffing , has had its status as an officially recognized candidate for membership reaffirmed , even if mighty doubts remain as to when it will actually join .
Aside from the poor , war-ravaged Balkan states -- Albania , Bosnia , Croatia , Macedonia , and whatever Serbia and Montenegro end up deciding to call themselves -- the only imaginable additional candidates , assuming that they are classified as `` European , '' are Russia , Belarus and Ukraine .
This is most notable among big member states like Britain , France , and Spain , and one can see why ; these are former `` great powers , '' which fear being submerged in a mega-Europe .
So here is the second paradox : both large and small EU countries imagine that they can optimize their relative leverage by adopting inter-governmentalist positions .
They can not both be right .
We can have no idea in advance how a 25-member EU will really operate ; practical realities will exert their influence on political chemistry .
Of course , there is not and can not be an overpowering economic case for joining the Euro , at any time .
A referendum on joining the Euro probably can not be won unless a British government is willing to say three things : first , that it favors closer EU political integration ; second , that the single currency is but one expression of that integration , and third , that it is committed to Euro membership .
At that point , the federalists will see whether they can find a way to go ahead on their own .
What is now reviving the idea of variable geometry is the prospect of the EU 's massive enlargement with the admission of ten new members from Eastern Europe and the Mediterranean , multiplied by the political crisis within Europe over the American war against Iraq .
This is the real significance of last Sunday 's ballot , when the Swedish people voted , by a surprisingly large margin , against joining the Euro .
Tony Blair will not take Britain into the Euro because he can not articulate the only real case for membership , which is political .
Indeed , downplaying the gravity of the latest crisis is easy : one can argue that the immediate cause of the breakdown , when examined closely , is not really all that serious .
In Britain , in particular , the spectacular surge of the UK Independence Party -LRB- UKIP -RRB- can only strengthen the government 's long-standing latent Euroskepticism .
This may be a reaction to the American-led war in Iraq ; but Tony Blair will exclude it precisely for that reason , and a common European defense policy without Britain makes little sense .
But it is not at all clear that those governments that would normally support more integration can sell it to their disillusioned electorates .
Tony Blair has promised a referendum on the new EU constitution , which he can not possibly win .
It introduces some significant improvements for majority voting in the Council of Ministers .
By contrast , Blair can not win a referendum on the Constitution , not only because it is opposed by virtually all the popular press , but also because neither he nor any major political leader in Britain has ever had a good word to say about European integration .
The British government tried to wriggle out of taking sides on the implications of the French and Dutch votes by saying that it would suspend its own plans for a referendum , but not cancel it outright .
But the old member states that have hitherto benefited most from the budget -- poorer countries like Spain , Greece , and Portugal -- want the budget to be expanded , so that they can continue to receive money .
One reason is that a significant portion of Blair 's party -LRB- which he renamed `` New Labor '' -RRB- never reconciled itself to the primacy that he gave to free-market principles over its old Socialist or Social Democratic values .
These dangers were predictable , and the world now knows that the war has proved a terrible failure of American strategy , and may yet have even more catastrophic consequences .
There is no sign of an end to the sectarian violence , and little prospect that Iraq can become a peaceful , unitary democracy .
One consequence , from a British perspective , is that it is now virtually impossible to imagine that any future prime minister could engage in another big military adventure primarily out of loyalty to an American president .
This relationship was always more special for the British than for the Americans , who scarcely recognize its existence .
If Brown is to gain legitimacy , he must offer something new ; but he can do that only by distinguishing himself from the Blair legacy in clearly perceptible -- and therefore fairly radical -- ways .
Many people predicted , and everyone can now see , that the decision to invade was a disastrous error ; that it is having catastrophic consequences , not just for Iraq , but also for the Middle East generally ; and that it has seriously damaged the moral standing of the United States and Britain .
In reality , of course , the civil and guerrilla war under way in the rest of Iraq means that any security in the south can only be a temporary illusion .
Even more aggressive criticism has been advanced about American regulators -- and , indeed , about Congress -- alleging that they were in the pockets of investment banks , hedge funds , and anyone else with lots of money to spend on Capitol Hill .
But can they nonetheless be captured ?
At his side sits Martin Wolf of The Financial Times , so a good reception in the pink pages can be expected .
It also persuasively demonstrates that all the proposed remedies come with significant costs .
Narrow banking , which entails retail deposits being kept in distinct entities , backed only by safe and liquid assets like government bonds , does not fare well under the All Souls microscope . `` The social costs would be significant , '' he warns , as the synergies between deposit-taking and lending would be lost .
The Volcker rule ? `` It is unlikely that the impact would be significant in the UK , '' or , by implication , elsewhere outside the US .
If efforts to produce a parallel bail-in arrangement , which allows bondholders to share the pain , are also successful , we might be within sight of a sensible and not-too-costly reform with which the market can make peace -- and which regulators would have a realistic chance of managing .
The political problem is that the second solution can not yet be sold to German voters , let alone to nationalist fringe parties like France 's National Front and Finland 's True Finns .
In the meantime , the European Council continues , as the Americans would put it , to `` kick the can down the road . ''
Of course , the can is not in the road ; it is in the banking parlors .
Many eurozone banks have made far less progress in strengthening their capital adequacy and liquidity than have American and British banks since the financial crisis erupted .
British banks have made less progress with tangible common equity , rising from just under 3 % to a little over 4 % , but they have significantly reduced their reliance on wholesale funding , from almost 45 % in 2008 to less than 35 % now .
As Churchill said of the Americans , `` you can always rely on them to do the right thing ... once they have exhausted all possible alternatives . ''
We can only hope that the bankers are eventually rescued from the burning eurotower by Super-Sarkozy and Wonder-Frau Merkel -- and that the Basel Committee of Banking Supervisors ensures that there will be no sequel .
Of course , regulators can not easily require all banks to be `` well-run '' in Bagehot 's sense .
It is not a bad substitute for perfect judgment , and at least it can be defined and measured .
They rest their case on the famous Modigliani-Miller theorem , which implies that a company can not alter its capital cost by changing the balance between equity and debt on its balance sheet .
There is no one who can offer a timely and , above all , authoritative view on which forecast is the more compelling scenario .
They can see short-term returns , but they do not understand very well how those returns are generated .
Managers can demand higher and higher returns in the upturn .
The Bank of England has described the way in which remuneration policy can create risks for banks and said that , as a result , `` it is of increasing interest and concern to supervisors and regulators . ''
As Ralph Waldo Emerson remarked , `` Our distrust is very expensive . '' The Nobel laureate Kenneth Arrow made the point in economic terms almost 40 years ago : `` It can be plausibly argued that much of the economic backwardness in the world can be explained by the lack of mutual confidence . ''
Their financial trust index , based on a large-scale survey of financial decision-makers in American households , did show a sharp fall in trust in late 2008 and early 2009 , following the collapse of Lehman Brothers .
As a bit player in the dramatic events that Sorkin describes -LRB- I am an independent director of Morgan Stanley in my spare time -RRB- , I can confirm that he accurately captures the atmosphere of chaos and uncertainty that reigned in New York in the autumn of 2008 .
Institutions that had been seen as Rocks of Gibraltar were revealed to be smoking volcanoes , at risk of imminent dissolution into lava and ash .
They believe that regulators can ring-fence capital supporting different business lines , to prevent contagion risk , and perhaps impose a surcharge on large `` systemic '' firms , to reflect the price of their implicit support from the central bank and government .
How is it that the Fed 's balance sheet can expand so dramatically , potentially committing large sums of taxpayer dollars , without Congress having a purchase on its decisions , except well after the event ?
New arrangements for monitoring member states ' budget balances have been introduced , but they can do nothing about the stock of debt outstanding .
His was one vote out of 22 , but he represents 27 % of eurozone GDP , so he can not be dismissed as an insignificant outlier .
But can an absence of clarity about the ECB 's voting arrangements last forever ?
Especially in nervous markets , which we certainly have today , any perception that the ECB 's decisions might not take into account the interests of the whole eurozone , or could commit the major countries to significant losses , could itself be destabilizing .
From a regulator 's perspective , this is a powerful argument for requiring higher capital to constrain the risk that banks can take on .
According to this view , in a market economy with a convertible currency and free capital flows , the exchange rate can not be manipulated without consequent adjustments to other dimensions of monetary conditions .
But the long run can be long indeed , and the influence of speculative capital flows can be substantial and sustained .
Military strategists have known for centuries that there is , and can be , no final science of war .
For example , if profit can be made by understanding the model behind a policy , as is surely the case with the models used by the United States Federal Reserve , sooner or later so much capital will seek that profit that the tail will begin to wag the dog , as has been happening lately .
But there can be no real predictive science for a system that may change its behavior if we publish a model of it .
It is not clear how we could know that markets were failing whenever they fell significantly , but believed that we had no business second-guessing them when they climbed .
The false belief that we can collectively see the future using science has led us all to make various binding promises about things in that future that no human being can possibly guarantee .
A promise of something that we should know can not be guaranteed is also known as a lie .
Governments think we can stop this process by throwing money at it , but there are many reasons to believe that this wo n't work .
A final science of man has no room for the unplanned and unpredictable recovery that is the only kind a capitalist economy can have after a crisis of this size .
Cancer World PITTSBURGH -- In 1971 , President Richard M. Nixon launched a `` war '' against cancer .
True , cancer deaths have dropped chiefly because of long-delayed -- and still poorly supported -- efforts to curb smoking .
Successes with screening and treatment of breast , colo-rectal , and cervical cancer have also helped .
For example , while one in eight Americans is black , one in three is employed in sanitation or other blue-collar jobs .
Moreover , they have half the level of cancer-protective vitamin D as whites , and they are much more likely to live in polluted neighborhoods .
Indeed , cases of cancer that are not tied to smoking or aging are increasing .
Cancer is the leading cause of death in middle-aged persons and children -LRB- after accidents -RRB- , and we ca n't explain why , for most forms of cancer , death rates are higher for blacks than they are for whites .
What we can say is that the disease itself is the wrong enemy .
Modern cancer-causing agents like diesel exhaust , pesticides , and other air pollutants are not systematically studied .
But most cancers are made , not born , arising from damage to our genes that occurs throughout our lives .
Despite having remarkably similar genes at birth , identical twins do not develop the same cancers .
America 's Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirm that children 's blood today contains dozens of chemicals that did not exist two decades earlier , including many gene-damaging compounds known to cause cancer and a host of other diseases .
Women exposed to higher levels of the pesticide DDT before the age of fourteen have a five times higher chances of developing breast cancer when they reach middle age .
Could such compounds play a role in unexplained and growing rates of childhood cancer , testicular cancer , and non-Hodgkin 's Lymphoma throughout the industrial world ? Should we wait to find out ?
While we are phenomenally successful at keeping young people from dying of cancer today , that success comes as a Faustian bargain .
One of three young women treated with radiation to the chest to arrest Hodgkin 's disease will develop breast cancer by age 32 .
Of course , many cancers might not have developed in the first place had these patients not been exposed to other cancer-causing agents in the environment .
Recent reports from France and Sweden find that those who have used mobile phones for ten or more years have double the risk of brain cancer .
The limited nature of evidence on some environmental cancer hazards should not be confused with proof that no harm has occurred : the research is hard to do , and , in the US , very little of it is now funded by the government and private sector .
Moreover , confusion about environmental cancer risks also results from longstanding , carefully cultivated , and well-financed disinformation campaigns inspired by the machinations of the tobacco industry .
We can not afford to ignore the signs of the importance of the environment for our health .
To address the scourge of cancer , we must complement efforts to detect and treat cancer with new ways to keep people from developing the disease in the first place .
Science from this perspective is about natural philosophy , an enterprise that seeks to acquire deep understanding of the world regardless of whether that knowledge can be put to use .
Reaction-time tests involve little thinking , and merely ask people to respond as fast as they can to simple stimuli .
The evidence for cancer is less certain .
There are experimental designs , using twins , that can find out the extent to which intelligence and mortality are linked because they share environmental and genetic influences .
Among the most informative exercises we can undertake in cognitive epidemiology is to obtain a large group of twins on whom there is data on early-life intelligence and who were tracked for a long time to find out who had died .
Four Essential Steps to the Copenhagen Agreement NEW YORK -- The United Nations Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen this year will be the moment in history when humanity can rise to the challenge and decisively deal with the issue .
Second , clarity is essential on the extent to which major developing countries can undertake nationally appropriate mitigation actions beyond what they are already doing .
We need to know how significant financial resources will be generated to help developing countries both limit the growth of their emissions and adapt to the effects of climate change .
Because the carbon market can not be the sole instrument , government-to-government cooperation will be needed as well .
If significant financial resources are to be generated for mitigation and adaptation , developing countries will want a representative say in how that money is to be allocated and spent .
Given China 's importance in both military and economic matters , growing energy and trade relations between Central Asia and the West , and the reasonable assumption that Central Asia 's security will continue to have great significance for Western security , cooperation between the SCO , the EU , and NATO looks inevitable .
And that is why several other EU countries are now considering receiving ex-detainees cleared for release , but who , for compelling reasons , can not return to their countries of origin .
More generally , we agree with Obama that `` in the long run we ... can not keep ... safe unless we enlist the power of our most fundamental values , '' and that `` we uphold our most cherished values not only because doing so is right , but because it strengthens -LRB- us -RRB- and keeps us safe . ''
But Lula can and should follow Kok 's example and use his trade union connections , as well as his rapport with the working class , to achieve a social pact aimed at achieving sustained improvement in Brazil 's overall economic performance and realizing its potential to become Latin America 's economic powerhouse .
KABUL -- Suicide bombings , assassinations of top Afghan leaders , brutal attacks on Charikar and other places close to Kabul , Afghanistan 's capital , and a rapid increase in civilian deaths from drone attacks are jeopardizing the withdrawal of American and NATO forces from the country .
Fourth , channel aid through the central government budget , or through local authorities , so that officials can acquire legitimacy by providing services and infrastructure , and provide subsidies and price-support programs to replace poppies with licit crops such as cotton , which was produced in the past .
On the surface , the UN seems ideally placed to lead reconstruction efforts because , unlike development institutions like the World Bank , it can integrate the political and economic objectives that are equal parts of a transition to peace .
Early efforts to privatize Iraq 's oil industry proved disastrous , confirming for many Iraqis that the occupying Americans were determined to `` steal '' the country 's wealth and thus fanning the flames of violent resistance .
True , inward FDI reached about $ 70 billion in 2006 , but this is below the 1998-1999 peak , and a large share came from Latin American firms investing in neighboring countries , whereas inflows from Europe and the United States have fallen .
To change the way Latin American countries sell themselves to foreign investors is a creative challenge .
The sales technique should be based on fiscal and regulatory concepts and be expressed in legal and financial jargon , which only experts can do .
Just as importantly , there can not be any conflict of interest -LRB- or even the perception of such a conflict -RRB- with other personal or political activities , past or present .
The challenge for Georgia is to find a solution to the IDPs by rehabilitating infrastructure , housing , and other services , and by facilitating job creation so that the conflict-affected population 's living conditions can improve .
While `` humanitarian aid '' can not be neglected , it should be recognized that such aid promotes consumption rather than investment , creating price distortions and work disincentives .
Without inclusive and dynamic growth , sustainable peace will remain elusive , and , in the current environment of higher scrutiny and significant competing needs , donors will be hard pressed to justify committing the large financial aid package that they have pledged .
Interestingly , whereas most Americans are well aware of the $ 700 billion price tag for restructuring banks and the $ 787 billion stimulus package , far less attention has been paid to the almost $ 1 trillion spent on the Afghanistan and Iraq wars .
Eight years ago , Afghanistan embarked on four distinct transitions : a security transition away from violence and insecurity ; a political transition toward a society based on participatory government and the rule of law ; a social transition from tribal and ethnic confrontations toward national reconciliation ; and an economic transition to transform a war-torn and unstable economy into a viable one in which people can make a decent and legal living .
Failure to do so has proved a major factor in countries ' relapse into war , because , in the absence of peace , there can be no sustainable development .
Incentives probably can be found to induce a large number of the rank and file to abandon the insurgency and join the Afghan armed forces or police , play a role in local politics , join the national civil service , or find agricultural or other private-sector employment .
For most of the past decade the world has been lectured to by Americans who proclaimed the perfection of the US economy : its focus on competition , loose labor regulation , and a modest social safety net , all of which supposedly delivered dynamism and high growth rates .
Continental Europeans were told to follow the US model and liberalize their labor markets , so that businesses that want to hire can do so without losing money and so that unemployed workers who find new jobs wo n't see their wages offset by cuts in welfare-state benefits .
East Asia 's Tigers were told to abandon the German-Japanese financial system based on universal banking and adopt the Anglo-American model based on liquid financial markets .
But can this criticism be constructive , not a bout -LRB- pleasurable , of course -RRB- of Schadenfreude ?
Within those constraints , American managers were supposed to exercise considerably more discretion than their foreign counterparts , so that they could use their business judgment without being shackled and second-guessed .
Moreover , the greed of bosses can not be the sole determinant of managerial remuneration .
Declining public school quality , downward pressure on funding for public higher education , and a failure of political will to make higher education affordable for everyone has produced a growing education gap among those who can and can not afford quality education .
After lording it over the world for so long , Americans should accept today 's rebukes with grace .
But what was shipped back from America across the Atlantic to Europe -- and what was paid for in imports from Asia with American products -- was never real wealth .
BERKELEY -- Despite the frequent cries of American Republicans that Barack Obama is trying to bring European-style socialism to the United States , it is now very clear that the US president wishes to govern from one place and one place only : the center .
And , in order to move forward on long-term budget balance , Obama has appointed a fiscal arsonist , Republican ex-Senator Alan Simpson , as one of his fire chiefs -- one of the two co-chairs of his deficit reduction commission .
Simpson never met an unfunded tax cut proposed by a Republican president that he would vote against , and he never met a balanced deficit-reduction program proposed by a Democratic president that he would support .
On healthcare reform , Obama 's proudest moment , his achievement is ... drum roll ... a scheme that almost precisely mimics the reform that Mitt Romney , a Republican who sought the presidency in 2008 , brought to the state of Massachusetts .
In all of these cases , Obama is ruling , or trying to rule , by taking positions that are at the technocratic good-government center , and then taking two steps to the right -- sacrificing some important policy goals -- in the hope of attracting Republican votes and thereby demonstrating his commitment to bipartisanship .
On all of these policies -- anti-recession , banking , fiscal , environmental , anti-discrimination , rule of law , healthcare -- you could close your eyes and convince yourself that , at least as far as the substance is concerned , Obama is in fact a moderate Republican named George H.W. Bush , Mitt Romney , John McCain , or Colin Powell .
After all , we can assume that the animal spirits of investors and financiers has been further depressed as a psychological reaction to the exuberant belief just a few years ago in the powers of financial engineering .
Creditworthy governments around the world can create more safe , liquid , high-quality financial assets through a number of channels .
They can spend more or tax less and borrow the difference .
They can guarantee the debt of private-sector entities , thus transforming now-risky leaden assets back into golden ones .
Their central banks can borrow and use the money to buy up some of the flood of risky assets in the market .
There is simply no set of bedrock principles on which one can base calculations that illuminate real-world economic outcomes .
When excess demand is for high-quality assets -- places where you can park your wealth and be assured that it will still be there when you come back -- the natural response is to have credit-worthy governments guarantee some private assets and buy up others , swapping them out for their own liabilities and thus diminishing the supply of risky assets and increasing the supply of safe assets .
In these circumstances , we can be sure of what Mill would have recommended .
The high unemployment currently afflicting the North Atlantic , critics of government stimulus maintain , is not cyclical but `` structural , '' and thus can not be alleviated by policies that boost aggregate demand .
It might require significant time to retrain construction workers and plug them into social networks in which they become good manufacturing workers .
Yes , the debt will be higher and interest on that debt will have to be paid , but the British government can borrow now at extraordinarily favorable terms .
When interest rates are low and you can borrow on favorable terms , the market is telling you to pull government spending forward into the present and push taxes back into the future .
To borrow from your own people is especially non-humiliating when your economy is in depression , when the interest rates at which you can borrow are at near-record lows , and when every economic argument cries out for spending now and taxing later .
How can the US have a large political movement -- the Tea Party -- pushing for the hardest of hard-money policies when there is no hard-money lobby with its wealth on the line ?
The Fed can not reduce short-term interest rates below zero , so it is attempting via this policy of `` quantitative easing '' to reduce longer-term interest rates .
The working classes can vote , economists understand and publicly discuss nominal income determination , and no influential group stands to benefit from a deeper and more prolonged depression .
BERKELEY -- The central insight of macroeconomics is a fact that was known to John Stuart Mill in the first third of the nineteenth century : there can be a large gap between supply and demand for pretty much all currently produced goods and services and types of labor if there is an equally large excess demand for financial assets .
There is , after all , no easy way that unemployed workers can start producing the assets -- money and bonds that not only are rated investment-grade , but really are -- that financial markets are not adequately supplying .
Thus , the first principle of macroeconomic policy is that because only the government can create the investment-grade financial assets that are in short supply in a depression , it is the government 's task to do so .
The government must ensure that the money supply matches the full-employment level of money demand , and that the supply of safe savings vehicles in which investors can park their wealth also meets demand .
And the rapid reductions in budget deficits that European governments are now pledged to undertake can only increase the likelihood of a full double-dip recession .
The Industrial Revolution started in the English midlands and Belgian forests -- regions endowed with coal , canals -LRB- along which barges could carry the coal -RRB- , and skilled metalworkers -LRB- who could build coal-burning steam engines -RRB- .
Coal , canals , and metalworkers were the foundation for building , installing , and using the automatic spinning machines , power looms , and railway locomotives that were the first modern machine industries .
No doubt it would have been . Would n't prospects for economic development in Morocco , Algeria , and Tunisia be much more promising if European governments would let EU citizens buy more North African oranges ?
Simply put , a weak state can not enforce contracts and property rights , while a state that is strong enough to enforce them must control its own bureaucrats .
There can be little hope for sustained economic development where the educational system is at least one generation -- and possibly three generations -- behind other regions in terms of its commitment to universal literacy , and where higher education largely ignores the skills and subjects needed to enable people to master technology .
Most of the time in America , the process of intelligent design of the economy has gone well : that is why Americans are so relatively and absolutely rich today .
After all , the Founding Fathers were keen on redesigning the infant American economy .
When the Democratic-Republicans , led by Thomas Jefferson and James Madison , replaced the Federalists , they quickly decided that their small-government principles were an out-of-power luxury .
Wars of conquest , territorial acquisition , continental surveying , and canal and then railroad subsidies were good for voters , immigrants , and pretty much everyone else except the outnumbered and outgunned Native Americans who got in the way .
American governments will continue to plan and design the development of the economy , as they always have in the past .
`` Competitiveness '' carries the implication of a zero-sum game , in which America can win only if its trading partners lose .
Instead , all else being equal , richer trading partners benefit America : they make more good stuff for Americans to buy and sell more cheaply , and their stronger demand means that they are willing to pay more for the stuff that America has to sell .
It is not out of line with other American yardsticks : since the output trough , real GDP has grown at an average rate of 2.86 % \/ year , barely above the rate of growth of the US economy 's productive potential .
There , real GDP growth and declining unemployment show a solid , well-entrenched , and rapid recovery -- to the point that inflation will soon become a more significant macroeconomic problem than job creation .
The downturn was not caused by a liquidity squeeze , so the Fed can not wave its wand and return asset prices to their pre-recession configuration .
Indeed , I believe that things are even worse : as long as aggregate demand remains low , we can not even tell which pieces are right side up .
Unfortunately , the market can not produce a demand recovery rapidly by itself .
And it can not produce structural adjustment at all until a demand recovery is well under way .
There is one silver lining as we contemplate our macroeconomic wreckage : when incomes , production , and employment in the US return to their trend levels , Americans will demand an extra $ 1.7 trillion worth of buildings to live in .
We know that when Americans become confident again -- when they believe that they could find new jobs if they lost their current ones , and when they can no longer tolerate doubling-up with their in-laws -- they will demand more dwellings than the country has today .
But , even though we can see the magnitude of the construction shortfall and understand how large it will be when recovery is complete , that does not help right now .
BERKELEY -- It is hard right now to write about American political economy .
And we can assume that it would be repealed and replaced by something else come January 2013 , either by a re-elected President Barack Obama , or by a new , Republican president .
Six months that could have been spent boosting the long-run growth potential of the American economy through infrastructure investment , educational reform , or an overhaul of health-care financing -- greatly easing America 's long-run deficit and debt dilemmas in the process -- have been lost .
But so far in the third millennium , this skill -- or simply run of luck -- has deserted the US . My view is that the problem would fix itself easily if only the Republican Party of Dwight D. Eisenhower could stage a comeback -LRB- though without Richard Nixon and Joseph McCarthy -RRB- .
Frankly , I do not understand how Bernanke can say any of these things right now .
If he and the rest of the Federal Open Market Committee thought that the projected growth of nominal spending in the US was on an appropriate recovery path two months ago , they can not believe that today .
The US government can currently borrow for 30 years at a real -LRB- inflation-adjusted -RRB- interest rate of 1 % per year .
And half of the extra $ 1 trillion of goods and services would show up as consumption goods and services for American households .
American taxpayers would then have to pay $ 2 billion a year in real interest on that extra national debt over the next 30 years , and then pay off or roll over the entire $ 200 billion .
How , you might ask , can I say this ?
Right now , however , the US government can manufacture `` safety '' out of thin air merely by printing bonds .
Modern central banking got its start in the collapse of the British canal boom of the early 1820 's .
July saw American industrial production jump by half a percent , while Intel , the big microprocessor maker , is reporting very strong growth in demand for its key products , suggesting that business investment spending is finally accelerating .
Hours worked in American business fell at a 2.7 % annual rate in the second quarter .
How can America see reasonably rapid output growth and yet rising unemployment ?
The answer is that the underlying trend of productivity growth in the American economy continues to be exceptionally positive .
Australia , Ireland , and the Scandinavian countries all had their own sustained bursts of unexpectedly rapid growth .
The current conventional wisdom , most strongly advocated by the American economist Robert Gordon , is that the burst of productivity growth that the US is currently experiencing -LRB- and that will turn into a full-fledged economic boom whenever demand growth becomes rapid enough -RRB- is due to synergy .
In Robert Gordon 's estimation-and in mine-the roots of an economy-wide high-tech productivity boom like the one seen in the US are so delicate that they flourish in American but not in continental European soil .
Expect more of the same in 2004 , when the current account deficit should reach 5.1 % of GDP , despite forecasts that the US economy will grow significantly faster than most of its trading partners .
The exact amount depends on how rapidly Americans re-direct their spending from imports to domestically-produced goods , and how much of an expected recovery in the dollar 's exchange rate is needed to persuade investors to hold US assets while the spending switchover takes place .
Deep recessions , high real interest rates , and financial chaos were all on the menu -- although the then US Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin , the IMF 's Michel Camdessus and Stanley Fischer , and many Mexican and East Asian politicians and central bankers skillfully prevented at least the first two crises from becoming much more destructive than they might have been .
A fall in the value of the dollar reduces Americans ' standard of living , but it does not cause the kind of liquidity and solvency crises we have seen so often in the past decade -- at least not if New York 's major financial institutions have well-hedged derivative books ; if not , all bets may be off .
Dollar devaluation will only secondarily affect Americans who consume imported goods or who work in businesses that distribute imports to consumers .
Investors outside the US can see the magnitude of the trade deficit , calculate the likely decline in the dollar required to eliminate it , and recognize that the interest rate and equity return differentials from investing in the US are insufficient to compensate for the risk that next month will be when capital inflows into America start to fall .
Korean steelworkers might well ask whatever happened to the Republican Party 's historic commitment to free trade .
African farmers should wonder how it could be Bush -- not some left-wing Democrat -- who reversed the archconservative Newt Gingrich 's proudest achievement : the partial reform of agricultural subsidies .
They are hoping that Americans will forget all the cocksure predictions of a military walkover and cheering crowds lobbing flowers at US and British troops .
The Bush administration 's intellectual allies call the Clinton administration `` naïve '' for believing that international relations form a positive-sum game in which all sides can win .
The world can not afford to have pseudo-conservatives at high levels of the US government who do not work for global peace and prosperity , but instead for a dangerously wrongheaded geopolitical strategy .
There are many potential replacements for these officials in the Republican Party -- sensible , deliberative statesmen who view America 's national interest as being the promotion of global economic development , multilateral cooperation , and a world in which the US leads with its principles rather than dominates with its military power .
The Clinton team could also take credit for the largely successful handling of the 1994 Mexican and 1997-1998 Asian financial crises .
On trade , on fiscal policy , on reform of social entitlements , on almost every issue you can name , the Bush team has worsened conditions substantially .
Reading Rubin 's recently published memoir In an Uncertain World , we can begin to understand this striking difference better .
Rubin 's recognition that the world is a complicated , poorly-understood place , where lots of unexpected and surprising things happen -- and where we can not merely consult some map drawn by John Maynard Keynes or Milton Friedman or some neo-conservative pundit -- seems to have been the most powerful of his secret weapons .
The American Mirror
The American Mirror
Indeed , it is clear that the American economy could have grown much faster than it has .
Underlying the business cycle , the rapid progress of the information-technology revolution is pushing American productivity growth ahead as fast as -- or faster than -- ever .
This may or may not be enough to produce lots of payroll jobs and significantly cut the unemployment rate , but it will be enough growth for the US to continue to be the fastest growing component of the world economy 's post-industrial core .
American domestic interest rates are so low and the fear of a large further decline in the dollar so great that it is nearly impossible to envision a sudden withdrawal of capital from developing countries to the post-industrial core .
Karl Marx was not wholly wrong when he wrote that the most industrialized countries are mirrors in which the rest of the world can see its own future .
One source is central banks seeking to keep the value of their home currencies down so that their workers can gain valuable experience from exporting to the rich world .
Another source is investors who feared losing their money after the various emerging market meltdowns of the 1990 's , techno-enthusiasts chasing the pot of gold that the American technology boom seemed to offer , and the third-world rich , who think a Deutsche Bank account is good to have in case they need to flee their countries in a Lear jet or a rubber boat .
-LRB- But in that case , if these investment opportunities are so great , why are n't Americans themselves saving more - both privately and publicly - to take advantage of them ? -RRB-
Looking at the capital flow reversal into the US , I can not argue that the second era has been an unqualified success either . It is nice that Mexican workers and entrepreneurs are gaining experience in export manufactures , and successful enough to run a trade surplus vis-à-vis the US .
Capital markets can get the allocation of investment badly wrong , but governments are likely to get it wrong even worse , and the incentives to corrupt bureaucrats do need to be kept as low as possible .
This does not mean that employment in America can not grow .
Roughly 300,000 more Americans are employed in education and health care than a year ago - an annual rate of employment growth of 1.7 % .
A quarter of a million more Americans are employed in business and professional services than a year ago - a 1.6 % annual rate of employment growth .
The logic of stagnant employment is not that adding jobs to the American economy is impossible , but that demand growth is insufficient to create more jobs than are lost .
This persistent acceleration in American productivity growth has , however , created a massive political problem for President George W. Bush .
If America can grow as fast as it is now , that is very good news for other , less-developed economies , especially since one powerful effect of ongoing technological revolutions in computers and communications is to make it much easier to participate in the global division of labor now centered in the US .
So the schizophrenic American economy is a sign that the world is entering an economic era of truly wonderful things - if only we properly , and patiently , grasp them .
The most that even the winners can say is that they are little losers rather than big losers .
Vancouver is a lovely city , and I would love to have the voters of British Columbia inside the US , because I think they would add much health to the American electorate .
Back in the early 1990 's , American officials like me who were making long-term forecasts for the Clinton administration cautioned that it would be rash to forecast an average long-run growth rate of more than 2.5 % per year - and that actual growth might turn out to be even slower .
Now we look back at a decade during which the American economy has grown at an average rate of 3.4 % per year .
We could see it in Scandinavia , and in scattered pockets elsewhere , but the strong imprint of improved computer and communications technologies on the growth rates of output and productivity economy-wide seemed to be missing .
For example , Americans must buy cars because public transport is so lousy . The value of the cars is calculated in American GDP , but European public-transport systems are counted not at their value to passengers but as a cost to government .
Similarly , Americans keep two million of their fellow citizens in jail : the cost of building the prisons and paying the jailers is also included in GDP .
Western Europeans work some 25 % less than Americans , yet they have a level of social welfare -LRB- including climate -RRB- that is only around 15 % lower than Americans , and they have more equal income distributions and lower poverty rates as well .
By 2000 , European senior bureaucrats began to dread the approach of each international meeting as the likely occasion for yet another lecture by the Americans on how Europe needed to become much more like America right now .
With competition strong across the economy , they say that we can look forward to a generation of relatively high asset prices and relatively low real interest rates worldwide .
· In the US , the collapse of `` grownup '' Republicans in Congress - the extraordinary failure of fiscal conservatives to mount any effective opposition to the Bush administration 's renewed destabilization of American government finances .
The deficit orgy of the Reagan era is looking less like a freak political accident and more like a structural feature of Republican Party governance - what the modern Republican governing coalition tends to do whenever it gains power ;
· The parallel collapse of a grownup Republican presence in the executive branch .
As Ron Suskind reports in his recent biography of Bush 's first Treasury Secretary , Paul O'Neill , former Bush Budget Director Mitch Daniels once whispered to himself at the end of a disastrous meeting , `` Not a typical Republican package .
· Second , trend-chasers keep buying because the returns have been so good in the recent past , thus pushing the overvaluation to a height and duration that orthodox economists can not explain .
The Republican Party and the American Petroleum Institute sank that proposal .
As Germany prepares to elect its next Chancellor , the two main candidates , Gerhard Schroeder and Edmund Stoiber , agree on one thing : unemployment must be reduced .
What will happen to confidence in governments that can not solve the problem ?
Americans have once again finished a presidential campaign season in which the quality of the debate over economic policy was abysmal .
On the Republican side , hacks , spin masters , and many people who ought to have known better suddenly developed an extraordinary appreciation for something called the `` CPS Household Survey of Employment '' as a supposed guide to month-to-month changes in the labor market .
And , again , Republicans responded tendentiously , by focusing on the unemployment rate rather than on the job numbers - as if it were a good thing that the lousy labor market since 2001 has artificially depressed the number of people looking for work .
Similarly , Republicans glibly touted the Bush tax cuts - the equivalent of which President Bush 's father , President George H. W. Bush , two decades ago called `` voodoo economics '' - as the acme of economic wisdom .
The Republicans magnified their economic quackery by frantically trying to minimize public perceptions of the long-run fiscal problems of America 's social-insurance system , largely to deflect attention from the fact that Bush threw away the budget surpluses President Clinton had bequeathed him - and with them what may have been the country 's last best chance to fix things in this regard short of some form of disaster .
These same Republicans also argued for government spending restraint while blocking the institutional changes to Congressional procedures needed to make spending restraint possible .
The American political system , at least , appears incapable of setting out the central fiscal policy issues in ways that give voters a chance to make informed judgments and distinguish between candidates-even between candidates whose programs are serious and those whose programs are mathematically impossible jokes .
Even in the first post-WWII generation , only a minority of Americans -- a largely white , male minority -- found well-paying stable jobs at large , unionized , capital-intensive manufacturing companies like GM , GE , or AT&T .
Largely independent of education or family , those Americans who did value stability and security could grasp it in the form of jobs with `` a future . ''
It was during this era -- roughly from 1948 to 1973 -- that sociologists found that a majority of Americans had come to define themselves not as working class , but as middle class .
Americans -- at least white , male Americans -- did not have to worry about tradeoffs between security and opportunity , because the US offered the advantages of both .
The typical American employer is no longer General Motors .
A government that can not balance its own finances can not be relied on to provide macroeconomic stability .
The coming generation will be one of massive downward mobility for many Americans .
Social Security 's actuaries may not have fully recognized the impact of today 's technological revolutions , but they have markedly boosted the scale of the system that the US government can afford .
In reality , this is more of an opportunity than a problem : if we did not expect that doctors and nurses will be able to do marvelous things in a generation or two that they can not do now , we would not be projecting serious fiscal deficits arising from the health programs .
The third most serious problem is to put the US government 's General Fund budget on a sustainable basis , so that the non-Social Security government can finance itself and meet its commitments after the date -- around 2020 -- when it can no longer borrow from the Social Security Trust Fund .
Obviously , one 's health is an area in which private information can be very private indeed .
At best , they are seeking ways to keep health-care spending from rising , as though the genie of medical progress can be forced back into the bottle .
Yet three centuries ago there was also technological progress , from the mechanical clock and the watermill to the cannon and the caravel , and on to strains of rice that can be cropped three times a year in Guangzhou and the breeding of merino sheep that can flourish in the hills of Spain .
What remains highly uncertain , however , is whether an obviously overheating market can be cooled without sending America , and its main trading partners around the world , into an economic tailspin .
The US housing boom is due , first , to low interest rates , which mean that large amounts of money can be borrowed for mortgages with moderate monthly payments .
The end of the American housing bubble might not turn out badly .
Does this mean that a hurricane could hit world financial markets at any moment ?
This would mean a depression not just for the US , but for Asia and probably Europe as well , for the US can remain the world 's importer of last resort and guarantor of effective demand only as long as its domestic consumption is strong .
· Maximizing economic -- and also social and cultural -- contact between rich and poor nations is the best way we can think of to aid the flow of knowledge about technology and organization , which is the last best hope for rapid world development .
But do n't count on it , especially considering the share of marginal investment in Asia that is aimed , one way or another , at exporting to the American market .
On the other hand , because it required significant and expensive short-run cuts in emissions by industrial countries , it threatened to impose large immediate costs on the American , European , and Japanese economies .
The European Union and American economists in the Clinton administration argued for passage of the Kyoto Treaty only by creating models for something that was n't the Kyoto Treaty .
Under neither of these interpretations can those who negotiated and signed the Kyoto Treaty be said to have served the world well .
`` If I 'd thought -LRB- that George W. Bush -RRB- was a big-spending Rockefeller Republican ... I would n't have voted for him ... , '' Noonan wrote .
Some focused on the `` conservative '' : they expected the Bush administration 's fiscal policy to keep a tight rein on spending and to eliminate many programs in order to finance significant tax cuts .
Others focused on the `` compassionate '' : they expected Bush 's fiscal policy largely to eschew tax cuts and to adopt largely Democratic spending priorities , including expanded federal aid to education and a prescription drug benefit , thereby showing that Republicans could run a more cost-effective version of the social-welfare state .
Of course , conservatives and Republicans could hope that their own favorite policy priorities would emerge as the administration 's preferred strategy .
It is not that Republicans and conservatives think that the Bush administration has adopted the wrong method , but that they do n't see any method at all that has driven them into their -LRB- late -RRB- fiscal-policy revolt .
And that is why so many of them now wish that they had had a different candidate to vote for back in 2000 .
We Americans can sell off two-thirds of the increment to our wealth to finance imports and still be $ 500 billion better off this year than we were last year .
Moreover , the annual interest charged on the extra $ 1 trillion per year that Americans borrow from the rest of the world is about $ 50 billion -- just one-eighth of annual economic growth , while the trade deficit is financed out of the growth of the value of capital .
Both outcomes would weaken demand for foreign goods by making Americans feel that they are too poor to buy them .
George Soros can bet on a run on the British pound .
Thai import-export firms can bet on a run on the baht by accelerating their dollar receipts and delaying their dollar payouts .
Everyone can bet on a run on the Argentine peso -- a favorite sport of international financial speculators for a century and a half .
A 401 -LRB- k -RRB- is a heavily tax-favored account in which workers can save money for their retirement .
Only the union he was forced to join , the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists , has been doing any formal saving and earmarking of his retirement assets .
Big winners are workers in poor countries who get better jobs working for firms that can now export services to rich countries .
What can we do about this ?
Friedman Completed Keynes The most famous and influential American economist of the past century died in November .
In his view , it usually was the case that private market interests were aligned with the public good : episodes of important and significant market failure were the exception , rather than the rule , and laissez-faire was a good first approximation .
It is hard , at least for me , to envision alternative political arrangements or economic policies over the past fifty years that would have transferred any significant portion of the wealth of today 's rich nations to today 's poor nations .
I can easily envision alternatives , such as Communist victories in post-World War II elections in Italy and France that would have impoverished nations now in the rich North .
I can also envision alternatives that would have enriched poor nations : Deng Xiaoping becoming China 's leader in 1956 rather than 1976 would have done the job there .
The problems that can be addressed are those of poverty and social insurance -- of providing a safety net -- not of inequality .
But only the first 5 % of their wealth can be justified as an economic incentive to encourage entrepreneurship and enterprise .
An unequal society can not help but be an unjust society .
Societies that promise equality of opportunity thus can not afford to allow inequality of outcomes to become too great .
In any case , American gold holders found their wealth involuntarily transformed into paper dollars by the Roosevelt administration at the nadir of the Great Depression .
But , in the 1970 's , investors in American stocks and long-term bonds lost half their principal , and even investors in short-term American debt were down by 20 % in real terms by the end of the decade .
Those who fear geopolitical catastrophe will sell assets , putting downward pressure on their value , only if there are other , safer assets that they see that they can buy .
As Harvard 's Robert Barro has recently pointed out , fear of a general or unpredictable catastrophe -- even one that spares a subset of assets that can not be specified in advance -- will not affect relative asset prices , because investors have no motive to sell or buy any particular asset .
In such a global financial crisis , if the Federal Reserve accommodates inflation and accelerates devaluation in order to prevent collapsing employment in formerly foreign capital-financed sectors from spiraling into a depression , American debt will be among the worst affected assets ?
But if the Fed refuses to accommodate inflation produced by a dollar collapse and accepts a depression in the belief that the long-run benefits of maintaining its credibility as a guarantor of price stability will come before we are all dead , American equities will suffer .
But a quarter of my brain wonders how investors should attempt to insure against the lowest tail of the economic-political distribution , and that quarter of my brain can not see which way somebody hoping to insure against that risk should jump .
The debate about monetary policy can thus be fruitful and productive even if it is no longer restricted to those who have learned `` Greenspanese . ''
America 's Sleeping Watch Dog I want to deviate from my usual economic theme this month and focus instead on the system by which the press -- mostly the American press -- covers government nowadays .
It was the summer of 2000 when I began asking Republicans I know -- generally people who might be natural candidates for various sub-cabinet policy positions in a Republican administration -- how worried they were that the Republican presidential candidate , George W. Bush , was clearly not up to the job .
Today , it is an accepted fact that the kindest thing you can say about the Bush administration is that it is completely incompetent , which is the line now taken by hard-line Bush supporters like the National Review and the commentator Robert Novak .
Why did n't the American press corps cover the Bush administration properly for its first five years ?
Americans evidently hope for a world in which they can have feckless deficit-generating fiscal policies , a very low private savings rate , and a moderate rate of investment , all financed by foreign capital whose owners are happy to bear the risks yet have no control over their assets .
High oil prices have created huge export revenues for Middle Eastern governments , which still want to park their earnings in American assets .
But it is exposed to other risks , especially if it confines its investments to that slice of the asset pool , US Treasury and high-grade corporate bonds , that American politicians are comfortable having foreigners own .
What are needed are intermediary organizations that will grant a measure of control to foreigners , allow diversification across a wider range of US-located assets , and yet still appear 100 % American to US politicians .
China 's $ 3 billion investment in Blackstone , while insignificant relative to China 's $ 1.3 trillion of reserve assets -- a sum headed for $ 1.5 trillion by the end of this year and likely to hit $ 2 trillion sometime in 2009 -- is but a toe dipped in the water , a test run .
The question following China 's Blackstone investment is this : how far can this process go ?
The rest of the decade was punctuated by the Mexican peso crisis of 1994 , the East Asian crisis of 1997-98 , and troubles in Brazil , Argentina , Turkey , and elsewhere , and the new millennium began with the collapse of the dot-com bubble in 2000 and the economic fallout from the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
Moreover , today 's global imbalances and misaligned real exchange rates threaten to bring on not just mild recession , but significant and prolonged depression .
The Fed hopes that it can handle the current situation without being forced to rescue market liquidity by cutting interest rates and thus giving what it fears would be an unhealthy boost to spending .
The Fed still hopes that liquidity and confidence can be restored quickly , and that the summer of 2007 will serve future economists as an example of how de-linked financial markets can be from the flows of spending and production in the real economy .
The deposits can be individuals ' paychecks and the loans can be to small businesses .
Or the deposits can be consumer paper issued by KKR Atlantic Financing , and the loans can be CDO sub-prime mortgage tranches that KKR Atlantic holds in its portfolio .
Or the deposits can be investments in D.E. Shaw 's funds and the loans can be the complex derivatives that make up D.E. Shaw 's portfolio .
In all these cases , the liability holders -- i.e. , the depositors -- have been promised liquidity , yet that promise can not be kept if it is ever doubted .
Stan Collender of National Journal sees the fingerprints of the White House on these attacks : Greenspan is harshly critical of George W. Bush 's administration , after all , and to attack the credibility of Republican ex-policymakers who are critical of Bush is standard counterpunching for it .
He testified that it is important to run surpluses to pay down the debt , but that surpluses must not be so large that the government winds up owning American industry .
He also testified that tax cuts are better than spending increases to keep surpluses from growing too large , but that uncertainty is enormous , so that any tax cuts should be canceled if they threatened to bring us back to an age of deficits .
To cause a significant current evil in order to avoid a possible future danger when our knowledge is limited and our judgments uncertain is , Greenspan believes , unwise .
High construction employment has been good for American workers in the past half-decade -- a period that has not produced much good for them .
And Greenspan eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
He would have served the country and the world better had he been less of a loyal Republican working the inside game of trying to convince Bush 's political advisors that good policy was important , and more of a nonpartisan steward of America 's long-term fiscal stability .
The United States ' trade and current account deficits have begun to shrink relative to American and world GDP .
As long as imbalances of world trade and capital flows unwind slowly and smoothly , the magnitude of any global economic distress should be relatively small . Of course , it will not seem small to exporters and their workers who lose their American markets , or to Americans who lose access to cheap capital provided by foreigners .
The prospect of a truly hard landing -- that global investors wake up one morning , suddenly recognize the US current account 's can not be sustained , dump dollars , and bring about a crash of the global economy -- is becoming less likely with each passing day .
I can not judge the strength of these factions , or whether they know that the falling US current account deficit and dollar may lessen the urgency of adjustment in the rest of the world , but not in China .
But these are , or ought to be , problems that we can solve .
First , America can not run enormous -LRB- and growing ! -RRB- current-account deficits forever : at some point the desire of foreign investors to hold ever-increasing shares of their wealth in America must wane and then reverse .
Second , there are no signs that the US government either understands or has the will to stimulate the American economy sufficiently to produce rapid economic growth .
Short-term interest rates can not be pushed much lower .
More importantly , would the limited amount that interest rates can yet be cut do much to boost demand ?
Long-term interest rates could be pushed significantly lower if the Federal Reserve were to undertake the unprecedented step of mammoth purchases of long-term government bonds .
Fortunately , such efforts have usually been too small in magnitude to do significant economic destruction .
Similarly , whatever spending increases the US Congress approves this fall will not have significant effects on government spending until the summer and fall of 2004 .
Looking further out , US fiscal policy 's long-run problems will become increasingly visible and urgent : there is not even a hint of a plan for reconciling the long-term costs of the social insurance state with American taxpayers ' limited patience with high taxes .
The high rents paid to noble landlords increase their wealth and power by giving them the resources to keep the peasants down and widen the surplus -- for , after all , they can not make more land .
First , the key resources that command high prices and thus produce wealth are not fixed , like land , but are variable : the skills of craft workers and engineers , the energy and experience of entrepreneurs , and machines and buildings are all things that can be multiplied .
America 's college-to-high-school wage premium may now be 100 % , yet this generation of white , native-born American males may well wind up getting no more education than their immediate predecessors .
The problem is a broader failure of market competition to give rise to alternative providers and underbid the fortunes demanded for their work by our current generation of mercantile princes .
The market for labor compels people to move to where they can earn the most , at the price of potentially creating strangers in strange lands .
Similarly , `` social norms '' and `` views about distributive justice '' usually turn out to favor whomever has the biggest spear or can convince others that obedience to the powerful is obedience to God .
You can complain that redistribution and industrial policy were economically inefficient , but not that they were unpopular .
John McCain and the Decline of America BERKELEY -- Back in 1981 , America 's Republican Party gave up all belief that the government 's budget ought to be balanced .
The task ... was to create a new ... conservative ... Republican majority -- so political effectiveness was the priority , not the accounting deficiencies of government ... ''
We know the consequences : McCain 's fiscal policy is likely to be standard Republican fiscal policy -- and since 1981 , standard Republican fiscal policy has increased the ratio of gross federal debt to GDP by nearly 2 % per year .
Add it all up , and you can reckon on an America that in 2016 that will be much poorer if McCain rather than Barack Obama or Hillary Rodham Clinton is elected president .
However , under McCain , the wedge between public spending and taxes would be larger , Americans would feel richer , and they would spend more at the expense of `` posterity '' eight years down the road .
In the framework developed by the development economist Dani Rodrik , a shortage of capital can be a binding `` growth constraint '' : the place where `` the biggest bang for the -LRB- policy -RRB- reform buck can be obtained . ''
And even when other factors constrain growth more , they can not be changed without changing the shape and form of the economy 's capital stock .
That 's why the world took the neo-liberal bet in the 1990 's : international capital mobility would come to the rescue by relaxing capital constraints where they were binding , and by reducing the scope for corruption and rent-seeking , which was often a more significant binding growth constraint .
And we can hope that these capital flows will carry with them the institutions and managerial expertise that have made the core so wealthy .
But the rule is that governments should run surpluses and not deficits , so various American presidents ' economic advisers have been advocates of aiming for budget surpluses except in times of slack demand and threatening depression .
A few have done so because they are making careers as party-line Republicans , so their priority is to tell Republican politicians what they want to hear -LRB- Josh Bolton and Mitch Daniels come to mind here -RRB- .
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link , and it seems pointless to work to strengthen the Democratic links of the chain of fiscal advice when the Republican links are not just weak but absent .
Political advisers to future Democratic administrations may argue that the only way to tie the Republicans ' hands and keep them from launching another wealth-polarizing offensive is to widen the deficit enough that even they are scared of it .
Unlike in Venezuela , there is a viable scenario in which both visions -- macroeconomic orthodoxy and greater social justice -- can be realized .
If such people can not be appeased , or if they panic for no particular reason , then everything goes down the drain .
It is not at all clear that the Bush Administration and today 's IMF can offer similar support .
In 2004-2007 , I considered that I might be wrong about a relatively rapid resolution to the world 's economic distress : as the late Rudi Dornbusch put it , unsustainable macroeconomic imbalances can sustain themselves longer than economists -LRB- with their touching faith in rational human decision making -RRB- believe is possible .
The Fed 's first priority is to try to keep the American economy from dropping too far below full employment , and to try and avoid a US meltdown contaminating other economies .
Employment in construction and related industries is collapsing , as Americans and foreigners recover from their fit of irrational exuberance over housing prices .
And if housing and mortgage security prices do n't just fall but collapse , everyone should remember that construction employment falls faster than employment in tradable goods can grow .
Of course , US unemployment is rising , but if the American economy is in recession , it is the mildest recession ever .
Rudi Dornbusch was right : imbalances can last for longer than economists believe possible .
The Treasury and Federal Reserve are adding preferred stock to the balance sheets of the US mortgage giants Fannie Mae and FHLBC and the insurance giant AIG in the hope of shoring up their capital cushions and lowering their borrowing costs so that they can buy more mortgages .
You can argue that the corporate executives have expertise and knowledge that allows them to commit the funds they control to higher-return projects than are available in the stock market .
Or you can argue that they are corrupt empire-builders who dissipate a portion of the shareholders ' money that they control .
The sensible guess is that these two factors cancel each other out .
Once again , the sensible guess is that these two factors more or less cancel each other out .
All these arguments apply only to long-term investors who can afford to wait out another 40 % decline in values and keep their money invested until perceived risk drops . -LRB- And if perceived risk never drops than you have worse things to worry about than the performance of your portfolio . -RRB-
The Road to Depression BERKELEY -- For 15 months , the United States Federal Reserve , assisted by the financial regulators of the US Treasury , have been trying to make the macroeconomic consequences of the American mortgage-backed securities financial crisis as small as possible -- trying , above all , to avoid a deep depression .
Today , short-run economic policy can not just be left to the central bank alone . For one thing , its balance sheet is not big enough .
Moreover , the highest priority for central banks can no longer be to maintain their credibility as guardians of price stability , but rather their credibility as guardians of the financial system 's stability and soundness .
But in today 's prevailing conditions , we can not afford this perspective .
The Stimulus Ostriches BERKELEY -- Of all the strange things that have happened this winter , perhaps the strangest has been the emergence of large-scale Republican Party opposition to the Obama administration 's effort to keep American unemployment from jumping to 10 % or higher .
There is no doubt that had John McCain won the presidential election last November , a very similar deficit-spending stimulus package to the Obama plan -- perhaps with more tax cuts and fewer spending increases -- would have moved through Congress with unanimous Republican support .
It is very conventional short-run stabilization policy : you can find it in all of the leading textbooks ... ''
I can understand -LRB- though I disagree with -RRB- opponents of the stimulus plan who believe that the situation is not that dire ; that the government spending will be slow and wasteful -LRB- whereas properly targeted tax cuts would provide a more effective stimulus -RRB- ; and thus that it would have been better to defeat Obama 's stimulus bill and try again in a couple of months .
I can also understand -LRB- though I disagree with -RRB- opponents who believe that the short-run stimulus effect of the plan will be small , while America 's weak fiscal position implies a large long-run drag on the economy from the costs of servicing the resulting debt .
I simply do not understand their arguments that government spending can not boost the economy .
As far as I can tell , they are simply burying their heads in the sand .
You can argue that neither group should have boosted its spending to such a degree -- that both were subject to `` irrational exuberance '' -- and that someone should have taken away the punchbowl earlier .
But you can not argue that these groups did not increase their spending , and that their increased spending did not pull large numbers of Americans -- roughly two million in each case -- into productive and valued employment .
If businesses ' enthusiasm for spending on high-tech gadgetry and new homeowners ' enthusiasm for spending on three-bedroom houses can boost employment and production , then what argument can Harvey , Fama , Barro , Steil , and company make that government spending will not ?
Businesses that ought to be expanding and hiring can not , because the depressed general level of financial asset prices prevents them from borrowing money or selling bonds on profitable terms .
Even after central banks have pushed government bond prices as high as they can go , they should keep buying government bonds for cash , in the hope that people whose pockets are full of cash will spend more of it , and that this will directly pull people out of joblessness and into employment .
My guess is that the reason that the US government is not doing all it should can be stated in three words : Senator George Voinovich , who is the 60th vote in the Senate -- the vote needed to close off debate and enact a bill .
The administration 's tacticians appear to think that they are not on board -- especially after the recent AIG bonus scandal -- whereas the Geithner Plan relies on authority that the administration already has .
`` Exporting food is one of the few ways we can earn the foreign exchange we need to buy modern industrial technology , '' they say .
Not every developing country can grow rich by making and exporting computer chips , or plastic toys , or bananas .
It is also very surprising that the post-2000 Republican administration of George W. Bush has been so hostile to freer trade .
Indeed , Bush has backed several major anti-liberal initiatives : a steel tariff , the expansion of agricultural subsidies , and a declaration that FTAA -LRB- Free Trade Agreement of the Americas -RRB- negotiations can not even consider the impact of US agricultural subsidy programs on trade .
The world 's high - and middle-income countries should not imagine that the relatively rich can fence themselves off indefinitely from poverty and misery in the poorest countries .
First , it allows for many savers to pool their wealth to finance large enterprises that can achieve the efficiencies of scale possible from capital-intensive modern industry .
Finally , high finance allows for portfolio diversification , so that individual investors can seek high expected returns without being forced to assume large , idiosyncratic risks of bankruptcy and poverty .
Our invested wealth can only be made to appear liquid to any one of us , and only if there is no general shift in our collective desire for liquidity .
And it is also a fact that we are happier saving and accumulating if we receive positive and negative feedback on our decisions on a time scale that allows us to believe that we can do better next time by altering our strategy -- hence
Psychologically , we are naturally impatient , so it is good for us to believe that our wealth is safe and secure , and that we can add to it through skillful acts of investment , because that delusion makes us behave less impatiently .
If we push interest rates up , Greenspan thought , millions of Americans would become unemployed , to no one 's benefit .
Full employment is better than high unemployment if it can be accomplished without inflation , Greenspan thought .
You can argue that Greenspan 's policies in the early 2000 's were wrong .
But you can not argue that he aggressively pushed the interest rate below its natural level .
Bernanke 's the One BERKELEY -- William McChesney Martin , a Democrat , was twice reappointed to the job of Chairman of the United States Federal Reserve by Republican President Dwight D. Eisenhower .
Paul Volcker , a Democrat , was reappointed once by the Reagan administration -LRB- but not twice : there are persistent rumors that Reagan 's treasury secretary , James Baker , thought Volcker was too invested in monetary stability and not invested enough in producing strong economies in presidential years to elect Republicans -RRB- .
Alan Greenspan , a Republican , was reappointed twice by Bill Clinton .
And now Barack Obama has announced his intention to re-nominate Republican appointee Ben Bernanke to the post .
The reason , I think , that American presidents are so willing to reappoint Fed chairmen from the opposite party is closely linked to one of the two things that a president seeks : the confidence of financial markets that the Fed will pursue non-inflationary policies .
By reappointing a Fed chair chosen by someone else , a president can appear to guarantee financial markets that the Fed is not too much under his thumb .
And that can be a very valuable asset for an incumbent Fed chair -- one that no other candidate could match .
Likewise , Casey Mulligan of the University of Chicago really does appear to believe that large falls in the employment-to-population ratio are best seen as `` great vacations '' -- and as the side-effect of destructive government policies like those in place today , which lead workers to quit their jobs so they can get higher government subsidies to refinance their mortgages .
Theory is crystallized history -- it can be nothing more .
The Economic Policy Institute reports a poll showing that Americans overwhelmingly believe that the economic policies of the past year have greatly enriched the bankers of Midtown Manhattan and London 's Canary Wharf -LRB- they really are n't concentrated along Wall Street or in the City of London anymore -RRB- .
In America , the Republican congressional caucus is just saying no : no to short-term deficit spending to put people to work , no to supporting the banking system , and no to increased government oversight or ownership of financial entities .
What would the world economy look like today if Congressional Republican opposition to the Troubled Asset Relief Program -LRB- TARP -RRB- program and additional deficit spending to stimulate recovery had won the day ?
Credit easing and support of the banking system helped significantly by preventing much worse .
As Fed Vice Chairman Don Kohn said , ensuring that a few thousand investment bankers receive their just financial punishment is a non-starter when attempts to do so put the jobs of millions of Americans -- and tens of millions outside the US -- at risk .
The Obama administration 's fiscal stimulus has also significantly helped the economy .
For that price , American taxpayers will get an extra $ 1 trillion of goods and services , and employment will be higher by about ten million job-years .
With respect to Obama 's stimulus package , it seems to me that there has been extraordinary intellectual and political dishonesty on the American right , which the press refuses to see .
Obama 's Republican opponents , who claim that fiscal stimulus can not work , rely on arguments that are incoherent at best , and usually simply wrong , if not mendacious .
Remember that back in 1993 , when the Clinton administration 's analyses led it to seek to spend less and reduce the deficit , the Republicans said that that would destroy the economy , too .
Those who claim that America has a debt problem , and that a debt problem can not be cured with more debt , ignore -LRB- sometimes deliberately -RRB- that private debt and US Treasury debt have been very different animals -- moving in different directions and behaving in different ways -- since the start of the financial crisis .
This response is understandably controversial , because it rewards those who bet on risky assets , many of whom accepted risk with open eyes and bear some responsibility for causing the crisis . But an effective rescue can not be done any other way .
The political problem can be finessed : as Don Kohn , a vice-chairman of the Federal Reserve , recently observed , teaching a few thousand feckless financiers not to over-speculate is much less important than securing the jobs of millions of Americans and tens of millions around the globe .
Financial rescue operations that benefit even the unworthy can be accepted if they are seen as benefiting all -- even if the unworthy gain more than their share of the benefits .
What can not be accepted are financial rescue operations that benefit the unworthy and cause losses to other important groups -- like taxpayers and wage earners .
Officials can not say that a global recession has been avoided ; that they `` bailed in '' the banks ; that -- with the exception of Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns -- they forced the bad speculative actors into bankruptcy ; or that the government made money on the deal .
Given the depth of political polarization in the US , and thus the need for 60 of 100 votes in the Senate to end a Republican filibuster , there is no sign of it being able to do so .
Such a plan can get off the ground only if 50 Democratic senators are willing to rely on the budget reconciliation process -- used to combine the bills adopted by the House of Representatives and the Senate -- and are willing to accelerate that process and complete it within a month .
The Harvard economist Robert Barro , writing in The Wall Street Journal , recently made an intelligent argument against America 's fiscal stimulus . After wading through the drivel of ethics-free Republican hacks and knowledge-free academic hacks who claim , one way or another , that the basic principles of economics make it impossible for government spending decisions to alter the flow of economic activity , reading Barro comes as a great relief .
In that case , we will have spent $ 600 billion and gotten $ 810 billion worth of stuff in return , for a net social profit of $ 210 billion -LRB- and those who would otherwise be cyclically unemployed can not be said to place a high value on their lost leisure -RRB- .
Only if you think that there are additional large costs lurking down the road -- that the stimulus has destabilized price expectations and set in motion a destructive spiral of deflation , or that the stimulus has used up America 's debt capacity , driving up debt-service costs to a prohibitive level -- can the social profit turn negative .
So I really can not understand Barro 's last paragraph : `` The fiscal stimulus package of 2009 was a mistake .
The problem , I think , is that Barro tries to use the years of `` total '' war in the twentieth century -- World War I , World War II , and the Korean War -- to `` realistically evaluate the stimulus , '' because `` the defense-spending multiplier can be precisely estimated ... ''
Yes , the total war defense-spending multiplier can be relatively precisely estimated .
Moreover , Barro complains that because Christina Romer , who heads President Barack Obama 's Council of Economic Advisers , has `` not -LRB- carried out -RRB- serious scientific research ... on spending multipliers ... , '' he `` can not understand her rationale for assuming values well above one ... '' To say that policymakers should rely only on their own personal research to formulate policy seems to me simply bizarre .
At the moment , the United States Treasury can borrow at a real interest rate of zero for five years -- and shove the entire five-year inflation risk onto the lender .
Broadly , we see three areas in which Europe 's policymakers at both the national and EU levels can do better : global challenges where Europe could show greater leadership , the creation and strengthening of human capital within the EU and worldwide , and improvement in the effectiveness of the EU 's own political machinery .
It needs to build substantially on its leadership on climate change by adopting much tougher EU goals , and then use its international economic and trade clout to champion new global emissions standards that scientific opinion can accept as meaningful .
Education is by far the most profitable investment Europe can make , so it should be launching its most ambitious strategy ever to create a new knowledge dynamic and employment inside the EU while helping to expand greatly education in the world 's poorest countries .
But the paradox is that today 's reserves are not real wealth that can be pumped back into the domestic economy .
The challenge for China in the years to come is to divest itself of American debt , and begin investing in the health , education and environmental well-being of its own people .
So the best the world can currently hope for is revived dialogue , an agreement to freeze the North 's Yongbyon nuclear plant , and perhaps a moratorium on further missile and nuclear tests .
Of course , some of the big-ticket items in an economic engagement policy will remain contingent on progress in security arrangements and peninsular denuclearization . But North Korea and the international community can already take some substantive steps .
Moreover , Kim , too , needs assurances from Hu -- not that Chinese aid is coming , but that the Americans , South Koreans , and Japanese are prepared to give and take .
The US , moreover , should actively seek a path back to the Six Party Talks , resisting both the fatalistic idea that North Korea can never be persuaded to roll back its nuclear program and the dangerous notion of simply waiting for the North Korean regime to come begging , if not collapse .
One party alone can not represent the other . Nor can one party alone claim to be the legitimate government of Cyprus
We will have nothing to do with it . Adding insult to injury , EU officials say that Turkish Cypriots can not veto the application by Greek controlled Cyprus .
Tariffs and Tortillas BUENOS AIRES -- Ever since Mexico 's so-called `` Tortilla crisis '' this past January , street protests against food shortages and high prices , or against increasing taxes on agricultural production , have spread from Haiti to Central American countries , and across Latin America .
Given this history , it is no surprise that the first reaction of Latin American governments to today 's food crisis was unilateral .
Mexico , Peru , and other nations were suspicious of the anti-American rhetoric of the ALBA grouping , but some practical proposals -- such as the creation of a bank of agricultural products to reduce costs for small and midsize producers -- have come out of it .
While liberalization was promoted in the late 1980 's and embraced during the 1990 's , food markets in the developed world remained highly protected , with Latin American countries suffering the consequences .
For Latin American policymakers , assuring food security can really be achieved only if a new international regime of genuinely free trade for agricultural commodities is built .
The same model can and should be followed elsewhere in the troubled lands that border the European Union .
The redundancies that result are not only a waste of human resources , but also a source of stress for the people involved ; both in economic and social terms , mass redundancies can be tragic and can lead to dangerous instability .
Vocational training can soften these blows . Indeed , universal access to primary education and vocational training programs are at the heart of any strategy to eliminate poverty and ensure stability .
Compared to other forms of education , targeted professional training can offer swift results when economies are undergoing transition .
For individuals , it can help turn the threat of redundancy into the challenge of venturing in new directions .
For society as a whole , it can swing the balance from recession to growth .
But not only political and economic transitions are wrenching . Demographic changes can be equally painful for a society .
This strategy alone can enable these countries to compete economically in an increasingly global market .
Vocational education and training development can make a powerful contribution towards achieving this goal . It can offer radical change in the lives of millions of people by helping them find work and thus providing hope of a better life for their families and children .
It can also bring about crucial changes on a larger scale -- helping to reduce illiteracy and crime , for example , as well as other social pathologies that impede prosperity and stability .
Equally important , professional training development in the Middle East , North Africa , and Eastern Europe can bring about improved international relations and trade , together with reduced migration pressure .
Regardless of how much money is spent , it never can fund comprehensive reform of any country 's education and training system .
This is not to say that educational development is a field where foreign assistance is inappropriate . But because there are limits to what foreign assistance can achieve , it needs to be planned carefully .
Rather than fund comprehensive education reform , international partners can supply the tools with which individual countries can bring about reform themselves .
In December of 2002 , EU leaders committed the Union to start negotiations with Turkey on full membership , provided Turkey fulfilled the relevant criteria common to all candidate countries .
Countries with command economies and scant experience of democracy are about to become full members of the Union , after a decade of rapid transformation .
Turkey must , of course , fulfill the conditions common to all candidate countries , measured in a fair and reasonable manner .
These losses then translate into reduced demand for American or German machine tools .
Germany and China can do more than others .
The US can do a lot , in part because of the dollar 's status as the main international reserve currency .
Low interest rates mean that the additional debt burdens that public borrowing will create can remain manageable .
Training programs , including for green jobs , should be significantly increased .
As Americans debate their readiness to accept a woman such as Hillary Clinton as president , India has already done so , with the election of Pratibha Patil .
Although India 's presidency is primarily a ceremonial post that carries less weight than that of prime minister -LRB- the position once held by Indira Gandhi -RRB- , it is symbolically significant .
Sonia Gandhi , the leader of the ruling Congress Party , who pushed hard to promote Patil 's candidacy primarily on gender grounds , calls this election `` a special moment for women across the country . ''
Moreover , India can claim a great deal of pride in the fact that the last two presidents were from minority populations -- one from the lowest of castes -LRB- Harijan , formerly referred to as `` untouchables '' -RRB- , and another one from the Muslim community .
Even if we disregard some of the accusations against Patil as baseless , it is hard to imagine a less powerful candidate for the highest ceremonial post in the largest democracy in the world .
In a country full of contradictory attitudes toward women -- ranging from the worship of the powerful goddess Durga to the killing of innocent young brides -- such gestures can be very powerful .
But gestures can not be a substitute for real action , or for the hard work that is necessary to empower all Indian women .
One can only hope that she will prove her critics wrong .
For those women in India who have proven themselves to be effective leaders in all segments of society , it would be wonderful if she can demonstrate early on that she has the intellectual and professional gravitas that befits the position .
Asia 's Questions for America 's Next President NEW YORK -- In one of the longest American Presidential campaigns in history , neither party has addressed one of the most critical issues of the day : how can the United States successfully integrate its domestic concerns with an increasingly competitive global marketplace ?
And yet the Democratic presidential candidates , Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama , and the Republican nominee , John McCain , continue to tiptoe around such issues .
The next US president needs to provide a clearer understanding of how he or she will prepare America for a twenty-first century in which local issues are tied to global developments , global trends can have local implications , and America 's international authority will confront Asia 's newfound clout .
With this in mind , here are five questions that should be posed to America 's presidential candidates :
America once defined free trade for the new global economy , but many Americans are now using demands for `` fair trade '' to impose reactionary and protectionist trade policies .
The American invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan , regardless of their relative merits , have unquestionably poisoned America 's standing among Asia 's 900 million Muslims , from Pakistan to the Philippines and all points in between .
The Asia Society recently co-presented a new education study that showed American 15-year-olds ' science proficiency ranked 25th out of 30 countries tested , and lagged far behind their peers in Japan , South Korea , and Hong Kong .
Business leaders , such as Microsoft 's Bill Gates , have also complained about shortages of skilled workers , and have called for large increases in `` H1-B '' visas , which allow professionals to work in the US for short periods of time . How will you help American students compete globally , while ensuring a level playing field at home for talented foreign students and workers ?
In the past few months , every time I visited an Asian country -- whether South Korea or India , China or Japan -- I was asked repeatedly about candidate Obama 's positions on three issues : trade , foreign policy , and the new geo-economic order .
Their assumption is that Republicans will back free trade and oppose protectionism .
This time around , they have not heard much from the President-elect , who is a Democrat , on trade with Asia , and what they have heard about his position on the North American Free Trade Agreement -- an alleged desire to rewrite that trade pact unilaterally -- does not inspire confidence .
And , while scholars have begun to talk about building an Asia-Pacific community that can match the Atlantic community 's extensive network of relationships , there has been no clear signal from the US government about America 's role in this transformation .
I was in Korea last week , and several of my friends and colleagues , some in prominent public positions , were thrilled at the prospect of the new US president . They marveled at the fact that America 's democracy can actually make it possible for a youngish African-American to become the leader of the free world .
Educating Americans about Muslim Voices
Educating Americans about Muslim Voices NEW YORK -- President Barack Obama has extended an open hand of friendship in his landmark Cairo speech to the Muslim world -- seeking to engage Muslims with a commitment of mutual respect .
No one can doubt his sincerity .
But this aspiration will remain elusive without acknowledging the sad fact that most Americans remain woefully ignorant about the basic facts of Islam , and about the broad geographic and cultural diversity of Muslim cultures .
A majority of public opinion polls taken in the last four years show that the views of Americans about Islam continue to be a casualty of the attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Washington Post\/ABC News polls from 2006 , for example , found that nearly half of Americans regard Islam `` unfavorably , '' while one in four admits to prejudicial feelings against Muslims .
American views of the Muslim world are so colored by the conflict in the Middle East and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan that US citizens have no collective appreciation of the fact that most Muslims live in Asia .
A 2005 report by the US State Department 's Advisory Committee on Cultural Diplomacy called for a new vision of cultural diplomacy that `` can enhance US national security in subtle , wide-ranging and sustainable ways . ''
In 2008 , a bipartisan group of American leaders -- the US-Muslim Engagement Project -- convened by Search for Common Ground and the Consensus Building Institute , issued a report calling for a new direction for US relations with the Muslim world .
The current distance is rooted as much in ignorance as in hard political issues , many of which go beyond what arts and culture can realistically address .
However , cultural diplomacy and initiatives such as `` Muslim Voices '' can open the door to the reality of the Muslim world as a rich space for world-class artistic production .
Hence , if investment can be attracted to agriculture , it should be welcomed , and whichever rules are imposed should encourage it , not deter it .
The largest and best-equipped farms are highly competitive , in the sense that they can produce for markets at a lower cost .
But the EU 's posture as a protector of linguistic diversity can not hide the stampede toward English that is underway .
But English and national languages can co-exist only if the state protects the indigenous language and citizens do not allow English to take over all prestigious domains .
The challenge for Europe is to use English as such an instrument , while avoiding submersion in American and British culture .
Einstein sought to avoid the implication of unmodified general relativity that the universe can not be static -- that it can expand -LRB- slowing down , against its own gravity -RRB- , collapse , or be instantaneously at rest , but that it can not hang unsupported .
This particular prediction can not be tested -LRB- no observation could establish that the universe is at rest , even if it were -RRB- , but it is impossible to change the equations of general relativity arbitrarily .
Now that the guerrillas are boxed in , what can Rajapaksa reasonably offer to them and ordinary Tamils ?
True , but in politics the best justice can be the enemy of the general good .
Though the Tigers can no longer destroy Sri Lanka 's democracy , fighting to the last guerrilla is in nobody 's interest .
One can not succeed without the other .
· Be coherent and consistent . Human rights can not be defended if antiterrorism activities fail to respect the rule of law .
Nor can democracy be advanced if authoritarian regimes are supported simultaneously merely because - like Saddam Hussein 's Iraq - they are secular and anti-Islamist .
· Capitalize on institutional diversity . Because NATO and the EU share complementary priorities , both can develop mechanisms for inclusive security cooperation in peacekeeping operations .
· Address the question of political Islam . None of these tasks can be achieved without serious reflection about political Islam .
Its diversity must be recognized , so that groups that resort to violence can be differentiated from those that do not .
There can be no democratic transition if Islamic currents that reject violence and accept democracy 's ground rules are not integrated into the public arena .
A key factor in the success of any EU Middle East initiative will be the millions of European citizens of North African origin , who have a political , cultural , and economic role to play .
Democracies can deal with political Islam and respect fundamental rights .
They can fight obscurantism and respect diversity .
With over 1,000 US deaths in Iraq , and the huge pressures that the occupation of that benighted country has put on American troops around the world , it is clear that - for the first time in decades - foreign policy issues may determine the outcome of a US presidential election .
Ordinary Americans are asking themselves the same questions that people around the world are asking : how should America 's global supremacy be used ?
But , after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , they became confused with another debate , one far more important for a US electorate that feels threatened : how can alliances and multilateral institutions protect Americans ?
Nationalist and neo-conservative currents within the Bush administration believe that unilateral action best serves US interests because it handcuffs American power the least .
Unilateral announcement of troop reductions in Europe and Asia , where US forces primarily serve -LRB- as in South Korea -RRB- to dissuade aggression , can only be seen as a corollary of this tendency .
The Bush doctrine 's bedrock notion is that of `` pre-emptive war , '' a doctrine that lacks international legitimacy and that therefore can usually count on only a limited number of allies .
The idea behind pre-emptive wars is that American force should be projected through high-tech , blitzkrieg type wars waged from US soil , or from the soil of uncritical allies .
And the norms and rules that govern international institutions constitute a boundary on American power - and thus as a check on its hegemony .
Kerry and a growing number of Americans recognize that accepting limits on US power and the use of military force are a precondition for America 's ultimate security , that what binds can also strengthen , and that such limits will reinforce America 's ability to tackle the crisis in Iraq .
Kerry knows that in most cases military power alone can not be decisive , as there are other dimensions of power - so-called `` soft power '' - that are essential to resolving crises and establishing peace . These dimensions include international legitimacy , values -LRB- including tolerance -RRB- , and public opinion .
This would be a lot easier with the Constitution in place , but there are measures that can and should be adopted now to make that possible .
First , the community budget should be structured so that it has a significant impact on growth and employment -LRB- a return to the voluntarism of the Delors Packages , now applied to the Lisbon Strategy -RRB- .
Finally , Council meetings should be open when legislative matters are at stake , so that citizens can know who voted for what and according to which criteria .
All of this can be decided at the next European Council , even before the constitutional problem is resolved .
Europe and Europeans can not wait for a new treaty to show that the Union is able to fulfill that promise .
By contrast , authoritarian regimes ' repression of civilians , and their non-differentiation between civilians and killers , provides extremists with fertile recruiting conditions by discrediting the government in the eyes of a significant part of its population .
Europe 's response to terror requires , first and foremost , strengthening its intelligence services so that they can detect and dismantle terrorist cells while respecting basic rights and due process .
We can not -- indeed , must not -- cede to terror by building walls around and within our societies .
Not surprisingly , the empirical evidence that trade imbalances can be resolved through exchange rate changes alone is unconvincing .
Nowadays , however , shaft kilns are a favorite of local governments because they can be built cheaply and quickly and generate growth and employment .
And there were also jurisdictions that had canceled the licenses of the operators in question , so that , as one regulator put it , they simply `` did n't exist . ''
Healthcare is financed largely out-of pocket -- up to 60 % in Asia -- and many countries shoulder a `` triple disease burden '' of `` old '' diseases like tuberculosis and malaria , new infectious diseases like Influenza A -LRB- H1N1 -RRB- , and a `` silent pandemic '' in the form of non-communicable diseases such as diabetes and cancer .
Because supplies of donated medicines can be unpredictable , they can create chaos in the market by preventing accurate quantification of needs and thus affecting planning .
In middle-income countries , prices would more closely reflect a country 's ability to pay -LRB- for example , GSK cut the price of its cervical cancer vaccine , Cervarix , by 60 % in the Philippines and gained a 14-fold increase in volume sales -RRB- .
Sanofi-Aventis recently announced that it would halve the price of its diabetes drug , Lantus , and cancer treatment , Taxotere , in Indonesia and the Philippines .
But that liberating sentiment has recently undergone an ironic twist . As an anonymous American woman , justifying her decision to undergo cosmetic surgery , put it , `` All we have in life is ourselves , and what we can put out there every day for the world to see ... Me is all I got . ''
External substitutes for organic structures can be surgically implanted , breaking down the barrier between the body and the outside world .
The American law professor James Boyle believes that we can grasp the way in which the body has become an object of trade by likening it to the historical process of enclosure .
Genetic Property Rights on Trial LONDON -- In early February 2010 , a United States federal district court in New York began deciding a landmark case as to whether individuals have a `` right to know '' about how their own genomes can dictate their future health .
The case , American Civil Liberties Union v. Myriad Genetics , may have a tremendous impact on medicine and science .
One of the plaintiffs is Lisbeth Ceriani , a 43-year-old woman with breast cancer whose doctors recommended that she be tested for two genetic mutations involved in some hereditary forms of the disease .
Women with the `` wrong '' version of these genes have a heightened risk of developing breast cancer -LRB- up to 85 % , against the normal 12 % , although the genes account for only a minority of breast cancers -RRB- . These women also run a greater risk of ovarian cancer .
Although the gene 's function in causing breast and ovarian cancer was uncovered by Cancer Research UK in 1995 , Myriad , along with nearly 30 other defendants , argues that the patent is a necessary reward for its research costs .
In order to gain legal `` standing '' to sue Myriad Genetics , critics of genetic patents -- including the American Medical Association , the American Society of Human Genetics , and the American Civil Liberties Union -- had to find an issue that could be adjudicated on a constitutional basis .
In talking about similar issues raised in my recent book Body Shopping , I have heard many shocked reactions to the growing commodification of human tissue , but none more generally shared than this one : how can you take out a patent on life ?
If that is true , how can Ceriani rightfully be kept in the dark about what form the gene takes in her body ?
How can a commercial firm not only deny me the right to know my own genetic profile unless I pay their fee for the diagnostic test , which might be fair enough , but also to prevent any other firm from offering me a similar test unless those firms pay it a license fee ?
On one side of the Atlantic , American lawyers are prosecuting Nazi doctors at Nuremberg for crimes against humanity -- so-called `` research '' carried out on concentration camp prisoners .
Sixty-three years after the Guatemalan experiments , an American historian , Susan Reverby , was rummaging through archived medical papers from the 1940 's .
Reverby was completing a final task in her two decades of studying the PHS 's detestable Tuskegee experiments , in which hundreds of African-American men with late-stage syphilis were observed but not treated , even after penicillin was developed .
As Jean Hervé Bradol , who was president of Médecins sans Frontières at the time and led its African teams , put it : `` It was not a time for a drug trial at all .
Nowadays , another major controversy has erupted in several Indian states , owing to a research project to vaccinate girls against cervical cancer -- an issue that has now entered the US presidential campaign , because Texas 's governor , Rick Perry , now seeking the Republican presidential nomination , backed a similar mandatory program .
While preventing cervical cancer might seem a genuine benefit , critics charge that the program seems to be mainly about meeting targets , rather than serving the health-care needs of disadvantaged groups .
Slobodan Milosevic 's trial in the Hague is a timely reminder of just how devastating terroristic violence can be .
Interpol says that Albanian gangs now control 70 % of heroin trafficking in Germany , Austria , Switzerland and Scandinavia .
Ethnically motivated murders are less common of late , but this can not be deemed a success so long as Kosovo 's non-Albanians remain isolated in enclaves protected by KFOR .
The Balkan traffickers in drugs , arms , women , and refugees - the underground criminal trades that fund the terrorists - can be closed down .
The military leaders have shown that they can mobilize their forces in short order when they want , as evidenced by their violent crack down on thousands of monks and political activists last year .
Over the past three decades , five American presidents have struggled to figure out what to do about Iran .
They will need quickly to face up to the reality that in order to pursue US interests in the region , including stabilizing Iraq and Afghanistan , the current standoff with Iran can not continue , and that a greater degree of cooperation is unavoidable .
At the heart of the American-Iranian conflict is a deep mistrust about each nation 's readiness to tolerate the presence of the other on the world stage .
Dialogue focused on Iran 's nuclear program or on Iraq alone will not work . Instead , the full range of issues that are significant to US-Iran relationship must be on the table .
Current projections indicate that uranium shortages in the coming years can be avoided only if existing and new uranium mines operate according to plan .
But it remains to be seen if the uranium mining in this country can indeed increase further to 18,000 tons in 2010 and to 30,000 tons by 2018 .
One can also expect that the current worldwide economic crisis will not help to accelerate the construction of nuclear power plants and new uranium mines .
Let us hope that we can learn to adapt to simpler -- though perhaps still satisfying -- lifestyles .
Whether or not Perisic provided confidential military information to the American remains to be seen , but the fact that Serbia 's Prime Minister Zoran Djindjic demanded Perisic 's resignation suggests that , at the least , Perisic overstepped the acceptable limits of contacts with foreign diplomats .
Because Milosevic is obviously guilty and can defend himself in open court , they fail to look for imperfections .
So he decided to compete head-to-head in Serbia 's presidential elections of September 29 with the reform candidate Miroljub Labus , a vice-premier in charge of finance .
Se¨elj was much helped by Milo¨evic who , from his cell in the Hague , urged his Socialist Party to vote for Se¨elj , not for one of its own two quarrelling candidates .
Most of Se¨elj 's supporters will vote for Ko¨tunica in the second round because they view Labus as a lackey of Americans and Germans , of the IMF and World Bank , and simply of Serbia 's enemies the world over .
Since most people who voted for the eight minor candidates in the first round will also cast ballots for Ko¨tunica , he is all but certain to win .
So Ko¨tunica and Djindjic can not seek allies in the nationalist camp .
Who can say ?
We were still debating when finally the Americans had to come from halfway around the world , into Europe yet again , to do our work for us . Europe still has n't learned its lesson .
This hypocrisy continues even as it is discovered that some of the loudest critics of American action in Iraq made illicit billions -- indeed , tens of billions -- of dollars in the corrupt UN `` oil-for-food '' program .
One can not help but recall Britain 's Neville Chamberlain on his return from Munich , waving that laughable treaty signed by Adolf Hitler , and declaring the advent of `` peace in our time . ''
We find ourselves faced with a conflict that will most likely last longer than any of the great military clashes of the last century -- a conflict conducted by an enemy that can not be tamed by `` tolerance '' and `` accommodation '' because that enemy is actually spurred on by such gestures .
Only two recent American presidents have had the courage needed to shun appeasement : Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush . America 's critics may quibble over the details , but in our hearts we Europeans know the truth , because we saw it first hand .
On the contrary , we Europeans present ourselves , in contrast to the supposedly `` arrogant Americans , '' as world champions of `` tolerance , '' which even Germany 's interior minister , Otto Schily , justifiably criticizes .
For his policy of confronting Islamic terrorism head on , Bush risks the fall of the dollar , huge amounts of additional national debt , and a massive and persistent burden on the American economy .
Simple computer programs can compare two or more strings of these units and evaluate degrees of similarity , search huge databases to match new sequences against known ones , and cluster groups of sequences in the form of a family tree .
How can you match up something that 's never been found ?
And in a case brought by fourteen foreign nationals , the court cast aside the government 's argument that because the U.S. Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay is nominally under Cuban sovereignty , American courts lack jurisdiction to entertain legal claims brought by persons who had no say in where the U.S. military chose to detain them .
Although nowhere mentioned in either case , the scandalous treatment of Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghraib and the revelations that high-level government lawyers prepared confidential memoranda authorizing torture , likely played a part in the Justices ' reasoning .
In recent years , a majority of the Justices of the Supreme Court have articulated a multilateralist view of American law that stands in marked contrast to the unilateralism of the Bush Administration .
For example , in a 2002 Virginia case , the high court ruled that the execution of the mentally retarded is forbidden by the American Constitution as `` cruel and unusual punishment . ''
Significantly , the six Justices in the majority in the Virginia and Texas cases also constituted the majority in the Guantanamo Bay case : the four dissenters from Bush v. Gore plus Ronald Reagan 's two relatively moderate appointees , Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony Kennedy .
It can not have escaped their notice that to uphold indefinite detention of foreign nationals without judicial process would have made them virtual pariahs on the conference circuit .
Alarmed by this dramatic volte-face , the majority Justices in the Guantanamo Bay case may be trying to send assurances to the rest of the world that President Bush does not speak for all Americans , not even the ones who put him in office in the first place .
Here are judges , they will say , who do not understand that they have no legitimate qualifications to act as agents of American foreign policy , a job committed by the Constitution to the President and -LRB- they may grudgingly admit -RRB- Congress .
In the most celebrated American case of the twentieth century , Brown v. Board of Education , the Justices were probably influenced by a government brief explaining how racial segregation in the southern United States undermined American efforts to compete with the Soviet Union for the hearts and minds of people in developing countries .
By holding that American apartheid violated the constitutional command of `` equal protection of the laws , '' the court struck a blow for justice at home and American strategic interests abroad .
Yes , the existence of religious fanatics eager to kill large numbers of innocent American civilians warrants strong measures in response .
More importantly , can XDR-TB be controlled ?
Poor adherence to the therapeutic regimen , improper prescribing by clinicians , and drug interactions or malabsorption can result in partial suppression of bacterial growth and the emergence of resistant organisms .
Once this resistance develops , treatment is compromised , further resistance can evolve , and resistant organisms can be transmitted to other people , leading to primary drug resistance that may fail to respond to standard therapy .
Addressing drug-resistant TB can not be divorced from overall TB control efforts .
Last , but not least , the importance of effective advocacy for a more vigorous response to the global TB epidemic can not be overstated .
This includes promoting new drugs lines that can enhance the potency of first-line regimens , thereby shortening treatment duration and preventing the emergence of resistance in the first place . But new drugs are not enough .
First , it can be inflated away - a currency collapse fed by money creation until the debt disappears in a whirl of inflation .
The next slap came from criticism by American Republicans of the IMF 's strategy as nothing but unending bailouts .
That criticism was enshrined in the Meltzer Report , which now hangs even more ominously over the IMF because the Republicans now rule in Washington .
Democrats question tough-minded programs ; Republicans criticize bailouts ; nobody has anything constructive to offer . But criticism of the IMF not only comes from the American right .
What can the IMF do ?
The right person should not necessarily be an American as that would unduly limit the choice and risks bringing an appointment more distinguished by ideology than competence .
But the IMF must also reinvent itself to become far more focused ; it may not be able to change its image but it can become more effective .
All these are important , all these are remotely affected by IMF policies , none of them can get around the central truth that a country which has hit the ropes needs to practice austerity .
Even more troubling is the fact that the euro remains in the doldrums . It was supposed to dethrone the dollar or , at least , challenge American financial hegemony .
First there remains a belief that Japan , having so impressed everyone over the past 50 years , simply can not be a basket-case .
The question then is : can Japan 's popular and reform-minded new prime minister Junichero Koizumi turn things around ?
If he can do these three things , Japan can then rely on its human capital and high level of adaptability to move out of trouble .
What can stabilize the public debt ?
Such a stance serves the US -- including manufacturing -- better than talking down the dollar 's value to boost demand for American goods .
European policymakers remain ambivalent about the use of markets and so their economies can not stand up to comparison with America 's dynamism , not now and not any time soon .
True , the US can not borrow abroad forever and one day the dollar and the current account will turn .
As of yet , there is no rival to America or the dollar as far as the eye can see .
First , American inventories have fallen to very low levels .
Yes , euphoria has vanished and wo n't come back to 1999 's ecstatic levels , but in times of threat , Americans usually rally round the flag , they do n't hide in a bunker .
The argument for the latter is simple : with national currencies eliminated and everything priced in Euros , how can similar cars or loaves of bread have different prices on either side of a border ?
The smaller the market , the fewer the number of distributors that can serve it profitably .
When American Congressional committees weaken regulatory oversight of their business friends ; when accounting firms surrender their independence because of the lure of mega-contracts ; when corporate boards ca n't say no because the fees of board members are stunningly large relative to the effort ; and when managers live in a frenzy of self-dealing , the stage is set for capitalism to lose its reputation .
While evidence about the Enron debacle is not fully in , it is fair to say that Enron is both a great moral scandal and a blot on capitalism .
For the only way capitalism can be made acceptable , and hence deliver growth and prosperity around the world , is to practice this rite of exorcism in public .
Some will say that it will be impossible to build good boards of directors if members can be sued ; some will ponder what will happen to stocks if hard questions are asked about financial reporting by companies .
But can Europe deal with such a shock , and what would happen to the US if that happened ?
There is another strongly held belief : that Japan can not recover without a steep decline in the yen .
For the US the story is mostly neutral : a gain in competitiveness toward Europe , a loss relative to Japan , and with no net gain or loss in competitiveness or trade , scant inflationary effects to speak about , no interest rate hikes or stock declines - nothing to get excited about .
Europe will keep talking about the American house of cards , but with a sense of yearning that its dynamism is a trick an ageing Europe ca n't master .
Suppose all this is wrong , suppose suddenly the US can not attract enough capital .
With such anemic growth , how can Latin America expect to compete in world trade except through ever shrinking wages ?
No sane politician will commit to another decade of structural reforms that will test the patience of ordinary Latin Americans beyond the limits of electoral survival .
The popularity of Lula Ignacia da Silva and his team , who lead opinion polls in the run-up to Brazil 's presidential election , serves as a warning that much of the Latin American public is prepared to reject traditional governments .
But with growth in China 's coastal region running at possibly 15 % per year , who can seriously doubt that in 15 years it will surpass Brazil ?
Demagogues like Venezuala 's Hugo Chavez or Carlos Menem -- an Argentine presidential candidate once again -- may seem like a bad joke , but anyone who cares about Latin America 's fate should not laughing .
Unless something changes , there is little chance that the MDG targets can be sustained in the long run .
By the end of 2010 , four million African women will be screened , and tri-therapies treatment provided to 500,000 pregnant women worldwide .
Moreover , by the early 1960 's , the social psychologist Stanley Milgram had shown that ordinary Americans would go to extraordinary lengths in obeying malevolent authority .
There is also a growing recognition that the social circumstances to which terrorists are exposed play a significant role .
Finally , South Africa , with its world-class banking sector and internationally competitive construction companies , can supply services to the Chinese market .
Given China 's growing interest in securing African votes in the UN Security Council , there is scope for collaboration .
While these factors undoubtedly placed upward pressure on food prices , they alone can not explain the steep hikes .
These speculative investments can further strengthen the trend and push futures price further away from market equilibrium , especially if many investors follow suit or those who invest have sufficient funds to influence the market .
For each study that finds a significant connection between speculative trading and market volatility , there is at least one that claims the contrary .
· As excess demand in well-functioning futures markets can easily be met by sufficient supply -LRB- i.e. , by issuing new futures contracts -RRB- , the effect of speculation on the equilibrium price is relatively small and short-lived compared to price swings of a physical asset , for which supply might be less elastic or even fixed in the short term .
Opposition groups here applaud President Vincente Fox 's recent anti-American stance in the UN Security Council , while Mexican businessmen oppose it .
But Mexicans themselves are divided about what to do .
Some Mexicans congratulate President Fox for not caving in to US pressure to cast a vote in the Security Council for war , while others argue that he should .
Almost a decade into a free trade agreement that institutionalized integration , most Mexicans still do n't know how to behave toward Americans .
Mexico and the US do n't need to be the worst of enemies or the best of friends ; they can just be neighbors .
In effect , Mexico told the US : `` I can criticize you first , and help you later . ''
Many Mexicans -- and Americans -- find this shift difficult to understand .
Where the wider world is concerned , this meant that Mexicans were too often afraid to act ; they opted for stoicism and resignation instead of planning and action .
More broadly , the US must accept that times have changed and that Mexico can not be simply classified as either an historic antagonist that has to be bought off or an unconditional ally that can be taken for granted .
Nor , of course , should the direction of Mexico 's vote ultimately be determined by allegiance to an anti-American axis .
Mexican foreign policy must not be driven by the resentments of the past but by the pursuit of concrete interests in the future .
But Fox needs to move quickly from self-congratulation to action , because Mexico needs a more fulfilling relationship with America than the scanty prizes that are now dropping from Bush 's piñata .
Three years ago , Fox wanted the `` whole enchilada '' : a temporary workers accord , more Green Cards to allow Mexicans to work in the US , legalization of immigrants already in the US , development funds for Mexican communities that send immigrants to the US , and a bilateral approach to managing the problem .
Vicente Fox probably feels tempted to hit the piñata as it hangs there and go back home with whatever he can get .
But he has long-term responsibilities - both to Mexicans in Mexico and to Mexicans in the US - that go beyond obtaining a short-term political victory .
If Bush 's piñata ca n't spell out all the details , Fox should define them in Mexican and bilateral terms .
It is swaying in fierce electoral winds , it was made exclusively in the USA without Mexican help , and it does n't contain enough candy .
As a result , although Latin Americans can vote in a more democratic environment , they ca n't compete in a globalized world .
United by the right to vote , Latin Americans remain divided by poverty .
In the midst of the epidemic , 66 % of Mexicans believe that the country is regressing .
That is why home seems far , far away for so many Mexicans .
Saddled with an economic contraction of 8 % of GDP , higher than any other Latin American country , Mexico is also slipping in the global competitiveness index , lags behind in key social indicators , is being downgraded by investment ratings agencies , and faces the prospect of declining oil revenues , owing to a dramatic drop in production .
According to recent official data , 50.1 million Mexicans -- out of a total population of 104 million -- live below the poverty line , and 17.5 million do not have enough money to eat .
The global financial crisis thus revealed the Mexican economy 's inability to innovate , promote investment , create jobs , or provide conditions for social mobility .
What the current crisis has proved is that Mexico can not continue to float , ignoring its nakedness .
Already we can name three `` growth factors '' that will help the new security system to mature -- the development of the European Security and Defense Policy , the transformation of NATO , and Russia 's return to its rightful position on the world stage .
The Alliance 's strategic concept is outdated , yet it can not even agree on when to start preparing a new one .
A real , working NATO-Russia relationship could provide the Alliance with solutions to problems that it can not tackle on its own .
SEATTLE -- The recent pledge of $ 350 million by African leaders and the international community to help the more than 13 million people facing starvation in the Horn of Africa underscores the need for continued attention and funding to prevent this tragedy from claiming and scarring even more lives .
They are complicated events rooted in governance , security , markets , education , and infrastructure -- all of which can be influenced .
When farmers can produce more and earn more income , they become more resilient to shocks like severe weather and can put themselves and their families on a path to self-sufficiency .
This is not an isolated example . Thanks to the leadership of African countries that have made agricultural development a priority , and to the tireless efforts of many international organizations , real progress is being made against hunger and poverty on the continent .
That is why it is more important than ever for international donors and African governments to continue to support programs that give small farmers access to the good seeds , quality tools , and reliable markets that they need to become self-sufficient .
These tasks can not be accomplished unilaterally -- multilateral cooperation is indispensable .
Even today , thanks to a variety of sophisticated means , we can detect very small nuclear tests in remote locations .
Reciprocity can be complex , but an evolutionary perspective has cleared the path to understanding , just the same way it did in the case of blood kinship and altruism .
If goodness is a problem , then the answer -- or at the least part of the answer -- can be found in evolutionary biology .
In the wake of the defeat of the EU 's Constitutional Treaty in France and the Netherlands this spring , many say that Europe 's decade-old promise can not and should not be kept .
This is a sign that investors now see a significant risk of a Greek default or of Greece exiting from EMU and redenominating its government bonds .
As Argentina showed after its default and devaluation in the winter of 2001\/2002 , such a move can reignite exports and economic growth .
Because there is no current blueprint for this move , one can only speculate about what it would look like .
A country with sound public finances can thus become a fiscal basket case practically overnight .
Given the increasingly close financial and economic linkages between euro-zone members , rising government debt in even one EMU country can have serious consequences for all members , because no member state will allow another to default .
Monitoring external balances can be an effective tool to measure future default risks , since sustained current-account deficits lead to a growth in net foreign debt .
These new ties offer Latin America and the Caribbean both a new market and an example of how a dynamic economy can reduce poverty .
While China may be a ravenous importer of Latin American commodities , it is also a formidable competitor .
Brazil and Argentina have , for example , significantly increased agricultural exports to China , while Central America and Mexico have seen their imports from China increase dramatically .
In the 10 years between 1993 and 2003 , China 's and Hong Kong 's exports to Mexico rose from 1.12 % of total Mexican imports to 5.8 % .
Although Latin American and Chinese exports to the US have both grown significantly since 1990 , China replaced Mexico in 2003 as the second-leading exporter to the US in value terms after Canada .
With respect to other goods , including computers , Chinese-made products are set to replace Mexican output in overwhelming numbers .
But there are lessons to be learned and advantages to be gained from China if Latin American governments and businesses are willing to think creatively .
To a lesser degree , Latin American enterprises -- such as Gruma , Modelo , Embraer , Marco Polo , and Embraco -- have successfully introduced themselves in China .
Even in the Caribbean and Central American countries -- several of which do not have diplomatic relations with China -- commerce has been prolific .
Second , China 's large-scale penetration of the United States and European Union markets has , in many cases , displaced Asian and Latin American competitors .
China represents a massive challenge even for countries , such as Brazil , that have achieved a significant trade surplus up to now .
So dividing Latin American countries into `` winners '' and `` losers '' makes no sense .
Latin American countries would thus benefit from an open , non-ideological , and critical analysis of development experiences in the past few decades .
Otherwise , relations between China and Latin America will be far from harmonious , even as their significance continues to grow .
They are not directly censored , but they operate under the chilling knowledge that they can be shut down on vague charges at any moment .
But we can start with what exists , and by so doing create demand for the rest .
Civil-society groups do n't often run hospitals directly , but they can make their performance more transparent .
That alone can be useful .
With enough data , we can then figure out that the same `` disease '' is in fact a variety of different disorders , some susceptible to particular known treatments and some susceptible to others or simply incurable .
People with BRCA-derived breast cancer benefit from treatment with herceptin , whereas those with other kinds of breast cancer do not .
And much is still on paper , or in scanned images , insurance company records , and pharmacy transactions .
Companies such as Complete Genomics are developing software that can process the information .
Of course , spin , propaganda , and censorship persist in journalism , but with one big difference : Almost anyone can now operate as a reporter .
How can we ensure that these self-nominated reporters respect the truth ?
As the journalistic priesthood erodes and everyone can become a citizen reporter or commentator , regulating or training all would-be journalists is not the answer .
Governments can impose regulations , but in the end we will get the kind of journalism for which we ask .
We should not outlaw anonymity -LRB- which has its uses -RRB- , but we can ask for details about the people whose words we are reading .
Someone may legitimately want to remain anonymous , but we can draw our own conclusions about their reasons .
But , in this increasingly confusing world , we need to spend a little more time laboring to ensure our own intellectual integrity -- a task that we can not outsource to governments or even to media .
Facts are holy , but not all media that claim to report them , `` new '' or old , can be trusted .
To Google 's credit , if you Google that sentence , you can find reference to a debate on that claim that I took part in recently .
If you can use patterns in Google searches to track flu outbreaks and predict a movie 's commercial prospects , can you also use it to forecast market movements or even revolutions ?
In short , Google is changing expectations about what people can know -- even in the United States , where formal censorship is absent , but government obfuscation , opaque corporations , and the like are not .
Buyers and sellers can find one another , schoolchildren can find information needed for their homework , and sick people can find health information .
The Information State MOSCOW -- The new American administration of Barack Obama is planning to appoint a chief technology officer , following the lead of most large corporations nowadays .
The data also need to be easy to manipulate so that third parties - whether commercial data services or journalists -- can create compelling and revealing visualizations .
A government CIO also needs to remind us that as wonderful as the Internet is , it is most useful to people who can read and write .
The CIO should not be the minister of education , but he or she can provide advice on the use of information technology for everything from curriculum content to the institutional changes that can be wrought by better teacher-parent-student communications concerning homework assignments , grades , and even school-bus schedules and lunch menus .
Just as consumers can rate products , parents and students should be able to rate and provide feedback on the performance of individual teachers .
A government can do three major things : make -LRB- and enforce -RRB- laws , spend -LRB- or take -RRB- money , and inspire people .
Every country needs a CIO who can inspire its people with the power of information .
Now , you can usually find a Web site that will let you find out more and ask questions .
If an official meets with a lobbyist and is not ashamed of it , he can simply say so .
Voters can make their own judgments .
And if an official meets mostly with lobbyists , at the expense of other types of meetings , voters can make judgments about that , too .
Their tools can be used by anyone , in any country -- as long as they can get the data . With luck , the tools will foster demand for the data .
If we can increase security in general , then governments can focus on the real criminals .
A better approach is to view computer security as an issue of public health and economics , in which people can protect themselves but must pay for the costs they impose on others .
Users can still go where they want , but at least there are signposts warning that they are entering a dangerous neighborhood .
Google does this in its search results , working with StopBadware.org -LRB- I am an advisory board member -RRB- , and both Mozilla Firefox and Microsoft 's Internet Explorer offer similar protections . In all cases , adventurous users or professionals can overcome the paternalism , but only by paying what amounts to liability insurance , for the risks they impose on the system .
The challenge is to acknowledge the costs -LRB- as we are now doing with pollution -RRB- and assign them to people who can -- and can be compelled to -- pay for them .
But ISPs ' costs also include warning people away from bad sites , which requires a due-process system to notify owners of compromised websites -- so that they can fix them or realize that they have been exposed .
The project is deconstructing the car industry -- probably in a more effective way than American government officials are doing in Detroit .
Regardless of how the Libyan government eventually handles the LIA , all sovereign wealth funds -- and their advisers and fundraisers -- can learn several important lessons .
When the United States and the European Union decided to impose sanctions on the Libyan regime , including freezing shares owned by the LIA in European and American companies , many executives at these companies were surprised by how dramatically their firms were affected by the ownership structure .
All SWFs can respond to global political events by quickly withdrawing funds invested abroad .
As one of the WikiLeaks documents revealed , American diplomats lobbied the Libyan government during the financial crisis to keep funds in US banks , and to invest directly in a troubled US financial institution .
This model is being hailed internationally as a possible compromise formula for ending intractable conflicts where atrocities can not go unpunished but incentives must be found to disarm warring factions .
Only by defeating the FARC and eliminating its cocaine and heroin production through an eradication policy of crop spraying and subsidizing cash-crop alternatives , can he guarantee security to all Colombians .
Uribe 's second term brings the hope that two million of the country 's dispossessed and internally displaced can become proud stakeholders in Colombia 's now much brighter future .
The difficulties that EU governments face in managing the financial crisis are raising serious questions about whether national industrial policy and the Union 's competition rules can co-exist .
They probably can , but only if Europeans give up the political directives of yesteryear and instead promote innovation and more competitive environmental policies .
In January of 2000 , following the economic implosion caused by a banking scandal that implicated President Mahuad , and Mahaud 's subsequent replacement of the Sucre with the US dollar as Ecuador 's currency , CONAIE solidified its role at the heart of Ecuadorian politics .
However , pressure by the US Embassy and the Organization of American States resulted in a change of heart by Ecuador 's military and jail sentences for Gutierrez and Vargas .
Gutierrez began campaigning for the presidency shortly after his release from prison , but his chances looked slim until CONAIE decided to support his candidacy last summer .
Even so , Guttierrez 's election will have a significant impact on hemispheric geopolitics , particularly on the question of the FTAA .
So far , the Bush administration is playing tough and trying to force South American countries to submit by discussing trade agreements with Chile and Central America .
Maybe it is time , though , to look at why South America 's peoples are voting for candidates who question free trade and America 's military policy in the region .
Even if America were to reverse its current policies and reduce its domestic agricultural subsidies -- just one reason that Latin Americans view the FTAA as rank hypocrisy -- a focus on export-oriented agriculture in Ecuador tends to favor large landowners over small farmers , shifting income from the poor to the rich .
As a result , in a modernizing environment , doctors and engineers can find themselves in positions of religious authority , leading a Koran study group and interpreting scripture .
But , like right-wing Christians in the US , Islamists can be legitimate parts of a democratic political landscape .
Obviously , Microsoft owns its old software and can decide at what price to sell it -- or whether to sell it at all .
More subtly , Microsoft can control expectations , which turn out to be self-fulfilling when network economies are substantial , as they are in software markets .
Why buy a Windows machine when all your colleagues will own Macintoshes and can help you on them but not Windows , and when all the independent software developers will be programming for the Mac 's new Leopard operating system ?
Adding new features can speed the transition , but what is necessary is only that the new system be incompatible with existing systems in certain respects , and that a sufficient number of people expect that it will become the new standard .
As a result , Microsoft can not extract anything close to its full monopoly rents unless it sells upgrades .
So , by creating incompatibilities , some subtle and some obvious , that make its old software obsolete , Microsoft can sell its operating systems at high profit margins without fear that people will wait until the price drops .
This would give the company an incentive to ensure that new versions are compatible with and significantly better than old versions -- otherwise the new versions would n't sell , or at least not easily .
Despite the announced reforms , it is unlikely that there will be any significant exchange-rate flexibility in China 's currency .
Its policy is tailored after that of Singapore , which has avoided large currency fluctuations -- and has maintained a significantly more competitive exchange rate during the last three years than all of Latin America 's countries .
This means that in order to compete successfully with China , Latin American countries will need to increase productivity growth .
According to several international educational studies conducted in recent years , Latin American countries rank at the bottom , particularly in mathematics and science .
In the same tests , Mexico was in 37th place , while Uruguay , the highest-ranked Latin American country , came in 35th .
Latin American students performed especially poorly on the `` problem solving '' part of these tests .
Sadly , results are not much better in reading ability ; again , the Latin American nations were at the bottom of the 40-country sample .
According to a 2004 survey by The Times of London , not a single Latin American university is ranked among the top 200 in the world .
A sustainable economic growth rate that helps reduce poverty and inequality can be achieved only with a skilled and innovative labor force .
The heads of state of the hemisphere 's democratic countries met to discuss economic , political , and social issues -- and to lose another opportunity to create a new and healthier relationship between the United States and its Latin American neighbors .
True , the US is not the worst offender in the world when it comes to farm protectionism ; the European Union 's trade distortions are significantly more pervasive .
But it is also true that if the US wants to improve relations with its neighbors to the south , America should make significant bilateral trade concessions to the Latin American countries .
In the absence of US leadership in matters of international trade , the majority of Latin American countries will not open their economies further to foreign competition , and some may even return to increased protectionism .
Very few Latin American countries support the Iraq war ; indeed , only a handful of small countries in the region contributed troops to the so-called `` coalition of the willing , '' and today only El Salvador still has its troops in Iraq .
More broadly , most Latin American governments are increasingly critical of the Bush administration 's foreign policy , and they are unlikely to support major initiatives in international forums , including in the United Nations .
Moreover , a growing number of Latin American countries are veering left , and Hugo Chávez , the belligerent and anti-American Venezuelan president , is becoming increasingly popular in every Latin American country .
And , third , the US should support the demands of Latin American countries for a greater say in international institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund .
These initiatives will give the signal to Latin American leaders that , despite appearances to the contrary -- including the latest Summit of the Americas -- the region has not been completely neglected by President Bush and the US .
Yet , despite this good news , the continent 's politics have turned upside down , calling into question whether economic success can be sustained .
An increasing number of Latin American countries have elected left-wing presidents who criticize market reforms and globalization .
Colombia recently bucked this trend , and it now appears that the leftist candidate in Mexico 's presidential election , Andrés Manuel López Obrador , was narrowly defeated .
Since the 1970 's , Latin American countries have experienced , on average , 1.6 balance of payments crises per decade ; some of the better known include the Mexican crisis of 1994-95 , the Brazilian crisis of 1999 , and the Argentine crisis of 2001-2002 .
The economic consequences of these crises have been gigantic . On average , each of them cost the Latin American countries 12 % of GDP .
Moreover , in recent years , Latin American economies have gone through important economic transformations that have increased their resilience .
These structural changes have put most Latin American economies on a sound footing , reducing their vulnerability to external shocks , such as deceleration in world economic growth , higher international interest rates , and lower commodity prices .
Finally , they need to attain a rapid rate of productivity growth , which can be achieved only by ensuring a high-quality , broadly accessible educational system .
Indeed , students from Latin American countries consistently score at the very bottom of international achievement tests such as the Program for International Student Assessment -LRB- PISA -RRB- and the Third International Math and Science Survey -LRB- TIMSS -RRB- .
Only if growth is significantly faster over the long run will living standards for the vast majority of the region 's voters begin to rise .
The Financial Hurricane Hits Latin America
The Financial Hurricane Hits Latin America LOS ANGELES -- A few weeks ago , the world was on the edge of disaster .
This is undoubtedly to the good , and necessary to the conduct of orderly democratic life ; but to those not used to it , the ability to combine enmity with bonhomie can seem counterintuitive .
The idea that you could treat political enemies jovially , and perhaps have a drink with them after hours -- or enter into a coalition government with them -- can seem not only unnatural , but even a bit indecent , in such circumstances .
But how far can the separation between person and politician be taken -- and to what extent do we really give it credence ?
In judging candidates for high office , we are encouraged to eschew `` personality politics , '' and to disregard such aspects of politicians ' identities as their spiritual lives , their private behavior -LRB- unless obvious transgressions are committed -RRB- , and their appearance and aesthetic tastes .
In practice , few of us can manage to compartmentalize our perceptions -- and , perhaps , doing so would not be desirable .
A weaker dollar is needed to make American goods more attractive to foreign consumers .
Moreover , disenchantment with the sophisticated instruments that American financial institutions specialize in originating and distributing means more limited foreign capital flows into the United States .
There may be a temptation to inflate away debt held by foreigners , but the fact is that the majority of US debt is held by Americans , who would constitute a strong constituency opposing the policy .
Mark Twain , the nineteenth-century American author and humorist , once responded to accounts of his ill health by writing that `` reports of my death are greatly exaggerated . '' He might have been speaking about the dollar .
G-20 chairs can have considerable influence .
They organize its meetings . Like most committee chairs , they have significant agenda-setting power .
With the United States , Europe , and Japan still suffering post-crisis hangovers , this issue can be safely left to the country that chairs the G-20 in 2011 .
In particular , there has been little action on issues like creating a cross-border resolution authority to deal with the failure of a large financial group , something that can only be done at the international level .
South Korea must therefore do everything it can to reinvigorate the debate .
Why should there be so many European G-20 members -- other than the fact that they were incumbent members of the earlier `` G 's '' -- and not more African members ?
Here , South Korea can propose an obvious solution .
Since I was one of the few Americans to advocate a single European currency , you would be justified in asking : Am I having second thoughts ?
Currently , other member states can provide assistance to Greece only by bending the rules , which prevent them from lending except in response to natural disasters or circumstances beyond a country 's control .
One can only hope .
This , in turn , has fueled speculation that Zhu will be a candidate to become the next managing director .
There should be an open competition , in which the best candidate wins on the basis of his or her ideas .
China is finally prepared to let the renminbi resume its slow but steady upward march . We can now expect the renminbi to begin appreciating again , very gradually , against the dollar , as it did between 2005 and 2007 .
Others , who see a substantially undervalued renminbi as a significant factor in US unemployment , will be disappointed by gradual adjustment . They would have preferred a sharp revaluation of perhaps 20 % in order to make a noticeable dent in the US unemployment rate .
The Chinese economy is growing at potential : forecasts put the prospective rate for 2010 at 10 % ; the first-quarter flash numbers , at 11.9 % , show it expanding as fast as any economy can safely grow .
China successfully navigated the crisis , avoiding a significant slowdown , by ramping up public spending .
And if its exports grow more rapidly , they can allow the renminbi to rise .
Overheating having been avoided , the Chinese economy can keep motoring ahead at its customary 10 % annual pace .
By giving American firms more earnings , it will increase corporate savings in the US .
Seeing the economy hurtling toward a brick wall , they are holding their collective breath , while evidence that the government is serious about stepping on the brake can induce them to exhale .
But they can reduce interest rates by eliminating the perceived risk of sovereign default . Banks will be able to borrow from one another for less , and thus able to lend to firms for less .
We can not make investors less greedy .
Unintended consequences can not always be prevented .
It has contributed significantly to international thinking on the design of new lending facilities .
Investors could take this as an indication that policies had deteriorated significantly and rush for the exits .
First , the notion that importers , exporters , and bond underwriters will want to use the same unit as other importers , exporters , and bond underwriters holds less weight in a world where everyone has a mobile phone that can compare currency values in real time .
Finally , the view that there can be just one international and reserve currency at any point in time is inconsistent with history .
They can adopt a longer time horizon , because , unlike private fund managers , they do not have to satisfy impatient investors .
Firms need stronger tax incentives for R&D . Productivity growth can be boosted by public investment in infrastructure , as illustrated by the 1930 's examples of the Hoover Dam and the Tennessee Valley Authority .
But , even if rapid productivity growth is possible under current circumstances , it can not be taken for granted .
There 's good reason to worry , for the experience of the 1930 's suggests that exchange-rate disputes can be even more dangerous than deep slumps in terms of generating protectionist pressures .
So what can be done to address the situation without getting into a beggar-thy-neighbor , retaliatory free-for-all ?
Fortunately , the Chinese government has a ready solution to this problem : that 's right , it can let its currency appreciate .
The same story can be told about other new industries like synthetic chemicals , dyestuffs , and telephony , in all of which Britain failed to establish a foothold .
Governments can offer a menu of new bonds worth some fraction of the value of their existing obligations .
Bondholders can be given a choice between par bonds with a face value equal to their existing bonds but a longer maturity and lower interest rate , and discount bonds with a shorter maturity and higher interest rate but a face value that is a fraction of existing bonds ' face value .
When Latin American debt was restructured in the 1980 's under the Brady Plan , these `` sweeteners '' were provided by the United States Treasury .
BERKELEY -- Complaints about the inflationary effects of American monetary policy are rampant , despite there being barely a hint of inflation in the United States .
As a result of a recklessly expansionary American policy , they argued , they were being flooded with imported finance .
American officials countered that the financial inflows reflected Europe 's underdeveloped capital markets .
American policy could be reined in without starving the global economy of liquidity .
As a result , they have few skills that can be applied elsewhere if the job they expect fails to materialize .
One can argue that the worst is yet to come -- that there will be more inflation and unemployment down the road -- and that , when they come , the euro area will collapse .
Fortunately , there is another way : emulate the Brady Plan , under which commercial banks , together with the United States , the International Monetary Fund , and the Paris Club of sovereign creditors , restructured and took haircuts on the debt of Latin American and Eastern European governments at the end of the 1980 's .
There are limits to how quickly a country can reform .
A society can bear only so much pain and suffering before it loses faith in its political system .
But the process for issuing SDRs is cumbersome , and there are no private markets in which they can be traded .
The US debt-ceiling fiasco has raised doubts in the minds of central bankers about the advisability of holding dollars , while Europe 's failure to resolve its sovereign-debt crisis continues to fuel doubt that the euro can survive .
Why not develop markets in which they can be traded ? Is n't this a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to move away from a world where the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank hold the supply of international liquidity in thrall ?
It is critical that leaders distinguish what must be done now from what can be left for later .
The French and German governments , which have budgetary room for maneuver , can do so on their own .
In the case of countries with poor fiscal positions , Europe 's rescue fund , the European Financial Stability Facility , can lend for this purpose .
If still more money is required , the International Monetary Fund can create a special facility , using its own resources and matching funds put up by Asian governments and sovereign wealth funds .
Again , help can come in any number of ways .
Creditors can agree to relax Greece 's fiscal targets .
The limp debt exchange agreed to in July can be thrown out and replaced by one that grants the country meaningful debt relief .
Other EU countries , led by France and Germany , can provide foreign aid .
Those who have spoken of a Marshall Plan for Greece can put their money where their mouths are .
Germany can cut taxes .
Until there is hope , however remote , that Greece can begin to grow again , the problem will not go away .
In September of that year , Bundesbank President Helmut Schlesinger made some reckless comments about how devaluations within Europe 's system of supposed stable exchange rates `` can not be ruled out . '' Schlesinger 's unguarded remarks signaled that the Bundesbank was not willing to do whatever it took to preserve the system -- a signal that encouraged investors to place massive bets against the British pound and Italian lira .
Unless yields on those bonds fall to German levels , there is no way that Italy 's debt arithmetic can be made to add up .
But structural reforms can not be accomplished overnight .
Those credits can be converted into dollars and other currencies at the Fund , and can be used in official transactions among IMF member countries . But they can not be used in the other transactions in which central banks and governments engage .
They can not be used to intervene in foreign-exchange markets , or in other transactions with market participants .
Despite the trials and tribulations of the American economy , dollar securities remain the dominant form of reserves because of the unparalleled depth and liquidity of US markets .
Central banks can buy and sell dollar securities without moving those markets .
At the moment , countries holding 85 % of IMF voting power must agree before SDRs can be issued , which is no recipe for liquidity .
The IMF 's management would also have to be empowered to decide on SDR issuance , just as the Fed can decide to offer currency swaps .
Note the one thing on which members of both camps agree : the global savings imbalance -- low savings in the US and high savings in China and other emerging markets -- played a key role in the crisis by allowing Americans to live beyond their means .
American households are saving again .
But once American households rebuild their retirement accounts , they may return to their profligate ways .
Indeed , the Obama administration and the Federal Reserve are doing all they can to pump up US spending .
If this view is correct , we can expect to see global imbalances re-emerge once the recession is over and to unwind only slowly thereafter .
US budget deficits as far as the eye can see might excite fear of losses on US Treasury bonds .
The agreement on contributions is significant , it is said , because China and Japan will both contribute 32 % .
Also significant , we are told , is the agreement to make decisions by simple majority , with countries ' votes to be roughly in proportion to their contributions .
This means that no single country can block action , in contrast to the IMF executive board , which makes decisions by consensus , giving large countries like the United States de facto veto power .
These dilemmas can be finessed by giving both surveillance responsibilities and the actual power to disburse funds to an independent board insulated from national politics .
The idea that the US can grow out of its debt burden , as did Finland and Sweden following their financial crises in the 1990 's , seems unrealistic .
If there is going to be more aggregate demand , it can come from only one place .
China can purchase more industrial machinery , transport equipment , and steelmaking material , which are among its leading imports from the US .
And , tough talk notwithstanding , the Obama administration has yet to offer a credible roadmap for fiscal consolidation . Doing so would reassure American taxpayers worried about current deficits .
Only by working together can the two countries lead the world economy out of its current doldrums .
The IMF has moved in this direction by creating a Short-Term Liquidity Facility through which countries with strong policies can draw from the Fund up to five times their quota without conditionality .
But when large economies whose currencies are used internationally need more resources , they can just print more money .
But , as the sub-prime mortgage debacle reminds us , large countries ' policies can place the global financial system at risk .
There can be no more mincing of words .
What emerging markets can add to this agenda is , to put it charitably , unclear .
They can argue that this is not their problem -- that the crisis of the last two years has been centered in the advanced economies , and that it is these countries ' financial systems that need to be fixed .
Other things being equal , cross-border lending fell less in countries with significant foreign-bank presence than in emerging markets where foreign ownership of banks was not dominant .
After the common currency 's first decade , however , increased divergence , rather than rapid convergence , has become the norm within the euro area , and tensions can be expected to increase further .
Italy , meanwhile , failed to use the significant windfall from the steep decline in long-term interest rates caused by the introduction of the euro and a decade of rapid economic growth to repair its debt position . Italy 's debt barely budged and stayed well above 100 % of GDP .
Of course , governments can slash their expenditure and increase taxes to balance their budgets , or at least to embark on a path leading in that direction , as the hotly debated example of Greece has shown .
In the absence of some miraculous improvement in productivity growth of the same order as the Internet or globalization , the world can expect a lengthy period of low growth and exceedingly difficult fiscal consolidation .
They have no access to political and economic power in a society that considers them of scant value .
Congo 's government has undertaken no significant effort to bring those responsible for these gender atrocities to justice ; new laws have paid lip service to sexual violence , but no one has been prosecuted .
The local authorities should be assisted in efforts to pursue , arrest , and prosecute accused perpetrators before new local tribunals that enjoy significant prosecutorial and police powers .
The compromise reached at Nice four years ago is important because it contains , among other provisions , all the technicalities of voting balances and power sharing among EU institutions that must be firmly in place before the Union can admit new members .
Without it , the accession candidates can not be invited this December to join the Union , as promised in Copenhagen ten years ago .
But the fundamental consequences of the upcoming referendum for Europe need to be clearly impressed upon Irish voters , so that no one can later claim that they did not know what was at stake .
The Irish people must be brought to understand that if they can not accept the Nice Treaty , nor can they block it .
A new No vote can lead to only one outcome : Ireland 's departure from the institutions of the EU , one way or another .
Their decision must be respected . But they can not be allowed to stop the enlargement process .
Europe must accept the Central and Eastern European candidate countries into the Union , and must do so now .
Let us start with some simple aeronautic dynamics , using an analogy that my PIMCO colleague , Bill Gross , came up with to describe the economic risks facing the American economy .
It has to move forward fast enough to exceed critical physical thresholds , which are significantly higher than those for most of Boeing 's other -LRB- smaller -RRB- planes .
The private sector alone can not and will not counter the risk of stall speed .
Yet , in today 's polarized environment in Washington , Republicans and Democrats are unwilling to compromise -- or at least to compromise `` too early . ''
By holding out , Republicans wish to force President Barack Obama 's administration into massive spending cuts .
In effect , the political system would again be kicking the can down the road , with real progress on necessary fiscal reforms expected only after the November 2012 presidential election .
The baseline expectation , albeit subject to risk , is that Democrats and Republicans will find a way to avoid disruptions that would damage the fragile US economy , but that the compromise will not meaningfully address the need for sensible medium-term fiscal reforms .
The world economy is hard-wired to the assumption of a strong America , and Americans benefit from this .
How can the European Central Bank , a Germanic institution , now be in the business of buying government bonds issued by five of its 17 members ?
And the question then becomes whether the crew of the struggling rescue vessel will decide that they can stabilize the situation only through a once-unthinkable action -- throwing someone overboard to lighten the vessel and save the rest .
Markets understand that the ECB can not forever substitute for other government agencies , so they repeatedly call into question its bridging strategy .
Only chaos-lovers wish for such an outcome , but it is possible if core governments continue to hesitate in engaging their balance sheets ; if peripheral governments abandon their fiscal-reform efforts ; and\/or if societies can no longer tolerate economic stagnation , high and rising unemployment , and budget austerity .
You can add this to the list of previously unthinkable things that we have witnessed lately .
They have also paid back a significant share of external debt and converted much of what remains into more manageable local-currency liabilities .
On the one hand , they can compensate for the global weakness by turbo-charging their own internal demand through aggressive fiscal stimulus .
On the other hand , these economies can opt for greater self-insurance .
Having put yourself in their position for a moment , can you blame them ?
If the Greeks can not see that , their partners must let them know that there is a price for their obstructive behavior .
If you want to open `` new chapters '' in relations between old adversaries , you can not simply close `` old chapters '' by denying or suppressing history .
You can not build lasting future relations between countries that have each in their own way suffered so much , without coming to terms with the past .
The Danish philosopher Soren Kierkegaard put his finger on one of the more fundamental problems : `` Life must be lived forwards -- but can only be understood backwards '' .
So how can Turkey under these conditions maintain confidence in the EU 's fairness ?
Therefore , the recent lack of progress in Turkey 's reform process can to a large extent be explained by the EU 's behavior .
The EU 's Appeasement of Russia Once again , Ukraine is in the eye of a political hurricane .
But , by using its energy resources and recovered confidence to fuel instability and discord , it is seeking to expand its sphere of interest -- an outcome that can be averted only by a unanimous and determined EU response .
So 2001 can be a crucial year in the never-ending story of the creation of a new and better Europe .
The driving force , however , can only be an understanding that EU enlargement must be regarded as a win-win situation for all countries involved directly or indirectly - including Russia .
So Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania can not be regarded as special Russian `` spheres of influence '' requiring Russian assent for membership in either the EU or NATO .
A recent study presented at the Baltic Development Forum suggested that , if Poland and the three Baltic countries become EU members in 2003 and continue their efforts to catch up economically with the rest of the Union , annual growth in their GDP can be 2-4 % higher than the EU-average .
But private business can only meet that challenge if governments are prepared to remove the many barriers that exist to growth and free trade .
The importance of seizing this opportunity can not be overstated .
Every day names can be put on the anonymous body bags , and a decent burial can take place .
So long as General Mladic and his henchmen do not join Mr. Milosevic in The Hague , we can not believe that the FRY really belongs in the company of democratic European states in respect to the rule of law .
Membership in the international community can not be given away at a discount .
NATO 's enlargement makes it crystal clear that no country in the new Europe can be regarded as part of another country 's `` zone . ''
Such a grand project can be achieved if the political will exists and asserts itself .
The chairman stated : `` This is the hour of Europe , not the hour of the Americans . ''
As we all are embarrassingly aware , it was the Americans who had to produce the intervention that finally stopped the bloodshed in the Balkans .
But even during the Cold War , Americans often pointed out that the European pillar was lacking .
Greater `` burden-sharing '' was a rote American demand .
The defense treaties concluded recently by France and the United Kingdom appear to be a good example of what can be obtained through greater cooperation and integration -- even though it is a strictly bilateral affair with no direct links to either NATO or the European Union .
British `` Tommies '' have to learn to speak French , and French legionnaires will have to learn English -- and the limits on the spirit of cooperation will no doubt be found at the entrance to every army , navy , and air force canteen .
After all , can anyone imagine French sailors eating `` spotted dick '' or any other culinary peculiarity of the Royal Navy ?
Political leaders will have to tell their constituents that there are limits to how much military budgets can be cut , as the `` peace dividend '' from the Cold War 's end was digested long ago .
French President Jacques Chirac has alarmed the EU candidate countries of Central and Eastern Europe .
Then the French president assumed the role of kindergarten instructor vis-à-vis what he called `` badly brought up '' candidate countries , telling them that they were `` ill-behaved '' and that `` they missed a great opportunity to shut up . ''
President Chirac 's self-appointed role as an expert in diplomatic good behavior can not be taken seriously , even by those of us who know -LRB- and love -RRB- France .
Like King Lear after he lost his kingdom , there is nothing France can do about its lost influence but rage impotently .
How can you possibly expect a country such as , say , France to accept being voted down by its EU partners on vital foreign and security policy issues ?
The history of Franco-German reconciliation is impressive indeed . But it can no longer be taken for granted that other EU countries will automatically ratify the agreements that they reach between themselves as the lodestar for common policies .
This is particularly true when their objective is to establish an `` alternative '' to American leadership in security policy .
The letter from the eight European leaders -- and the later statement from the `` Vilnius Ten '' group of Central and Eastern European countries -- demonstrated that France -LRB- and Germany -RRB- can not dictate a European agenda that creates transatlantic rifts .
If sex reassignment surgery can relieve a person 's suffering , then the question of whether or not it is treating a conventionally defined illness seems beside the point .
The more people who are persuaded that they have a disorder that can be medicated , the more medication the company can sell .
The rhetoric of personified evil is easily seen through American examples , but is hardly a uniquely American phenomenon .
So , too , have protestors around the world made George W. Bush resemble Hitler , and mullahs throughout the Islamic world ritualistically harangue US presidents as earthly Satans , simultaneously noting their basic affection for the American people .
Recent American leaders , for their part , find it nearly impossible to deploy military force without first employing such rhetoric as both mantra and crutch .
George W. Bush had earlier noted that Americans `` had no quarrel with the people of Afghanistan , '' only with Al Queda and their Taliban supporters .
He even employed this phrase in his final State of the Union address in 2008 , saying that `` Our message to the people of Iran is clear : We have no quarrel with you ... Our message to the leaders of Iran is also clear : Verifiably suspend your nuclear enrichment , so negotiations can begin . ''
Every American president since Wilson has , at least once while in office , uttered the phrase `` have no quarrel with '' a foreign enemy .
Such statements are typically made only days , sometimes hours , before the first American bombs fall .
Bill Clinton promised on the eve of the bombing of Serbia that `` I can not emphasize too strongly that the United States has no quarrel with the Serbian people . ''
More than one-third of Americans in 1917 could trace their heritage back to Germany and its allies .
He instead rhetorically transformed American soldiers from fratricidal killers into liberators of their ancient fatherland .
Only when foreign enemies looked different from what Americans conceived themselves to be could presidents wage war against a people as a whole .
Thus , Franklin Roosevelt could simultaneously urge Americans to keep the world from being `` dominated by Hitler and Mussolini , '' even as he told them that `` we are now in the midst of a war against Japan . ''
For Americans , 1989 validated everything they already believed .
They saw demonstrators in East European capitals and Chinese crowds in Tiananmen Square chanting for freedom , and believed that those throngs wanted to be American .
Subsequent events seemed to validate this American recipe .
The Gulf War confirmed American military might and the age-old perils of appeasement .
The Clinton era gave us active democracy-promotion as the principle tool of American foreign policy , which George W. Bush 's administration took to unprecedented extremes .
Cold War victory provided the answer for each . `` America 's resolve and American ideals so clearly articulated by Ronald Reagan , '' Clinton said , `` helped to bring the Wall down . ''
Despite his frequent avowals of change , his central articulation of American policy seems remarkably static .
This is why Obama 's America spends more on weaponry than the rest of the world combined , and why democracy-promotion remains the unquestioned foundation of American foreign policy , with debate possible only about its application .
History offers a recipe for success , so long as Americans adhere to the lesson of 1989 .
They heard in pleas for freedom from behind the Iron Curtain not a desire to become American , but to join the remarkably successful European experiment in collective security and prosperity that emerged after World War II .
The legacy of 1989 echoes even in Iran , whose leaders seem clearly to have learned from Tiananmen Square and the collapse of the Iron Curtain that a committed government can , indeed , demobilize a public demanding reform .
But government spending on goods and services , like education , highways , police , and sanitation , has distributional consequences , too , and can be allocated to actual beneficiaries in much the same way as government transfers .
If these packages target education -LRB- very redistributive -RRB- or sanitation , fire , police , and highways -LRB- mildly redistributive -RRB- , they can create jobs and reduce inequality .
Even if Google does ultimately leave China , the game is not over . Western companies can promote Internet freedom from the outside , by providing useful technology as well as the keys to access it .
Twitter , which lets people send bite-size messages to large groups , allows Chinese to quickly disseminate urgent news or even uncomfortable facts . `` Twitter can create a faster information flow than any official agency , '' says Michael Anti , a journalist in Beijing who has long been at the forefront of the Chinese Internet movement .
Government can also play a role in empowering Chinese netizens .
Pigments , probably used in symbolic activities such as tattooing or body painting , are found at Southern African sites since 300,000 years , but also at contemporaneous and more recent Neanderthal sites in Europe .
The intentional character and symbolic significance of burials prior to 30,000 years ago , especially those of Neanderthals , remain the subject of intense debate .
Bone tools and beads are virtually absent from sites in Africa and the Near East inhabited by modern humans beginning 100,000 years ago , and few abstract engravings on bone and on fragments of ochre are found at African sites dated to 75,000 years ago .
More fundamentally , behavior is certainly a significant component in determining a species ' adaptation , geographic range , and mate-recognition system - all of which contribute to the maintenance of species boundaries .
If the fact that we are the only human species left on earth is the result of an historical accident rather than Darwinian competition , we can open our minds and accept that we share some of our `` culture '' with both our living and no longer living relatives .
When overseeing military exercises from aboard a nuclear submarine near Scandinavia , Vladimir Putin announced that Russia had developed a new missile system , the finest in the world .
Low-income countries can develop democracy , but they have a tough time maintaining it .
Practically everything that a Russian citizen can find in a supermarket , including the supermarket itself , is produced or imported by private firms .
You can not deceive people about growth ; they feel the weight of their pockets better than anyone else .
But you can manipulate their understanding of it : who are the authors of growth , the Khodorkovskys or the Putins ?
Unfortunately , it is unknown even to neighbors as close as the Scandinavians .
A recent fashion in St. Petersburg are restaurants with names such as `` Lenin 's Mating Call , '' `` USSR , '' and `` Russian Kitsch , '' which has frescos showing collective farmers socializing with American Indians while Leonid Brezhnev , resembling Frank Sinatra , gives a speech to a stone-age tribe .
The justification for canceling elections in Russia is the need to fight terrorism -- the end that now justifies all means .
Since the pacification of Chechnya with violence and subsidies , the incarceration or emigration of a few financially viable opponents , and the massive `` social investments '' of recent years , which , under Medvedev 's personal supervision , have bribed the population , no credible force can seriously challenge Putin 's men .
And Putin can not avoid responsibility .
Americans today compare their current crisis to the Great Depression ; Russians compare theirs to the crisis of 1998 , which is much fresher in the collective memory .
Though the current level of anti-Americanism in Russia 's official media seems unprecedented , the regime is most worried about internal problems .
Surkov , the deputy chief of the presidential administration since 1999 , co-chairs the `` Working Group on Civil Society '' -- one of several bodies created in 2009 to `` reset '' Russian-American relations -- with Michael McFaul , US President Barack Obama 's adviser on Russia .
The working group may have contributed to ending the war of words , at least on the American side , and McFaul has now been nominated to become US Ambassador to Russia .
With 23,000 nuclear weapons -LRB- equivalent to 150,000 Hiroshimas -RRB- still in existence , more than 7,000 of them actively deployed , and more than 2,000 still on dangerously high launch-on-warning alert , we can not assume that our luck will hold indefinitely .
We know now -- with multiple revelations about human error and system breakdown on both the American and Russian sides during the Cold War years and since -- that even the most sophisticated command and control systems are not foolproof .
But there are a number of major contributions that less powerful states and leaders , as well as civil-society organizations , can make .
Carbon dioxide can also kill us , but not as quickly as bombs .
They want full UN membership , but -- facing inevitable veto of that option by the United States in the Security Council -- are willing to accept as a fallback a majority vote by the General Assembly recognizing Palestine as a non-member `` observer state , '' the status now enjoyed by the Vatican .
Only negotiated agreement on all of the critical outstanding issues -- boundary definition , Jerusalem , security guarantees for Israel , and refugees -- can do that .
The ICC is not a kangaroo court , and allegations without substance can be expected to be treated accordingly .
It is crucial in this context that RtoP advocates continue to emphasize that coercive military force can be contemplated only in the most extreme and exceptional circumstances .
The first reason is concern that Israel will perceive the existence of one or two Iranian bombs as an existential threat , demanding a pre-emptive military attack -- with or without US support , but in either case with resources that Iran knows it can not match .
Financial sanctions , direct and indirect , already are biting -- including on the Revolutionary Guard and its significant economic interests -- but have been tolerable in the context of asserting Iran 's `` right to enrich '' under the NPT .
But , just as we can not afford to underestimate the forces of extremism that persist there , we also fail at our peril to comprehend the currents of restraint and good sense that run within the country , including at high policymaking levels .
No state can abdicate the responsibility to protect its own people from crimes against humanity , let alone justify perpetrating such crimes itself .
Not even the most passionate advocate of the responsibility to protect can pretend otherwise .
True , one or more of these results might , conceivably , be the effect of permissible military action , but they can not be its objective .
Of course , a close watch should be maintained , so that enforcement action under Resolution 1973 can be very quickly reinstated .
When states preach virtues they do not practice , or set lower hurdles for allies , trading partners , or co-religionists than they do for others , irritation and non-cooperation are the least they can expect .
What credence can the responsibility to protect have when we know that however bad things get in Tibet , Xinjiang , or the Northern Caucasus , military action against China or Russia will always be off limits ?
When our common humanity is under threat , even if we ca n't do everything we should , should n't we at least do what we can ?
We know that terrorist groups have the capacity to engineer nuclear devices and would explode them anywhere they could ; we simply can not be confident that we can forever deny them access to the fissile material they need to fuel them .
So long as nuclear weapons remain , states can justify maintaining a minimum nuclear-deterrent capability .
But that can be done without weapons on high alert , and with drastically reduced arsenals in the case of the US and Russia , and , at worst , at current levels for the other nuclear-armed states .
The third message is that if the existing nuclear powers sincerely want to prevent others from joining their club , they can not keep justifying the possession of nuclear weapons as a means of protection for themselves or their allies against other weapons of mass destruction , especially biological weapons , or conventional weapons .
Too Much Information CANBERRA -- As a British court weighs whether Julian Assange should be extradited to Sweden , and American prosecutors weigh the criminal charges they will file against Private Bradley Manning , the alleged major source for the disclosures by Assange 's WikiLeaks , global debate continues on whether such revelations do more good than harm .
What is clear in all of these cases is that the stakes are so high that it simply can not be left to the judgment of WikiLeaks and media outlets to make the necessary calls without consulting relevant officials .
They do leave bruises and generate tensions that are bound to undermine the confidence and frankness with which individuals interrelate , which can sometimes impede effective cooperative decision-making .
Such leaks are also bound to lead governments to place a higher premium on information generated by covert intelligence-gathering , which is generally less leak-prone , but usually of much lower quality -- as I can personally attest , having once been responsible for Australia 's main secret services .
Taming Bigotry MELBOURNE -- At a time when the horrific events in Norway remind us how much murderous bigotry there still is in the world , perhaps a story from the other side of it can restore a little optimism that some positive , historically significant , changes in attitude really are occurring .
Just a few days earlier , in an incident that also drew significant media attention and condemnation , a spectator hurling racial abuse at a Sudanese-born player was escorted from the ground and banned from attending future matches unless he undertook racism-awareness education .
Casual racism -- disparaging remarks made about other ethnic and national groups around the workplace , or over the bar or the family dinner table -LRB- as I can well remember growing up in the 1950 's -RRB- -- had become much less prevalent in Australian private life , and certainly wholly absent from public life , by the 1990 's .
But would this sentiment extend to those of African descent and to members of other ethnicities who were gradually becoming a more visible part of Australian life ?
Europe has been unifying gradually for 50 years now , and we can reasonably look forward to further inter-continental cooperation and integration , not least because of scientific and technological developments .
At the same time , we can expect a growing Atlantic community as successive rounds of trade liberalization make it easier to develop a free-trade area between the EU and the United States .
But , of course , this can only function smoothly if exchange-rate fluctuations between its members ' currencies have been eliminated .
But if the fluctuations can be `` ironed out , '' as John Maynard Keynes put it , total economic efficiency can be improved .
This time , China 's current-account surplus has been shrinking significantly , owing to the global recession caused by the collapse of the US financial bubble .
American companies can not compete with these countries either . So no new jobs would be added in the US , but the inflation rate would increase .
This would push up inflation rates significantly , forcing the US Federal Reserve to tighten monetary policy , thereby quite possibly undermining America 's recovery , which remains unsteady .
If the US dollar needs to devalue because of fundamental disequilibrium in the US economy , the problems can not be fixed by lowering the dollar 's value alone .
What is certain , however , is that China 's politicians have a domestic agenda just like the Americans .
Moreover , one can easily imagine that import demand would soar further if the US and the European Union lifted their bans on exports of high-tech products to China .
Indeed , the current situation indicates that a significant adjustment in exchange rates may not be needed at all in order to redress global imbalances .
Such a single-factor situation is easier to deal with than the double-factor situation of 2004 , and because the high investment demand has been mainly stimulus-related this time , policymakers can handle it in a more timely fashion if they perceive a problem .
China has sustained rapid economic growth for 30 years without significant fluctuations or interruption -- so far .
Indeed , the type of central government inherited from the old planned economy , with its over-stretched growth plans , causes fluctuations , and contributed significantly to instability in the early 1980 's .
Economic theory holds that all crises are caused by bubbles or over-heating , so if you can manage to prevent bubbles , you can prevent crises .
The same logic can be applied to the US economy , but in the opposite way : even if the US wants to consume a lot and does not save , it may not run trade deficits if it does not invest much .
If Americans and Europeans had saved more , they might not have created the global imbalances that fueled the financial crisis , or the worldwide sovereign-debt problems that have since emerged .
But this can and should be addressed by domestic policies aimed at bringing about structural change , not by external policies like exchange-rate appreciation .
But a township in Guangdong province can easily serve a population of 500,000 to one million -- larger than that of many cities outside of China .
But in modern industrial , urban , and market-based societies , what may matter increasingly are transport costs , which means that geography can cause deep regional inequalities .
Of course , the government 's efforts alone can not entice industrial investors to `` go West , '' because public infrastructure spending can not overcome all problems .
Without a road , you can not transport resources and finished goods .
But , even with a road , you still must pay for tolls , gasoline , fleet maintenance , and other costs -- and it can still take five days to get your goods to the coast if you want to export .
This is the labor that flows in the opposite direction , from west to east , promoting the only economic equality a country can ever achieve -- equality of per capita income , not of GDP .
But I believe that other factors are also essential One-factor mobility may work well in a theoretical model , but in the dynamic real world , if the income gap can not be narrowed rapidly enough , conditions that serve to enlarge the gap -- such as unfavorable geography -- may come to dominate .
As a result , the income of almost 70 % of the labor force can not increase as fast as their labor productivity , and average household income thus can not grow as fast as the economy as a whole .
The best a government plan can do is to prevent the worst .
But in China , where farmers make up 30-35 % of the labor force and 70 % of the population falls into low-income categories , government can play only a marginal role .
Money used by commercial banks to satisfy the RRR , which is held in accounts at the PBC , can no longer be extended as loans .
And , while inflation is a concern -- having risen to 4.4 % year on year in October , from 3.6 % in September -- this can not explain why the PBC raised the RRR three times earlier this year , when inflation was lower .
Moreover , capital inflows increased significantly , owing to real investment opportunities in the high-growth economy and the expectation of renminbi revaluation .
This may result in `` extra reserves , '' which commercial banks can not use to extend their credit lines .
As a result , Chinese commercial banks can operate longer with a higher RRR than their counterparts elsewhere .
Yes , further revaluation of the exchange rate is needed , but this can play only a secondary role .
Another striking difference between China and some other developing countries is that Chinese cities , large and small , lack any sign of significant urban poverty or slums .
Households can keep this entitlement for the term of the lease -LRB- now 30 years -RRB- , but they do not have a property right in the land itself .
If rural workers have financial difficulties , which in other countries often lead to land sales , they can work harder to find other jobs or seek government help .
But land can never be sold or mortgaged , and its use can not be changed from farming to other commercial purposes without government permission .
This peculiar arrangement has generated an important result : if migrant workers lose their urban jobs , they retain some income from their land lease and can return to their village and reclaim the land -LRB- normally within one year -RRB- .
Announcing the abolition of the hukou system might be easy , but it would mean little without institutions that can cushion the risks faced by rural migrant workers in China 's cities .
But , step-by-step , it can and must be done .
With China 's rapid growth increasingly affecting a wide range of issues worldwide , it has become expedient for US presidential candidates to blame China for some of America 's domestic problems .
Although the majority of China 's exports now come from private companies that receive virtually no loans from state banks , American candidates in previous elections routinely sought to curry favor with working class voters by vowing to protect US jobs against China 's supposedly unfair business practices .
Attacking a communist country has always seemed to offer American politicians a convenient way to appeal to the average voter .
After all , most US voters can be trusted not to learn how other countries , let alone countries in the Far East , really work .
American companies and the entire US economy have a huge stake in China now , so both candidates have no interest in rocking the boat .
A candidate may promise more anti-dumping actions against Chinese goods , vow to press harder on China to change its exchange rate regime , or sharpen criticism of China 's weak enforcement of intellectual property rights ; but over-protectionism may make a candidate look irresponsible in 2004 .
Indeed , protectionism can do nothing to reduce America 's trade deficit and stanch domestic unemployment .
There is no hiding these facts from American voters anymore .
China has never been a positive factor in American politics ; so , from its perspective , the less it is mentioned in this US election season , the better .
There can be no underestimating the scale of the human devastation wrought by Asia 's horrific tsunamis .
Asia 's current share of global GDP -LRB- about 38 % -RRB- is still far from what it was in 1820 , but both countries feel that they can -- and must -- participate in calling the global shots .
In contrast to the emergence of the West in the nineteenth century , which proved such an economic disaster for most of Asia , the continent 's re-emergence can have an immensely positive effect on the twenty-first century 's global economy , including , needless to say , the West .
This crisis , too , can be a stepping-stone for a long-term political solution involving all parties in the Middle East .
Likewise , influential groups such as Hamas , the legitimate winner of the Palestinian elections , can not be eliminated by military force , however powerful , nor exorcised by decree .
Nonetheless , there can be a diplomatic process with rights and obligations .
This policy of inclusion rather than exclusion is based on political pragmatism and the belief that this carnage can and must stop .
Resources impose an upper bound on what ultimately can be produced ; thus , it is the relevant concept for determining the likely dates of peak production and ultimate exhaustion .
Recent studies suggest that adult male circumcision can be a promising prevention strategy , if properly and hygienically performed and accompanied by appropriate counseling and post-surgical care .
But our ultimate goal is to develop a vaccine that can prevent HIV infection .
Moreover , any inadequately treated TB becomes multi-drug resistant , so that treatment failure can be either cause or consequence of MDR-TB .
The good news is that we already know many of the policies and technologies that can deliver substantial savings in energy consumption and CO2 emissions .
We 're talking about significant changes in the pattern of investment across the supply and demand chains , as well as huge additional spending on new capital stock , especially in power plants and in more energy-efficient equipment and appliances .
Clear price signals , including carbon pricing , are crucial , and many non-OECD countries , in addition to needing financial support to help reduce their greenhouse gas emissions , can benefit from the removal of fuel subsidies .
Governments can create incentives to innovate , encourage research , and break down international barriers .
It is easy to imagine disasters so severe that drastic action to prevent them would be reasonable , and advocates of drastic action can easily scare the public with imagined disasters .
The problem is that the principle can not be applied consistently .
Disasters lurking in the distance are legion : asteroids and comets ; world-wide pandemics and plagues ; nuclear and non-nuclear wars ; droughts , famines , and floods ; volcanic eruptions , earthquakes , and tsunamis ; human over-population and extinction of non-humans ; rising temperatures and sea-levels ; falling temperatures and spreading ice ages ; exhaustion of clean air and water ; disappearance of forests , farms , and fish .
Our resources are limited , and so are the costs we can pay for remedial actions .
We do not know how much of the recent rise is caused by human activities . Some of the recent rise , associated with the shrinking of glaciers , is not caused by human activities , since the glaciers have been shrinking for hundreds of years while human activities became significant only in the last century .
In the 12 years since their commercial introduction , insect-resistant GM crops have increased yields while significantly decreasing the use of toxic pesticides .
But the use of molecular techniques to improve crop plants continues to be rejected emphatically by many countries in Europe , by Japan , and -- most tragically -- by many African countries .
The so-called `` food crisis '' of 2008 was not really a crisis in the sense of a condition that can be resolved by the quick application of emergency measures .
Citizens of many urbanized , developed countries have grown nostalgic , increasingly convinced that organic farming , a throwback to nineteenth-century agriculture , produces nutritionally superior food -LRB- it does n't -RRB- and can solve the world 's food problems -LRB- it ca n't -RRB- .
With the world 's focus on the debate over Iraq , the war on terror , and the Bush administration 's doctrine of unilateral preemption , the American government 's new emphasis on the utility of nuclear weapons has not received the attention it deserves .
Many of the actions of the American administration , and much of the US government 's rhetoric , may actually be increasing the threat from nuclear weapons rather than making the world safer .
Despite efforts to downplay the significance of the Nuclear Posture Review since its publication , it remains , in my view , extremely provocative and dangerous .
This approach is not in America 's national interest , nor is it consistent with American traditions and values .
There is , of course , truth to the statement that a strong dollar benefits the American public , since it allows Americans to buy foreign products at a lower cost in dollars .
But , while the declining dollar does reduce Americans ' purchasing power , the magnitude of this effect is not large , because imports account for only about 15 % of US gross domestic product .
A 20 % dollar depreciation would therefore reduce Americans ' purchasing power by only 3 % .
At the same time , the lower dollar makes American products more competitive in global markets , leading to increased exports and reduced imports .
This improved competitiveness of American goods and services is needed to shrink the massive US trade deficit .
Second , since the US has a large trade deficit that can only be cured by a more competitive dollar -LRB- while the euro-zone countries collectively have a trade surplus -RRB- , investors expect a trend decline in the dollar .
Although individual foreign investors can sell the dollar securities that they own , they can only sell them to other foreign investors .
While aimed at reducing long-term environmental damage , cap-and-trade policies could produce significant harmful economic effects in the near term that would continue into the future .
A cap-and-trade system can cause serious risks to international trade .
When the permit prices become large enough to have a significant effect on CO2 emissions , there will be political pressure to introduce tariffs on imports that offset the advantage of countries with low permit prices .
America 's Saving Rate and the Dollar 's Future CAMBRIDGE -- The saving rate of American households has risen sharply since the beginning of the year , reaching 6.9 % of after-tax personal income in May , the highest rate since 1992 .
Since reducing the trade deficit requires increasing exports and shrinking imports , the international value of the dollar must decline to make US products more attractive to foreign buyers and US goods and services more attractive to American consumers .
The higher interest rate will reduce the level of business investment and residential construction until they can be financed with the smaller volume of national saving plus the reduced capital inflows .
As a result , one-third of all American homeowners with mortgages are already `` underwater '' -- their mortgage debt exceeds the value of the house .
More specifically , the rising unemployment rate , along with the large number of employees on involuntary part-time work , has increased the number of people who can not afford their monthly mortgage payments .
If a homeowner stops making mortgage payments , the creditor can take the property but can not take other assets or a fraction of wages .
Mortgage interest rates fell below 5 % in March and April , but have risen significantly since then .
Significantly , foreclosures rose 7 % month on month in June , and a whopping 32 % compared to June 2008 .
But the unemployment rate could be over 9 % -- and possibly even more than 10 -- when it begins to act . If so , can we really expect Congress not to object ?
While the fiscal stimulus packages enacted in the past two years have been helpful in achieving the current rise in economic activity , the path of future deficits can do substantial damage to long-run growth .
Add to this the pledge not to raise taxes on anyone earning less than $ 250,000 and you have a recipe for large fiscal deficits as long as this president can serve .
While the meaning of `` coordinated '' has not been spelled out , it presumably implies that the national exit strategies should not lead to significant changes in exchange rates that would upset existing patterns of trade .
Once the Chinese are confident about their domestic growth rate , they can allow the real value of the renminbi to rise .
The Global Impact of America 's Health Care Debate CAMBRIDGE -- Since assuming the presidency earlier this year , Barack Obama 's primary legislative focus has been on reforming the financing of American health care .
Yet his proposals are meeting strong opposition from fiscally conservative Democrats as well as from Republicans , owing to their potential impact on future fiscal deficits .
About 85 % of all Americans are now covered by some form of health insurance .
In short , an overwhelming majority of Americans are insured , with government a major financer of health care .
It is clear that there is a significant danger that the current legislation would add substantially to future US deficits -- and establish a precedent for even more expensive expansions of health care in the future .
But anyone who recalls what the American and British economies were like before Reagan and Thatcher , and who knows the changes that they introduced , must also recognize that the world can not go back .
Combining these conservative assumptions about potential GDP with the effect of the cyclical rebound -- an estimated 1.2 % annual rise in real GDP -- would produce real GDP growth at an average annual rate of 2.6 % , which would be significantly higher than the 1.9 % rate in the decade ending in 2009 .
And investors with smaller dollar holdings , who can shift to other currencies much more easily than the Chinese , are right to ask themselves whether they should be diversifying into non-dollar assets -- or even shunning the dollar completely .
That is a big accounting loss , but it does n't change the value of the American goods or property investments in the US that the Chinese could buy with their trillion dollars .
Large budget deficits have led to high inflation in countries that are forced to create money to finance those deficits because they can not sell longer-term government bonds .
Looking forward , investors can protect themselves against inflation in the US by buying Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities -LRB- TIPS -RRB- , which index interest and principal payments to offset the rise in the consumer price level .
And , with the euro down significantly relative to many other currencies over the past year , Europe 's trade balance can increase further in the months ahead .
But the eurozone can increase its inflow of foreign capital only if it has a current-account deficit , i.e. , if it increases its imports relative to its exports .
In the end , Greece , the eurozone 's other members , and Greece 's creditors will have to accept that the country is insolvent and can not service its existing debt .
CAMBRIDGE -- The crisis in Greece and the debt problems in Spain and Portugal have exposed the euro 's inherent flaws . No amount of financial guarantees -- much less rhetorical reassurance -- from the European Union can paper them over .
And when a country with excessive fiscal deficits needs to raise taxes and cut government spending , as Greece clearly does now , the resulting contraction of GDP and employment can not be reduced by a devaluation that increases exports and reduces imports .
The North American Free Trade area increased trade among Canada , Mexico , and the US , all of which have separately floating exchange rates .
But such a strategy can work only in countries where the duration of the government 's debt is long and the interest rate on that debt is fixed .
In the current situation , the US can not reduce the real value of its government debt significantly by indulging in a bout of inflation , because the average maturity on existing debt is very short -- only about four years .
And does n't Japan 's persistent deflation since the early 1990 's also show that , once it begins , deflation can not be reversed by a policy of easy money or fiscal deficits ?
So the good news is that the possibility of significant inflation or deflation during the next few years is low on the list of economic risks faced by the US economy and by financial investors .
Unfortunately , you can not tell from the forecasts .
There is a distribution of possible growth rates , and the forecaster is telling us just one of the outcomes that he can contemplate .
Many forecasters currently believe that there is a significant probability that the economy will slump during the next 12 months -- a `` double dip '' in the expansion process .
Before that , between 1960 and 1985 , American households saved an average of 9 % of their after-tax incomes .
Moreover , the increased availability of credit cards gave Americans a greater ability to dissave , buying goods and services now and paying for them later .
All of this changed abruptly when the American economy fell into a deep recession at the end of 2007 .
CAMBRIDGE -- American economic policy aims for a dollar that is strong at home and competitive abroad .
But foreign investors , who hold nearly half of the US government 's debt now -- and are likely to hold an even larger share in the future -- could still have reason to worry that the US might someday try to reduce the value of its debt in a way that adversely affects them but not Americans , or that affects all debt holders but relieves the foreign-debt burden on American taxpayers .
This need not mean outright default ; a plan to repay principal and interest with low-interest securities rather than cash -- or to withhold income tax on interest earned from government bonds , crediting those taxes against the obligations of American taxpayers -- would achieve the same result .
Those were the days of sharply rising incomes , when Japanese households could increase their consumption rapidly while adding significant amounts to their savings .
Since the volume of US imports varies with the overall strength of the American economy , so does the volume of other countries ' exports .
A significantly higher saving rate would help the US economy in the long run , but it would be a barrier to robust growth in the next few years .
Although the goods and services that travelers buy may cost less in the US than abroad , the overall price of American products is still too high to erase the enormous trade imbalance between the US and the rest of the world .
To be sure , the falling dollar over the past few years has made American products more competitive and has caused the real value of US exports to rise sharply -- by more than 25 % over the past three years .
While experts try to work this out in terms of portfolio balances , a more fundamental starting point is the fact that a US trade deficit means that Americans receive more goods and services from the rest of the world than they send back -- $ 700 billion more last year .
The inflation differential between the dollar and the euro is now relatively small -- only about one percentage point a year -- but is greater relative to the yen and lower relative to the renminbi and other high-inflation currencies . Over the longer run , however , inflation differentials could be a more significant force in determining the dollar 's path .
American investors who sell bonds to the Fed will want to diversify the dollars that they receive from it .
That provides a further reason for American investors to shift part of their portfolios from dollars to other currencies that are not likely to experience rising inflation .
Investors in the US and other countries can not buy either renminbi or renminbi-denominated bonds in the way that they can buy other currencies .
It is significant that this policy was adopted before Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke 's speech in August , in which he announced his tentative plans for quantitative easing .
The overall trade-weighted value of the renminbi has thus declined significantly , particularly relative to the currencies of the emerging-market countries with which Chinese producers compete .
CAMBRIDGE -- The tax package agreed to by President Barack Obama and his Republican opponents in the United States Congress represents the right mix of an appropriate short-run fiscal policy and a first step toward longer-term fiscal prudence .
The long-term implications of the agreement stand in sharp contrast both to Obama 's February 2010 budget proposal and to the Republicans ' counter-proposal .
Obama wanted to continue the 2010 tax rates permanently for all taxpayers except those with annual incomes over $ 250,000 . The Republicans proposed continuing the 2010 tax rates permanently for all taxpayers .
That reduction in potential deficits and debt can by itself give a boost to the economy in 2011 by calming fears that an exploding national debt would eventually force the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates -- perhaps sharply if foreign buyers of US Treasuries suddenly became frightened by the deficit prospects .
It is surprising , therefore , that forecasters raised their GDP growth forecasts for 2011 significantly on the basis of the tax agreement . A typical reaction was to raise the forecast for 2011 from 2.5 % to 3.5 % .
CAMBRIDGE -- There is no doubt that the American economy rallied strongly at the end of 2010 .
Since share ownership -LRB- including mutual funds -RRB- of American households totals approximately $ 17 trillion , a 15 % rise in share prices increased household wealth by about $ 2.5 trillion .
Although this change is driven by Chinese domestic considerations , it could have a significant impact on global capital flows and interest rates .
If Americans ' demand for housing picks up and businesses want to increase their investment , a clash between China 's lower saving rate and a continued high fiscal deficit in the US could drive up global interest rates significantly .
A country with a flexible currency can achieve that by allowing the exchange rate to depreciate .
In that case , wages in the rest of the eurozone can rise by 4 % a year .
But if productivity in Greece rises at just 1 % , Greek wages can increase at only 3 % .
Ever since the Greek crisis began , the country has shown that it can not solve its problems as the IMF and the European Commission had hoped .
A temporary leave of absence from the eurozone would allow Greece to achieve a price-level decline relative to other eurozone countries , and would make it easier to adjust the relative price level if Greek wages can not be limited .
CAMBRIDGE -- The American economy has recently slowed dramatically , and the probability of another economic downturn increases with each new round of data .
This creates a strong incentive to default , because mortgages in the US are effectively non-recourse loans : the creditor may take the property if the borrower does n't pay , but can not take other assets or a portion of wage income .
The Chinese can reasonably worry about that after seeing the dollar fall 10 % relative to the euro in the past year -- and substantially more against other currencies .
But China can not reduce the volume of such bonds while it is running a large current-account surplus .
Reducing the cost of imports is significant because China imports a wide range of consumer goods , equipment , and raw materials .
Looking back on the past year , the 6 % rise in the renminbi-dollar exchange rate might understate the increase in the relative cost of Chinese goods to American buyers because of differences in domestic inflation rates .
Although this is how governments calculate real exchange-rate changes , it no doubt overstates the relative change in the prices of the goods that Americans buy from China , because much of China 's inflation was caused by rising prices for housing , local vegetables , and other non-tradables .
America 's Problems Run Deeper than Wall Street CAMBRIDGE -- With less than two months remaining before America 's presidential election , much attention is focused on the state of the American economy and the challenges that it will present to the next president .
Indeed , the financial crisis has worsened in recent weeks , reflected in the US Federal Reserve 's takeover of quasi-government mortgage lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac -- which may cost American taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars -- as well as the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers and the sale of Merrill Lynch .
Negative equity is significant because mortgages in the United States are generally `` no recourse '' loans . If a homeowner defaults , creditors can take the house , but they can not take other property or income to make up any unpaid balance .
We can not be sure about how much further house prices will fall .
Many homeowners who can afford to make their mortgage payments will choose to default , move to rental housing , and wait to purchase until house prices have declined further .
Until house prices stabilize , these securities can not be valued with any confidence .
And that means that the financial institutions that own them can not have confidence in the liquidity or solvency of potential counterparties -- or even in the value of their own capital .
If Greece leaves the euro after it defaults , it can devalue its new currency , thereby stimulating demand and shifting eventually to a trade surplus .
So European politicians hope that by showing that even Greece can avoid default , private markets will gain enough confidence in the viability of Italy and Spain to continue lending to their governments at reasonable rates and financing their banks .
Two years could allow markets to see whether Spain 's banks can handle the decline of local real-estate prices , or whether mortgage defaults will lead to widespread bank failures , requiring the Spanish government to finance large deposit guarantees .
Likewise , two years could provide time for Italy to demonstrate whether it can achieve a balanced budget .
So , in two years , we can expect a debate about whether budget balance has then been achieved on a cyclically adjusted basis .
If Spain and Italy do look sound enough at the end of two years , European political leaders can allow Greece to default without fear of dangerous contagion .
CAMBRIDGE -- The United States appears trapped in a dangerous economic stalemate . The refusal by both Republicans and Democrats to give ground on the budget is preventing the government from dealing with its massive fiscal deficit and rapidly rising national debt .
But President Barack Obama and the congressional Democrats oppose any reduction in future entitlement programs , while the Republican presidential candidates and their party 's congressional delegation oppose any increase in tax revenues .
Republicans argue that the national debt 's growth should be limited only by cutting government spending .
Republicans generally reject this form of spending reduction , because it results in additional tax revenue .
But the Republicans ' opposition to anything that raises revenue means that this key to breaking the budget stalemate wo n't be implemented .
The Republicans , in effect , face the voters with a sign that says , `` We wo n't raise your taxes , but the Democrats will . ''
The Democrats ' sign , by contrast , says , `` We wo n't reduce your pension or health benefits , but the Republicans will . ''
At that point , both Republicans and Democrats will be able to accept reforms that they must reject now .
Reducing tax expenditures while lowering marginal tax rates can produce substantial revenue by increasing the level of taxable income .
If a country sees its banks failing because its national bank can not lend them enough , it may chose to leave the EMU so that its central bank can provide whatever amount of local currency it deems necessary .
When an economy is closer to full employment , government borrowing to finance budget deficits can crowd out private investment that would raise productivity and the standard of living .
The 40 % decline in the US stock market and the dramatic fall in house prices have reduced American households ' wealth by more than $ 10 trillion , which is likely to reduce annual consumer spending by more than $ 400 billion .
The Black Hole in America 's GDP CAMBRIDGE -- The massive downturn in American 's economy will last longer and be more damaging than previous recessions , because it is driven by an unprecedented loss of household wealth .
To be sure , an improvement in the currently dysfunctional financial system will allow banks and other financial institutions to start lending to borrowers who want to spend but can not get credit today .
But the more significant strategy is to alter government policies in ways that will lead to higher spending by Chinese consumers , and that raise the level of those government outlays , like health care , which directly benefit Chinese households .
The government can directly affect wage levels in these firms , thereby altering the general wage level in the economy .
While the very modest extent of current deflation does not create a significant problem , if it continues , the price level could conceivably fall by a cumulative 10 % over the next few years .
This is exacerbated by the fact that borrowers can deduct only nominal interest payments when calculating their taxable income .
Because the US Federal Reserve and other central banks have driven their short-term interest rates close to zero , they can not lower rates further in order to prevent deflation from raising the real rate of interest .
The resulting unusual economic environment of falling prices and wages can also have a damaging psychological impact on households and businesses .
If the central bank can not lower interest rates further to stimulate the economy , what will stop a potential downward spiral of prices ?
The defeat of the military revolt was the first time that the republican authority of Paris had been asserted over the pieds noirs who had helped to bring down the Fourth Republic .
With the rise of the Tea Party , Republicans may rail against raising the debt ceiling , but they are likely to back down in the end , because , among other things , debt-funded wars -- say , in Afghanistan and Iraq -- are easier to defend than pay-as-you-go wars that voters must finance up front with taxes .
Common warriors were , explicitly and famously , the decision makers among Norsemen and in Swiss Alpine cantons in the early Middle Ages .
Indeed , the younger generation of Americans has greeted military action abroad with a yawn .
But eight in ten Americans think that terrorist attacks are unlikely , and many voters believe that involvement in Afghanistan and Iraq will increase rather than limit America 's vulnerability to terrorism .
More likely , Americans take these wars lying down because the costs are not experienced by the average citizen .
For one thing , technology-intensive warfare substitutes machines for soldiers , reducing the number of American casualties .
The old-style right , with its fascist ancestry , lingers on . But , as the failure of the Front National in France shows , it can not break through from posturing to power .
The old right can hardly compete ; but the establishment can hardly cope .
Branded as a racist , he replied , `` I like Moroccan boys : I sleep with them . ''
So the EU can never be safe from a rising right .
We must choose between a new coziness that includes demagogic populists , or a candor that defies them .
The US now incarcerates more people than any other country , largely as a result of soaring drug convictions , with a disproportionate number of African-American and Hispanic prisoners .
The Swiss Federal Office of Public Health also oversaw an experiment in prescribing heroin to people who had lived with opiate dependency for significant periods .
The Swiss government 's careful evaluation of this approach demonstrated that heroin-assisted therapy is both feasible and cost-effective , and that it can bring patients significant health improvements . Moreover , it contributed to a startling drop in drug-related crime .
In November 2008 , the Swiss rejected a proposal for Dutch-style decriminalization of cannabis .
Switzerland 's pragmatic approach to drug abuse has nonetheless yielded significant lessons that are applicable to the US , Russia , and the many other drug - and HIV\/AIDS-ravaged countries over which they wield significant influence .
Portugal 's decision in 2001 to decriminalize possession of illegal drugs led not only to more drug users in treatment -LRB- rather than in prison -RRB- , but also a significant decrease in the number of drug users newly infected with HIV .
To convey these and other significant lessons , and to advocate worldwide for effective harm-reduction policies -- and for broader public debate about more efficient and humane drug policies -- we and other world leaders have initiated the Global Commission on Drug Policy , which held its inaugural meeting in Geneva in January .
Relations with the EU have gained significant momentum .
From this perspective , every step that brings us closer to the EU is also a step towards resolving this so-called `` frozen conflict '' -- perhaps the only European secessionist conflict that can be solved through EU soft power alone .
There can no longer be any reasonable doubt that Iran 's ambition is to obtain nuclear weapons capability .
The Iranian regime 's analysis might prove a dangerous miscalculation , because it is likely to lead sooner rather than later to a `` hot '' confrontation that Iran simply can not win .
It is not enough for the Europeans to act while the Americans continue to look on as the diplomatic initiatives unfold , partaking in discussion only behind the scenes and ultimately letting the Europeans do what they will .
In this confrontation , international credibility and legitimacy will be the deciding factors , and ensuring them will require far-sighted and cool , calculated American leadership .
But such an initiative can succeed only if the American administration assumes leadership among the Western nations and sits down at the negotiating table with Iran .
These two apparently contradictory interests can be reconciled and translated into a common strategy by adopting a three-pronged approach based on efficient isolation , effective containment , and direct negotiations .
The UN simply can not solve Kosovo 's structural problems , namely the need to develop a viable economy and to begin engagement with the EU -- the most powerful motor for reform and economic development in the region .
And only a united EU can bring Russia on board for a harmonized policy towards the Balkans .
This means that the EU can not leave Serbia to its own devices , either .
But the price of the EU 's support can not be changed : the major war criminals Ratko Mladic and Radovan Karadzic must be delivered to the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia -LRB- ICTY -RRB- in The Hague .
A Security Council resolution last August mandated a 20,300-strong UN peacekeeping force to replace the small and overwhelmed African Union mission currently on the ground .
Although it would be best if these options were adopted by the UN Security Council , the EU itself can and must act to increase the costs to the Sudanese government of its continued obstruction of aid deliveries and its delaying tactics on deployment of international peacekeepers .
Still , German Chancellor Angela Merkel can be proud of what was achieved .
The political and economic significance of all the mid-sized European powers is waning , and they are shrinking relative to the US and the rising giants of Asia .
Only a strong Europe can provide the necessary counterweight .
Above all , the European Union and its member states can not allow Russia to recapture its imperial spheres of influence without severely damaging its own central interests .
If the US followed its national interests , it would withdraw from Iraq as soon as possible , because the war can no longer be won .
But the US can not withdraw without sending the entire region into chaos .
Indeed , US military withdrawal from Iraq can be accomplished without causing a major regional catastrophe only if America manages to establish such a minimum of regional stability .
This will require a regional consensus that only the US can bring about .
Only this can make a withdrawal of US troops from Iraq realistic in the foreseeable future .
Such decoupling can occur only if we do away with the illusion that pollution is cost-free .
We can no longer get away with subsidizing economic growth and standards of living at the expense of the global environment .
Switzerland and Australia surprisingly reached the elimination round , and the Asian and African teams disappointed somewhat , with only Ghana advancing .
This generational change is accelerated by a third development . At the top international level , soccer has become faster and more athletic , and the top teams can shrink space on the field more effectively .
Indeed , both men hope for political survival through a peace agreement : Olmert by means of new elections and Abbas by a referendum through which he can regain ascendancy over Hamas .
Yet a mechanism of this kind can only work if a third party -LRB- the US , the `` US plus , '' or the Middle East Quartet -RRB- is available to monitor the agreement .
America and Europe Deeply frustrated by the Bush administration 's policies , many people and governments in Europe hope for a fundamental change in American foreign policy after the upcoming presidential election .
But Bush neither invented American unilateralism nor triggered the transatlantic rift between the United States and Europe .
It will , of course , be important who wins the presidency : a candidate expected to continue Bush 's foreign policy or someone ready for a new beginning .
Another piece of bad -LRB- or good ? -RRB- news is that a more multilateral American policy will increase the pressure on Europeans to take on more responsibility for international crisis management and conflict resolution -- in Afghanistan , Iran , Iraq , the Middle East , Transcaucasia , and Russia , and with respect to Turkey 's future .
Objectively strong , subjectively infirm -- that is how the EU 's present condition can be described .
The current moment of American weakness coincides with a substantially changed international political environment , defined largely by the limits of US power , Europe 's ineffectiveness , and the emergence of new global giants like China and India .
The unilateral overstretching of American power offers a chance for a new beginning in US-European relations .
There is one certainty that Europeans can take home from the US election campaign even today : with a more multilaterally oriented US foreign policy , Europe wo n't be riding comfortably in the US world-political slipstream much longer .
Modernization à la Carte ? BERLIN &#45; &#45; Two centuries ago the American and French Revolutions brought forth the natural law concept of inalienable human rights .
In the medium term , modernity is indivisible : you can have all of it or none .
The deep technological and social changes unleashed by the forces of modernity create tensions that , in the end , can not be resolved without appropriate normative and institutional responses .
In handling nuclear risks , however , we can hardly get away with such childlike behavior .
But , while things are not developing as American neo-conservatives had intended , they are nevertheless developing .
Today , the old Middle East can still be found in Syria , Egypt , Yemen , Tunisia , Algeria , and Fatah-controlled Palestine .
Indeed , the war in Iraq has transformed the centuries-old Shi'a - Sunni conflict by infusing it with modern geopolitical significance and extending it to the entire region .
A Shi'a government in Baghdad , dominated by Iran , would , in the medium term , threaten Saudi Arabia 's territorial integrity -- a scenario that the Saudis can not , and will not , accept .
Whether Iraq can be held together despite the ethnic and religious confrontations that pit Kurds against Arabs and Sunnis against the Shi'a is one of the most pregnant questions for the new Middle East .
The forefront of this battle is , at the moment , not in the Middle East , but in Turkey ; nevertheless , the result is bound to have more general significance .
High Noon in the Middle East Jerusalem -- As a result of misguided American policy , the threat of another military confrontation hangs like a dark cloud over the Middle East .
The result has been the emergence of some surprising , if not bizarre , alliances : Iran , Syria , Hezbollah , Hamas , and the American-backed , Shia-dominated Iraq are facing Israel , Saudi Arabia , and most of the other Sunni Arab states , all of which feel existentially threatened by Iran 's ascendance .
· The Israeli wish list for US arms deliveries , discussed with the American president , focused mainly on the improvement of the attack capabilities and precision of the Israeli air force .
No matter what desperate rescue efforts will be undertaken , they can not hide the fact that the European Union has left the world stage as a serious foreign policy player for at least ten years -LRB- if not for much longer -RRB- .
Neither by cajoling nor by beating can a donkey be turned into a racehorse , unless one is secretly satisfied with the donkey .
The process of enlargement will either be delayed or stopped completely , because the EU can no longer admit new members on the basis of the `` Nice constitution . ''
These crucial questions can only be answered by the practical test of negotiations , this time with direct American participation .
Neither John McCain nor Barack Obama will take a softer stance than the current American administration on the question of Iran 's regional hegemony and its nuclear program .
The Ottomans , the British , decolonization , the Cold War , numerous American Presidents , and even more international mediators have come and gone , but the parameters of this conflict and the inability to find a solution never seem to change .
In Morocco , for instance , investment from the Arab oil countries has already significantly reduced Europe 's importance .
The inherent contradiction between a governance structure incapable of change and economic modernization , between cultural and religious conservatism and social and normative transformation , will therefore increase and bring about new , additional frictions if positive answers to these fundamental changes can not be found .
And Europe can help the Middle East -- its neighboring region -- achieve this strategic objective .
Whether the consequences of this development will be good or bad depends on whether the region can muster the foresight and strength actively to shape this process .
We have gained time and can take a deep breath -- no more and no less .
But the whole world economy -- from China to Germany -- benefited for decades from Americans ' debt-driven over-consumption .
Even a global depression can not be excluded in the face of this fundamental crisis .
Only the EU can protect the interests of all Europeans -- including those outside the euro zone and even outside the EU .
After all , if the crisis in financial markets continues and combines with a dramatic slump in the real economy , the EU could quickly be at risk if it can not respond politically .
As a result , the G-8 , which excludes the most important emerging-market countries , has lost its significance for good .
The West -- the United States and Europe -- are in relative decline , while the emerging Asian and Latin American powers will be among the winners .
The US has responded to the decline of its global strength in an impressive manner , with the election of its first African-American president , Barack Obama .
First , the election of a black president will put to rest the tragic legacy of slavery and the American Civil War .
From now on , the issues of skin color , eye shape , or gender will no longer play a deciding role for a candidate for high , or even the highest , office .
In particular , the transatlantic\/European focus of American foreign policy , which was previously a matter of course , will increasingly become a thing of the past .
The Northeastern Pacific powers -- China , Japan , and South Korea -- are already America 's most significant creditors by far , and their importance will increase further as a result of the financial crisis .
If Europeans can not get their heads around the fact that the nineteenth century is over , the global caravan will continue to move forward into the twenty-first century without them .
A strategic confrontation with Moscow , i.e. , a new kind of `` mini-Cold War , '' would undermine this agenda , or at least complicate its implementation significantly .
Due to its geopolitical position and its potential , however , Russia will remain a permanent strategic factor in Europe and Asia that can not be ignored .
The possible trade-off could be that the existing principles and institutions of the post-Soviet European order , including NATO , remain unchanged and are accepted and implemented by Russia , which would get a significantly enhanced role within NATO , including the perspective of full membership .
Europe in Reverse BERLIN -- The legendary American investor Warren Buffet once said , `` It 's when the tide goes out that you find out who has been swimming naked . ''
That particular piece of wisdom referred to the situation of companies in an economic crisis . But it can also be applied to countries and economies .
But there are significant differences and economic imbalances within the EU and the euro zone , reflected , for example , by increasingly divergent interest rates .
Transatlantic Drift BERLIN -- On the banks of the Rhine and in Prague , NATO and the European Union will pay homage to the new American president in early April .
Of course , at the end of the London summit , the assembled leaders will agree on a joint statement , because nobody can afford failure .
Obama has just been elected for four years , and his political fate depends on whether he can engineer an economic recovery .
Only a miracle can save him .
But Merkel will do whatever she can to avoid committing herself prematurely , and the London summit is much too early .
The world will be more Pacific and less transatlantic , and the new axis of global politics will be formed by the Sino-American tandem .
While a distraught world is still trying to fathom the consequences of this global crash and to mitigate its impact , the call of the next black swan can already be heard : the global climate disaster .
But , in fact , by linking the answers to the global climate and economic crises , we can find a way out of both .
But , while references to the Great Depression are justified , the lesson of that crisis , and of the New Deal , is that effective programs can at best cushion the fall and bring about stabilization .
The question of whether to use coal or nuclear power is simply no longer apposite : without a breakthrough in renewable energies , global energy demand can not be met , not to mention the dangers of a new Chernobyl .
Where this will lead the world can be seen even today : China already has the world 's most ambitious scheme for expanding nuclear energy , and every year it builds coal-fired power plants whose electricity output is roughly equivalent to the capacity of the entire British power grid !
Only the rich industrial nations of Europe , America , and Japan can afford to pay for the necessary investments in emerging countries .
Rather , 20 years after the fall of the Berlin wall , the reunited Germany is beginning to realize that it can also act alone .
It is a strategic illusion of the large member states that they can defend their own status without this stolid entity called Europe .
After all , can Germany really afford to let the EU 's enlargement into Eastern Europe fail ?
To ask these questions -- and many more -- is to answer them : only a strong , substantially more integrated EU can manage all this .
In fact , they can have powerful consequences .
Indeed , aside from matters of domestic policy and the issue of internal freedom , the choice between the major candidates hinges on the question of whether Iran should seek greater international integration .
Yet only a government of the Israeli right can end the expansion of the settlements , and only Hamas can stop the violence against Israel .
This may seem impossible from today 's perspective , but appearances can deceive .
Today 's flux in the Middle East is a highly ambivalent affair , because the situation can improve or -LRB- more likely -RRB- deteriorate .
Thirty years later , Obama 's offer would enable Iran not just to consolidate its independence through reconciliation with the United States , but also to live up to its increased significance within the region and in world politics .
Economically , Russia has turned into a commodity exporter , dependant on the imponderables of the global energy market , while simultaneously dreaming that it can use energy as a tool to revise the post-Soviet order in its neighborhood .
But if it turns toward the past in looking for its future , and if it believes it can dispense with investments in the future in favor of shameless personal self-enrichment , it will continue to lose ground .
All this can not be taken for granted in Eastern Europe .
Frustrated by Ukraine 's immobilism and corruption , Europe has turned away from the country -- a stance that could turn out to be a significant strategic mistake .
So the future of this big country is of great importance to Europe ; in view of its own interests , therefore , Europe can not afford an emotionally frustrated reaction .
Nevertheless , the European Union can neither allow Greece to slide into national bankruptcy nor hand it over to the International Monetary Fund , since other euro-zone members -- namely , Portugal , Spain , and Italy -- would probably be next in line to be attacked by the financial markets .
But , given a global economic environment that promises scant sustainable growth in the coming years , things could otherwise get very tough very soon .
Such criticism disregards two important differences : first , unlike China , Germany , as a member of the eurozone , can not undervalue its currency .
But , in view of the current situation , we can safely ignore these .
As the big economic and political winner of the eurozone , Germany , in particular , can not let a serious crisis of confidence threaten the European project , because nearly two-thirds of its exports go to the EU .
You can only shake your head at the decline in Germans ' historical awareness , given that neither Thatcher nor Bismarck has ever been a role model for Germany 's European policy , and for good reason ! Neither of them thought much , if anything , of European integration .
To what extent the EU can take this strain , only time will tell .
In view of the serious risks that Europe has assumed , in full awareness of the consequences , it is of the utmost importance that a European `` Grand Strategy '' for the Eastern Mediterranean and the Middle East be developed , so that Europe can calmly and clearly define its interests .
So , Obama 's policy towards Iran will prove to be a test of whether the US , as a world power , can defend its interests more successfully by returning to diplomacy and multilateralism , thereby dissociating itself from the belligerent unilateralism of the previous Bush administration .
Another significant factor is regional rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran over hegemony in the Persian Gulf .
The US under George W. Bush successfully destabilized Iraq and increased Iran 's influence there , and the question of whether and how Iraq can maintain its stability without US military presence remains open .
As for the Middle East conflict , the conflicting interests of Binyamin Netanyahu 's administration and the American government are becoming clear .
Without the support of China and India , America 's Middle East policy can no longer succeed , but this support is only granted half-heartedly -- if at all .
A success for American policy in this region holds very limited interest in Beijing and New Delhi , and Europe is neither willing nor able to contribute substantial support .
But we need to ask ourselves where and how the energies unleashed by this crisis will be discharged , because there can be no doubt that they will be discharged one way or another .
Europe 's security in the twenty-first century will be determined to a significant degree in its neighborhood in the southeast -- exactly where Turkey is crucial for Europe 's security interests now and , increasingly , in the future .
Turkey 's `` no '' to new sanctions against Iran in all likelihood will prove to be a significant error , unless Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an can deliver a real turnaround in Iran 's nuclear policy .
The West , as well as Israel and Turkey themselves , most certainly can not afford a permanent rupture between the two states , unless the desired outcome is for the region to continue on its path to lasting destabilization .
China as a Superpower YALTA -- Given its rapid and successful development , there can be no doubt that the People 's Republic of China will become one of the dominant global powers of the twenty-first century .
One can not shake the impression that the European soul of this government is devoured by angst .
The more the EU is forced by Germany to become a union rooted in `` stability , '' the more pressing it will become for eurozone countries that can not conform to the new , stricter rules to receive some sort of financial compensation .
It is , after all , unrealistic to assume that all members can profit to the same extent from this hard-line approach ; that is not achievable even among the 16 federal German states .
At home , though , Merkel fears this debate like no other -- a debate that the financial markets and the crisis in many European countries will ensure can not be avoided .
But the fundamental change of strategy within Germany 's European policy can no longer be overlooked .
The belief that stability can be achieved with technocratic rules , regulations , and sanctioning mechanisms alone in a eurozone whose economies are diverging will prove to be misguided .
How can these far-reaching aims be achieved within the eurozone -LRB- together with non-eurozone EU members that want to join in -RRB- ?
What the eurozone needs now is n't a repetition of Maastricht , but a kind of Schmidt\/Giscard 2.0 . This kind of initiative requires the support of Germany and France , because the crisis can not be resolved without them .
Moreover , the country 's strategic situation is deteriorating with each passing year , because the global redistribution of power and influence from the West to the East can only weaken Israel 's position .
Israel can not afford a second Gaza in the West Bank and East Jerusalem ; for the Palestinians , a state with an ongoing Israeli military presence would be worthless .
Perhaps Obama 's central error was that an important but minor matter -- stopping new settlements -- was given central significance .
Whatever mistakes Europe may have made vis-à-vis the region 's authoritarian regimes in the past , it can now correct them by providing decisive help .
Tunisia 's revolution is a unique historical opportunity , and the EU 's stake in the outcome can hardly be overestimated .
Also , can China really permit strong sanctions against its neighbor , a regime fighting for survival , one equipped with nuclear arms and missiles , and a humanitarian disaster of the highest order among its population ?
Just how credible and effective can sanctions be ?
A number of small and mid-sized powers will now ask themselves a radically new question : if North Korea can be a nuclear power , why not us ?
If in these times of militarily-accomplished regime change real sovereignty can only be guaranteed by nuclear arms , why not go this route ?
Moreover , only new strides towards disarmament by the big nuclear powers , and a guarantee of access to technology and know-how under international control , can stop the trend toward `` nuclear sovereignty . ''
Iraq is a disaster , and nothing indicates that the situation can be turned around .
Iran , Syria , and Saudi Arabia are all candidates , with the latter probably posing the most difficulties .
Indeed , one historical irony is that it was n't American hard power -- as applied , for example , in the Iraq war -- that furthered this democratic revolution , but rather its soft power -- Twitter and Facebook -- which was much maligned under George W. Bush and his neocon advisers .
The West can no longer continue with Realpolitik as usual .
There can be no return to the status quo ante .
All I can say is that I feel ashamed for this failure of the German government and -- unfortunately -- also for the leaders of the red and green opposition parties who at first applauded this scandalous mistake !
But , given the alternative -- a bloodbath unleashed by Qaddafi to reestablish his control over Libya -- this can not be a serious alternative to action .
The collateral damage for EU foreign policy is also significant .
Of all countries , Germany -- which can almost be termed the inventor of the European Common Foreign and Security Policy -- has now dealt that policy its most dangerous blow thus far .
Unfortunately , you can forget about that .
What , then , will a future risk assessment look like if significantly less organized and developed countries begin -- with the active assistance of the nuclear powers -- to acquire civilian nuclear-energy capabilities ?
States can go bust just like companies , but , unlike companies , they do n't disappear when that happens .
Insolvent states need help with restructuring , both in the financial sector and well beyond it , so that they can work their way out of crisis .
Germany and France , the two crucial players in this crisis , will have to devise a joint strategy , because only they , working together , can push through a solution .
Under the umbrella of the enlarged EU , the old dividing lines between a German\/French-led European Economic Community and a British\/Scandinavian-led European Free Trade Association re-emerge .
This historic step can not be taken through the bureaucratic backdoor , but only in the bright light of democratic politics .
A viable Israeli answer to the dramatic changes in the region -- and to their already foreseeable consequences -- can only take the form of a serious offer of negotiations to Mahmoud Abbas 's Palestinian government , with the objective of signing a comprehensive peace treaty .
Security questions must be taken seriously , but they carry less and less weight , because a sufficiently long period can be left between the treaty 's conclusion and its full implementation to resolve them by mutual agreement .
But this foundation of rules turned out to be an illusion : principles always need the support of power ; otherwise they can not stand the test of reality .
The eurozone needs a government , which , as things stand at the moment , can consist only of the respective heads of state and government -- a development that has already started .
And , because there can be no fiscal union without a common budget policy , nothing can be decided without the national parliaments .
The most the US can hope at this point is a withdrawal that saves face .
Behind the all-too-foreseeable end of the American stabilizing mission lurks a civil war in Iraq , which threatens to turn into an Arab-Iranian proxy war for dominance in Iraq , the Gulf , Lebanon , the Palestinian territories , and beyond .
We can count ourselves lucky if the emerging chaos can be contained in Iraq .
Washington 's realization that Iraq can no longer be won or even stabilized unless the regional framework changes , has come late -- perhaps too late .
The time of American unilateralism is objectively over .
Without a fundamental turnaround in American political consciousness , the unilateralist amnesia of US foreign policy will have far-reaching consequences and leave a huge vacuum in the global system .
The existing world order -- created by the US itself -- was first devalued in American eyes , then weakened , and finally consciously attacked .
Thus , the current debate in the US about the consequences of defeat in Iraq still falls short -- because , despite all the critiques of American policy , that debate is still premised on the unilateral use of American power . This applies to the views of the Democratic opposition as well as to the Baker-Hamilton report .
The Middle East , North Korea , Darfur , Central and East Africa , the Caucasus -- in none of these places can the US still act successfully on its own .
None of these problems can be resolved or even contained unilaterally .
Only one power can rob the US of its unique position : America itself .
The question today is whether the current crisis of American consciousness marks the beginning of America 's decline or , let us hope , the beginning of a return to multilateralism .
The alternative to American leadership is a vacuum and increasing chaos .
Ostensibly , President Bush has embarked on a new political and military strategy for the war-torn Iraq . Bush 's new course can be summarized under three headings : more American troops , more Iraqi responsibility , and more US training for more Iraqi troops .
Here , unexpected and genuinely new decisions have been announced : an additional US aircraft carrier group will be moved to the Persian Gulf ; Patriot anti-aircraft missiles will be stationed in the Gulf states ; and the additional 21,000 soldiers far exceed what the American generals had asked for to deal with Iraq .
Bush accuses Syria and Iran of interfering in Iraq , threatening its territorial integrity and endangering American troops , and , more generally , of seeking to undermine America 's allies in the region .
If the threat of force -- a force that the US is quite obviously building -- aims at preparing the ground for serious negotiations with Iran , there can and should be no objection .
If , on the other hand , it represents an attempt to prepare the American public for a war against Iran , and a genuine intention to unleash such a war when the opportunity arises , the outcome would be an unmitigated disaster .
But this presupposes American willingness to return to diplomacy and talking to all the parties involved .
Following the launch of the new American policy , the old question of whether politics can learn from history will be answered again in the Middle East .
But , with the right programs , we can produce enough food for everyone .
Indeed , by taking the right actions now , we can eradicate starvation .
This can be achieved through a program for subsistence farmers that not only improves productivity , but also reduces weather dependency and provides simple financing instruments to encourage investment in new technologies and equipment , increased land ownership , and easier access to local markets .
But it 's a program that can be achieved only if international organizations like the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization -LRB- FAO -RRB- work hand-in-hand with national governments and with private donors and partners .
Geographical initiatives , like the European Development Fund -LRB- EDF -RRB- , support implementation of agricultural policies in the African , Caribbean , and Pacific countries -LRB- the Development Cooperation Instrument provides similar support in Latin America , Asia , and South Africa -RRB- .
Such programs already add up to significant spending -- the current EDF , which runs from 2007-2013 , has set aside more than ¤ 1 billion to support agriculture , rural development , and food security in Africa alone .
How much worse can things get before the EU abandons its counter-productive policy ?
The idea that Europe can seduce the occupier into giving it a role in ending the occupation seems wrong-headed .
This is partly why Israel prefers the United States as sole mediator , and it is also why Israel 's acceptance of a monopoly role for the US evaporates as soon as any American president starts developing views different from its own .
States are not given roles ; they acquire them by the power assets they can deploy .
And Europe can not deploy the type of power needed to tilt the balance in Arab-Israeli peacemaking .
But Europe can do other things .
They are right ; an occupation can not be sustained without the systematic violation of human rights .
This can be done if Europe supports investigations of suspected war crimes and other violations of international humanitarian law committed by the IDF , as well as the establishment of international tribunals when such crimes occur .
Only the US can bring Israelis and Palestinians to a new negotiation process , much less draft a blueprint for a political solution .
Europe and others can support such a process , but mainly by affecting the internal political calculus in Israel .
The fact that many Western economies got out of recession last year should not fool us into thinking that the crisis was only a brief interlude , and that the post-crisis world can return to the pre-crisis status quo .
Governments really have no choice : they must take responsibility and exercise power , even if it requires swimming against the tide of public opinion -- and especially if it can help alleviate the social suffering brought on by the crisis .
After all , export-led growth policies can succeed only if other countries are willing to run deficits .
Phelps was also responsible for the `` island parable , '' which helped explain why monetary policy can have temporary real effects as a result of imperfect information .
Phelps 's new theory provides a logical backdrop against which we can assess the consequences of fluctuations in share prices , exchange rates , and , more generally , the value of physical assets and human capital under the powerful influence of new technologies and innovation .
Indeed , we can expect his new theoretical framework to become a reference point in a decade or two .
Both of the major candidates for the French presidency , Ségolène Royal and Nicholas Sarkozy , have called for the creation of an economic government for the euro zone .
We now live in a similar moment of uncertainty and danger , and this time , too , there is a project , both economic and political , that can unite the Union : energy independence , a key factor in national sovereignty .
To be sure , governments can not escape their responsibilities to their citizens , and only the most naïve technocrat believes that the market alone can ensure energy independence .
It is a mistake to believe that ecological concerns can be addressed only through negative growth .
The ecological disasters that today 's economic activity has already produced and the catastrophic potential of those to come have at last brought home the fact that energy policy and environmental protection can not be separated .
As a matter of fact , a case can be made that the French will never come to believe that the state lacks power , globalization or no globalization .
Besides , the nomination of a woman with a North-African ascent as minister of Justice made that clear from the start .
Nowadays , we are often told that there are only two ways for people to integrate into a society : the `` British '' model of cultural pluralism , and the `` French '' model , based on acceptance of Republican values and , above all , the concept of equality .
Republicanism grants each individual , regardless of his or her other identities equal rights in order to achieve universal equality .
But you can not dress up failure in the clothes of success .
To reverse the trend , French republicanism must , like English multiculturalism , contradict itself in order to fulfil itself .
But there is an obvious paradox here , because how can an excess of liquidity result ultimately in a shortage of liquidity that has to be made up by central banks ?
In fact , monetary laxity can be a symptom not of excess liquidity , but of excess saving .
When central bankers can not avoid a crisis -- or when they contribute to create one -- their fundamental mission is to do everything in their power to contain its impact .
Second , with rare exceptions , there is no international police force that can assist a defending nation .
Canadians punish racial insults , but Americans do not , at least if the issue is simply one of protecting the dignity of racial minorities .
Domestic police may be able to intervene to prevent crime before it occurs , but in the international arena there is no police force that can do that .
In September 2005 , the United Nations Security Council passed Resolution 1624 -- paradoxically , with American approval -- calling upon all member states to enact criminal sanctions against those who incite terrorism .
Americans have traditionally said that , absent a risk of immediate unlawful violence , this form of speech should be protected under the First Amendment .
Take the American and German postwar experiences .
So , one requirement of treason , virtually everywhere , is that only citizens and permanent residents of a country can commit treason .
But as a matter of definition , if you have no duty of loyalty to a foreign country , then you can not commit treason against it .
The Americans who signed the Declaration of Independence , as British citizens , were all guilty of treason for levying war against King George III .
Still , language of such breadth could accommodate virtually any action sympathetic to a foreign power , yet Americans are reluctant to invoke their catch-all criminal charge .
Yet Americans seem reluctant to brand him a traitor .
When Anatoly Shcharansky allegedly gave sensitive material to an American journalist , he was convicted of treason .
Anyone - foreigners as well as Germans - can commit Hochverrat -LRB- high treason -RRB- by using force or the threat of force to undermine the Basic Law , the German constitution .
Even though the label of treason is used , the offense now resembles the American concept of sedition and seeks to prevent a violent overthrow of the government .
From the English King , to the American republic , to the Russian motherland , to the German constitution , the object of required loyalty is constantly changing .
Yet many Americans think that much of Europe 's critique of Israeli policies expresses a zeal that can not be explained simply by Europeans ' renunciation of their own colonial past and thus their sensitivity to an Israeli occupation that looks like annexation .
The Catholic Church has abandoned its anti-Jewish teachings , but this does not that mean that the culture engendered by Christianity can easily redefine its premises .
Impending aggression can not be documented in secret dossiers but only by events that can be filmed by CNN .
The aggressor must do something that all can see as a dangerous threat by , for example , aiming a guided missile at a country and threatening to use it .
The UN repeatedly passes resolutions against terrorism , but can not agree on how to define the term .
Then we can define terrorism with reference to all these variables , but without making any one of them decisive .
No American would be happy about branding the Boston Tea Party an act of terrorist aggression against British property . Nor would any Frenchman accept a description of the maquisards of the French Resistance as terrorists .
Terrorists are organized , and the group can continue even after the individual is caught .
The same can be said of terrorism .
Complex definitions with built-in exceptions may make lawyers uncomfortable , but in the real world , they are perhaps the best we can devise .
But most of them are interrelated , and it is unlikely that the ICJ can resolve them when they are truncated into technical arguments about where a defensive wall can or can not go .
Although the world expects a negative decision , Israel can in fact muster a sound legal case .
As the Jordanians put it in their written submission , `` no right of self-defense ... can be invoked in order to defend that which is itself unlawful . ''
Does that mean that the settlers are sitting ducks who can be attacked with impunity and have no right to defend themselves ?
Further , even if the conduct of Israeli officials is judged to be illegal , and even if some settlers are willing tools of Israeli policy , civilian settlers can not lose their right of self-defense -- certainly not against terrorists who are violating international law by targeting innocent people both inside of Israel and in the occupied territories .
Only negotiations , not legal bickering , can put an end to this iniquity .
In the Abu Ghraib scandal , the army and the Bush administration have hardly been good teachers , and the public and the media have also been complicit .
How , then , can the collectively guilty bring charges and single out some suspects as individually guilty ?
Many have read and seen enough to feel acute shame about being part of a nation that could go to war with righteous ideas and end up replicating , if not aggravating , the abuses of the `` rogue state '' Americans called their enemy .
Neither the vast majority of US soldiers nor Americans as individuals have done anything wrong in Iraq -LRB- apart from the invasion itself -RRB- , and thus might balk at allegations of collective guilt for the atrocities .
Though US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld proposed compensation to the victims of abuse at American military hands , it is hard to see this offer as expressing either guilt or shame .
If compensation were coupled with a finding of high-level American wrongdoing , we would get closer to an act of atonement .
It is not clear what this would accomplish in light of the Secretary 's declaration that he would resign not as an expression of guilt but only if he can no longer be `` effective . ''
Under these circumstances , one can see why people yearn for international criminal prosecutions of responsible politicians .
Even if the UN Security Council could establish an ad hoc tribunal to try the abuses of American officials in Iraq , this would still address only the guilt of individuals , not the problem of each American 's own responsibility for having participated , directly and indirectly , in a culture that generated the torture of prisoners .
Americans have few choices but to discover a form of modesty appropriate to the country 's reduced status in the eyes of the world .
The longer-range consequence of this new modesty should be for Americans to become enthusiastic supporters not only of the UN but of the International Criminal Court .
American shame would be salutary if it led Americans to realize that they live in an interdependent world where nations can not undertake unilateral military adventures without suffering unexpected disasters .
Bush and the American people sought glory in Iraq .
What Americans have secured is merely a lasting stain on their reputation as decent and law-abiding people .
The Beginning of the End for Guantánamo The `` war on terror '' has forced democracies to grapple with the extent to which they can afford to protect the civil rights and liberties of both their citizens and foreigners .
The debate has been most intense in the United States , where the refrain that the Constitution is not a `` suicide pact '' and that national security can justify extraordinary measures is heard repeatedly .
But this unusual procedure , permitted in the military commissions , runs afoul of accepted canons of federal , Constitutional , and international law .
The federal court ruled that under the Geneva Conventions , Hamdan , as a prisoner of war , was entitled to a court hearing that followed the same procedures as one judging soldiers of the detaining power , that is , an American court martial .
Everyone agrees that , under US law , the jurisdiction of military tribunals is limited to violations of the laws of war , so if conspiracy can not be charged , Hamdan and others like him can not be tried in any military courts , not just the ad hoc commissions .
But conspiracy , as a stand-alone offense , is particular to Anglo-American common law .
It does not want to prosecute the Guantánamo detainees in federal courts , but it is unlikely that it can prosecute them under the law of war as interpreted in the Hamdan decision .
True , freewheeling American-style capitalism has not acquitted itself proudly of late . And America 's military superiority has not proved all that useful in accomplishing American ends .
Things can certainly get grim . But that is not the whole story .
The new Obama administration will have only a few months to develop meaningful proposals that can win domestic support , and will be preoccupied with the aftermath of the current financial debacle and the Iraq war .
Indeed , there are many ways to put matters on the global agenda , as shown by Bono 's campaigns on African development and Al Gore 's on climate change .
Whether countries abide by agreements has far more to do with international processes of persuasion , socialization , and capacity-building -- and those can be done by anyone with a good argument .
If there is to be real progress toward more effective and efficient global governance that can address the unprecedented challenges posed by climate change and the rest of the global agenda , we must do much more than look for an easy replacement for American hegemony .
Countries sitting on their own nuclear arsenals seem to think that they can give Iran orders ; it 's a case of `` do as I say , not as I do . ''
But Iran , too , harbors illusions , including the notion that it can count on support from non-Western countries , or at least from some sort of Islamic caucus .
Iran has also believed that it could split France , and perhaps Germany , away from the United States -- as if either country would risk infuriating the Americans for the sake of a leader like Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Above all , Iran deludes itself that it can develop an advanced nuclear program by itself .
That said , Iran must still bring all of these programs together , and that can not happen undetected .
No one can say for sure that Iran 's regime has formally adopted a nuclear weapons program .
We can not know whether this course of action is realistic unless we try it .
Furthermore , you can not find out how similar vehicles have performed , because there are none .
Moreover , hedge fund managers can easily `` fake '' high performance without getting caught .
To see how high performance can be faked , consider a fairly rare event , such as the S&P 500 falling by more than 20 % in the coming year .
But investors do not know -- and can not tell -- that Oz has no talent .
Moreover , the outcome for investors is the same even if managers are honest and merely think that they can beat the market .
If the fund blows up , investors can not tell whether it was due to bad management or just bad luck .
Fraud is difficult to prove , because managers can always say that they thought the odds were better than were .
Yet steps to protect investors can be taken .
In case of a worldwide economic event , such as the recent crisis , this can mean pulling out of foreign markets when they are most vulnerable .
SWFs like to portray themselves as independent institutions , yet it is clear that , once domestic economies falter , they can not ignore the combined pressures of the media , public , and politicians at home , all of whom question the wisdom of investing domestic wealth abroad in times of crisis .
Yet , this trend can not last forever , as many of the economies hosting SWFs simply do not offer sufficient attractive investment opportunities to absorb the bulk of SWF investments .
As a result , no domestic retreat by SWFs can be expected to persist .
`` But you have n't done the experiments , '' the students complained , `` so how can you know ? ''
Like Rashevsky , he had been steeped in mathematical and physical scientists ' belief that an imaginary construction making no pretense to literal truth can nonetheless capture the `` features of greatest importance '' and hence serve a useful explanatory function .
The Korean study paid no attention to the bias that haunts all epidemiological studies , which always overestimate pathology rates by including as disorder even very mild presentations that do not have clinical significance .
The American model lost its attractiveness in the 2000 's .
The results in both cases have been a political history devoid of coups , and financial savings that can be used for education , investment , and other good things .
A panoply of innovations has helped Chile to outperform its South American neighbors .
? Two panels of technical experts are the ones to judge trends in copper prices and output , respectively , insulated from the political processes that can otherwise succumb to wishful thinking .
Perhaps its Labor Party should be given credit for pioneering the principle that center-left governments can sometimes achieve economic liberalization better than their center-right opponents .
Second , and perhaps more importantly , the Mexicans implemented the methodological idea of conducting controlled experiments to find out which policies work and which do n't work in developing countries -LRB- which has fed into the exciting Randomized Control Trials movement in the field of development economics -RRB- .
In highlighting some very specific institutions that could be usefully adopted elsewhere , I do not mean to suggest that they can be effortlessly translated from one national context to another .
Currently , however , the advanced countries are in danger of repeating the mistake that US President Franklin Roosevelt made in 1937 , when he cut spending prematurely and sent the American economy back into recession .
It takes liquidity to make a market successful , and it can be difficult to get a new one started until it achieves a certain critical mass .
This pooling function would be particularly important in cases where there are different grades or varieties of the product -LRB- as with oil or coffee -RRB- , and where prices can diverge enough to make an important difference to the exporters .
A West African country with newly discovered oil reserves needs to finance exploration , drilling , and pipeline construction , which means that it needs to hedge at a time horizon of 10-20 years , not 90 days .
If the international financial wizards can get together and act on this idea now , commodity exporters might be able to avoid calamity the next time the world price of their product takes a plunge .
Because the exchange rate influences an economy 's competitiveness , the euro 's depreciation benefited EU exports and exporters -- t the expense of their American counterparts .
American politicians who fret about America 's mounting current account deficit should also have shown concern .
Yet , barring particular sectors like steel , most American politicians and bosses bit their tongues about the dollar 's strength and few , if any , have jumped for joy at its recent decline .
But there is an iron clad requirement for coordination to be genuinely effective : both central banks must see prevailing exchange rates as being in conflict with their domestic policy objectives and share the view that intervention can have a sustainable impact on the exchange rate .
On the contrary , the outcome represents a significant victory for the Tea Party 's minions , whose purpose seems to be to reduce government obligations and expenditures to a bare minimum -LRB- some object even to having a central bank -RRB- , and to maintain President George W. Bush 's outrageous tax breaks for the wealthy .
But such approaches are anathema to the US Republican Party , and to its Tea Party faction in particular , and they might unnerve the many Asians who are nervous at China 's growing military might .
Americans need to get their economic house in order before China loses its incentive to support the dollar .
American objectives could not be achieved in Vietnam . The outcome in Iraq will not be determined until the last American troops have been withdrawn .
In Afghanistan , where withdrawal dates have already been set , it is difficult to believe that a cohesive unified state can be established .
Only if the trans-Atlantic partnership proves effective , as it did to meet the demands of the Cold War and the end of Europe 's division , can the West contribute to realizing the hopes engendered by the Arab uprisings .
We Europeans can not afford to turn our backs on our Arab friends along the far shores of `` mare nostrum . ''
They are part of our collective history , and they deserve the better future that we can help them to build .
The Joint Statement , while clinically welcoming the agreement , states that both parties `` thereby turn their focus to the future of their bilateral relationship , '' underscoring `` the benefits an expansion of ties would provide for both countries as well as for the American and Libyan peoples . ''
A bulwark of secular government and anti-fundamentalism in a North Africa that is struggling to contain the spread of Islamic extremism , Libya is of strategic importance to Europe and the US beyond its oil riches , notwithstanding the overwhelming significance of its energy resources .
Designated nominators rarely provided committees with a clear consensus , and the committees often ignored the rare mandates when a single strongly nominated candidate did appear , such as Albert Einstein for his work on relativity theory .
Moreover , a simple change in the composition of the committee could decide a candidate 's fate .
Committee members occasionally confessed privately that often several candidates could be found who equally deserved a prize .
Even scientists who frowned upon the Swedish committees ' limitations and sometimes odd choices nevertheless still nominated and lobbied for candidates , knowing that if successful , a winner can draw attention and money to a research specialty , institution , or national scientific community .
Perhaps once the mystery of the Nobel Prize is reduced , we might reflect on what is truly significant in science .
Only three European universities -- Oxford , Cambridge , and Imperial College in London -- made it into the top ten in the most recent list ; all the rest were American .
There are twice as many Europeans studying in the US as there are Americans studying in Europe .
Such ambitious goals , however unrealistic , can have a disciplining effect , leading some EU countries to increase their spending , while the EU itself has launched a number of promising schemes .
Although the core financial burden will be on the member states , the EU level can make an important contribution .
As the former Financial Times editor Richard Lambert , together with Nick Butler , commented in a report published by London 's Centre for European Reform entitled The future of European universities : Renaissance or decay ? , EU governments are stuck in a vicious circle : `` The universities will get no more money unless they reform , and they can not reform without more money '' .
The University of Copenhagen 's mergers with the Royal Veterinary and Agricultural University and the Danish University of Pharmaceutical Sciences have made it the largest university in Scandinavia .
We now aspire to becoming the most significant health and life science research center in Europe , owing to a remarkable cluster of knowledge based 5,000 researchers , an excellent medical school , 11 university hospitals , and a thriving biotech business environment that already includes market leaders in diabetes and neuroscience .
Treatment with drugs , particularly those that target the neurotransmitter dopamine , can reduce the symptoms , but the mechanism of this effect is unknown and unfortunate side effects can and do occur .
The challenge for the neuropsychologist is to show how a disorder in the brain can lead to these bizarre experiences .
Normally , we have no trouble recognizing whether sensations are caused by our own actions , because those that are can be predicted .
Based on the motor commands that we send to our muscles , we can predict precisely the sensations that the action will cause .
The same phenomenon can be observed in the brain using functional magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- FMRI -RRB- .
But there is far less brain activity when the person being scanned strokes her own palm .
This hypothesis can be tested experimentally .
But we can measure the strength of the connections between brain regions , and the strength of these connections seems to be reduced in patients with schizophrenia .
But at least we now have a promising framework for understanding how bizarre experiences in the mind can be linked to abnormal processes in the brain .
In contrast , `` behavioral economists '' acknowledge that currencies can depart from parity for a protracted period , but argue that this results not from traders ' attempts to interpret movements in macroeconomic fundamentals , but from market psychology and irrational trading .
Moreover , relating the riskiness of holding an open position in a currency market to the exchange rate 's divergence from parity levels suggests a novel way to think about how central banks can influence the market to limit departures from parity .
But currency swings , if too wide and protracted , can impede real economic activity , which is why intervention is sometimes necessary .
This approach implies that more can be done to reduce systemic risk , beyond reforming how risk is measured and capital buffers determined .
IKE acknowledges that , within a reasonable range , the market does a far better -LRB- though not perfect -RRB- job in setting prices than regulators can .
But it also recognizes that price swings can become excessive , in the sense that participants may bid asset prices far from levels that are consistent with their long-term values .
Today 's global crisis shows that we can no longer afford to ignore this vital factor .
Ten years ago , Samuel Huntington argued that the fault lines of world politics in the post-Cold War era are mainly cultural - a `` clash of civilizations '' defined by five or six major cultural zones that can sometimes co-exist but will never converge , because they lack shared values .
In many traditional societies , where life choices and opportunities are limited , the Western , individualistic view of rights is very jarring . This is because the Western conception can not be abstracted from the larger process of modernization .
For our commitment to the universality of human rights forms but one part of the complex context of a universal civilization , from which an understanding of the other elements of modern societies - economic justice and political democracy - can not be excluded .
While the '' End of History '' thus was essentially an argument about modernization , some people have linked my thesis about the end of history to the foreign policy of President George W. Bush and American strategic hegemony .
This is something that can not be taken for granted in countries like Iraq .
The End of History was never linked to a specifically American model of social or political organization .
The EU 's attempt to transcend sovereignty and traditional power politics by establishing a transnational rule of law is much more in line with a `` post-historical '' world than the Americans ' continuing belief in God , national sovereignty , and their military .
Finally , I never linked the global emergence of democracy to American agency , and particularly not to the exercise of American military power .
Outside powers like the US can often help in this process by the example they set as politically and economically successful societies .
They can also provide funding , advice , technical assistance , and yes , occasionally military force to help the process along .
America 's Self-Defeating Hegemony When I wrote about the `` end of history '' almost twenty years ago , one thing that I did not anticipate was the degree to which American behavior and misjudgments would make anti-Americanism one of the chief fault-lines of global politics .
But it can not be the core of a general non-proliferation policy , whereby the United States intervenes militarily everywhere to prevent the development of nuclear weapons .
Many people within the Bush administration believed that even without approval by the UN Security Council or NATO , American power would be legitimized by its successful use .
The structural anti-Americanism arising from the global distribution of power was evident well before the Iraq war , in the opposition to American-led globalization during the Clinton years .
It is worth pondering why a country with more military power than any other in human history , and that spends as much on its military as virtually the rest of the world combined , can not bring security to a small country of 24 million people after more than three years of occupation .
At least part of the problem is that it is dealing with complex social forces that are not organized into centralized hierarchies that can enforce rules , and thus be deterred , coerced , or otherwise manipulated through conventional power .
Hence the televised `` confessions '' that hearkened back to the taking of hostages in the American Embassy -LRB- the `` nest of spies '' -RRB- , and the rallies against foreign embassies .
Ahmedinejad was supposed to give a major speech to a huge rally in Teheran , which he canceled at the last moment , and when he did speak , it was to announce that the captives would soon be released .
At the same time , it is unreasonable to expect the increasing number of academics on short-term contracts to defend the integrity of an institution that can not promise them job security .
The two types of `` post-academic '' university that they represent -- the one a diploma mill , the other a patent factory -- share an overriding interest in benefiting those who can pay at the point of delivery .
It requires an increasingly controversial assumption : all human beings - whatever their achievements , competences , status , or health - are equally significant members of society , whose strength ultimately lies in what they can do together .
In his words , the human condition is not about `` survival of the fittest '' but `` the fitting of as many as can survive . ''
In response to the recurrence of well-publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene `` institutional review boards '' to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as `` research ethics . ''
In retrospect , the Committee probably should have refused the case , given that Lomborg 's book was subject to intense public scrutiny , often by experts writing -LRB- favorably -RRB- in The Economist and -LRB- unfavorably -RRB- in Scientific American .
Because of the speed with which it has become a fixture in cyberspace , Wikipedia 's true significance has gone largely unremarked .
Wikipedia is an encyclopedia to which anyone with a modicum of time , articulateness , and computer skills can contribute .
Anyone can change any entry or add a new entry , and the results will immediately appear for all to see -- and potentially contest .
Any change to an entry automatically generates a historical trace , so entries can be read as what medieval scholars call a `` palimpsest , '' a text that has been successively overwritten .
To fully realize this ideal , participation in Wikipedia might be made compulsory for advanced undergraduates and Master 's degree candidates worldwide .
But , while the sense of `` efficiency '' that attracted the mendicant Christian orders , the Dominicans and Franciscans , to staff the original universities was rather different , it is no less relevant today .
The Dominicans and Franciscans literally lived by begging -- that is , by depending on diverse sources of income , whose return to any particular investor was always unclear .
Their behavior also reflects the implied guarantee of official government mercantilism , as well as the complacency of China 's state-owned enterprises , which account for most Chinese overseas investment .
Operating on the assumption that the government will back them -- or bail them out if they fail -- they can afford to be cavalier .
But China can best avoid similar tragedies not by flexing its muscles , but by building greater multilateral cooperation to combat transnational crime along the Mekong .
Post-socialist growth is a process that can not -LRB- and should not -RRB- be easily stopped .
Russia can then forget about attaining the fast , sustainable growth that China has achieved .
Of course , no one can predict when such a crisis might occur .
If there is no independent press able to caution against mistakes and a parliament that can do the same , then the mistakes will eventually manifest themselves on the streets .
When you open a Pandora 's box , nobody can predict what will happen .
Moreover , numerous local investment projects were stopped , while measures to slow the growth of net exports -- including a 20 % revaluation of the renminbi and a significant cut in tariff rebates for exports -- brought down annual export growth from around 30 % to a more reasonable 17 % in late 2007 .
In fact , when a country 's economic growth is continuously above 9 % , policymakers probably can not be too cautious .
Non-governmental observers from neutral states can be sought to monitor compliance with the terms of such an accord .
Whereas T5 can handle only 12,000 bags an hour -LRB- when it handles them at all -RRB- and 30 million passengers per year , T3 can handle 20,000 bags an hour and 50 million passengers .
After all , if China 's political system can still be called socialism , it is at best `` socialism with Chinese characteristics , '' which embodies an increasing amount of market-oriented economic activity and greater economic openness and transparency .
Moreover , only the regulators can examine the dossiers , which are highly confidential .
So influential have medicine 's triumphs over bacteria been that the `` war on cancer '' continues to be driven by the assumption that magic bullets will one day be found for tumor cells if the search is sufficiently clever and diligent .
Yet lessons learned in dealing with exotic species , combined with recent mathematical models of the evolutionary dynamics of tumors , indicate that eradicating most cancers may be impossible . Trying to do so , moreover , could worsen the problem .
As in the case of the Diamondback moth , successful eradication of disseminated cancer cells is rare .
But despite the paucity of success , the typical goal in cancer therapy remains similar to that of antimicrobial treatments -- killing as many tumor cells as possible under the assumption that this will , at best , cure the disease and , at worst , keep the patient alive for as long as possible .
Some types of cancer -- for example , Hodgkin 's lymphoma , testicular cancer , and acute myeloid leukemia -- can be consistently cured using aggressive chemotherapy .
Just as invasive species adapt to pesticides , most cancer cells adapt to therapies .
Indeed , the parallels between cancerous cells and invasive species suggest that the principles for successful cancer therapy might be found not in the magic bullets of microbiology but in the evolutionary dynamics of applied ecology .
Recent research suggests that efforts to eliminate cancers may actually hasten the emergence of resistance and tumor recurrence , thus reducing a patient 's chances of survival .
For example , to cope with toxic drugs , a cancer cell may increase its rate of DNA repair , or actively pump the drug out across the cell membrane .
In targeted therapies , in which drugs interfere with the molecular signaling needed for proliferation and survival , a cell might adapt by activating or following alternative pathways . All these strategies use up energy that would otherwise be available for invasion into non-cancerous tissues or proliferation , and so reduce a cell 's fitness .
That cancer cells pay a price for resistance is supported by several observations .
Lung cancer cells that are resistant to the chemotherapy gemcitabine are less proliferative , invasive , and motile than their drug-sensitive counterparts .
Our models show that in the absence of therapy , cancer cells that have n't evolved resistance will proliferate at the expense of the less-fit resistant cells .
When a large number of sensitive cells are killed , say , by aggressive therapies , resistant types can proliferate unconstrained .
So , just as judicious use of pesticides can control invasive species , a therapeutic strategy designed to maintain a stable , tolerable tumor volume could improve a patient 's prospects for survival by allowing sensitive cells to suppress the growth of resistant ones .
To test this idea , we treated a human ovarian cancer , grown in mice , with conventional high-dose chemotherapy .
The cancer rapidly regressed but then recurred and killed the mice .
Designing therapies to sustain a stable tumor mass rather than eradicate all cancer cells will require a strategy that looks beyond the immediate cytotoxic effects of any one treatment .
Researchers will need to establish the mechanisms by which cancer cells achieve resistance and what it costs them .
Of course , cancer researchers should not abandon their search for ever-more-effective cancer therapies , even for cures .
But it may be time to temper our quest for magic bullets and recognize the cold reality of Darwin 's evolutionary dynamics . Medicine 's goal of a glorious victory over cancer may need to yield to our recognizing that an uneasy stalemate may be the best that can be achieved .
And , having run negative real interest rates , printed money , plowed in liquidity , and subsidized commercial banks , central bankers everywhere -- most recently US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke -- appear to have concluded that they , too , have reached the limit of what they can do .
Countries claiming to have reached the limit of what they can do really mean that they have reached the limit of what they can do on their own .
But , for now , America and Europe can not expand their consumer spending without increasing exports , while China and the emerging markets can not easily expand their production or consumption without the guarantee of strong Western markets .
But a broader and deeper agenda is needed : China should agree to raise household spending and consumer imports ; India should open its markets so that its poor can benefit from low-cost imports ; and Europe and America must boost competitiveness in order to increase their exports .
`` I need to be in a position where I can sit down with him -LRB- Putin -RRB- and be very frank about our concerns , '' Bush said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
As former French Prime Minister Pierre Mauroy put it in 1981 , when he refused to cancel a gas deal with the USSR over the imposition of martial law in Poland , `` Should the suffering of French people deprived of gas be added to the suffering of Polish people deprived of freedom ? ''
Venezuela 's Choice Venezuela 's democratic opposition has finally united behind a single candidate , Manuel Rosales , to challenge the incumbent populist maverick Hugo Chávez in the presidential election scheduled for December 3rd .
But Chávez unjustifiably vilified many of them including neighboring Colombia , which is one reason why his push to gain for Venezuela the Latin American seat on the United Nations Security Council was recently blocked .
President Chávez has opposed Free Trade Agreements and has proposed a mutant trade association he calls ALBA , -LRB- American Bolivarian Alternative -RRB- .
As long as this combination of factors lasts , the governments of Latin America can maintain fiscal discipline , despite higher spending , as rapid growth translates into greater revenues .
As long as this is true , integration can not succeed .
By taking the model of a civilisation that puts man and his dignity in a central position , it can also be the starting point for a genuine discussion on the future of Europe .
In other Latin American countries , support for a strong leader either is stronger or nearly as strong as support for democracy .
They are also a failure of human beings : democratic values do not function without citizens ; there can be no democracy without democrats .
But no amount of finger pointing can obscure the fact that , 50 years after the European Community 's creation , Europe badly needs a new political framework , if not a new project , to shore up its unity .
Like the anti-globalization movement , the new anti-Europeanism can be regarded as a demand for a `` different world '' -- in this case , an `` alter-Europeanism . ''
Europe is a peculiar combination of geography and history , but the EU 's boundaries -- and thus the prospects for its further enlargement -- are determined as much by its capacity to integrate candidate countries as by these countries ' own adaptive abilities .
Is enlargement the only effective policy for stabilization and peace , or can the EU 's `` neighborhood policy , '' falling short of full admission for some of the countries knocking at the door , become an instrument for supporting development and stabilization , much as the Marshall Plan once was for Western Europe ?
Which measures can ensure the EU 's global competitiveness ?
How can we narrow the existing differences in development and material welfare within Europe ?
Only a new European debate that includes both Europe 's citizens and its institutions can combat `` alter-Europeanism '' effectively .
Like the anti-globalization movement , the new anti-Europeanism can be regarded as a demand for a different European model -- an `` alter-Europeanism . ''
Europe is a peculiar combination of geography and history , but the boundaries of the EU -- and thus the prospects for its further enlargement -- are determined by its absorptive capacity and the adaptive abilities of candidate countries .
Or can the `` neighborhood policy '' become an instrument for supporting development and stabilization , much as the Marshall Plan once was for Western Europe ?
Which measures can ensure the EU 's global competitiveness ?
How can we narrow the existing differences in development and material welfare within Europe ?
Only a new European debate that embodies the common action of European citizens and institutions can combat `` alter-Europeanism '' effectively .
By transforming the political landscape of the Middle East , American officials hope to strike at the root causes of Islamic extremism .
Will a war against Iraq help the US in its fight against terrorists , or will it make Americans more vulnerable ?
American officials do not seem to recognize how difficult , costly , and prolonged the task of creating a peaceful order and a viable democracy in Iraq will be .
But democracy can not be delivered to Iraq by an outside power .
Only Iraqis , with international assistance , can transform their country .
It will likely take one or two decades , not just a year or two , the proposed time frame of American military presence in Iraq after the expected ouster of Hussein .
Sadly , this worst case scenario is hardly entertained by American officials , who now seem to be prisoners of their own rhetoric .
On December 13 , however , voters in Chile 's presidential election are likely to make the Concertación candidate sweat .
The young candidate 's unexpected popular support is rooted within the ruling coalition : his adoptive father is a prominent Socialist senator -LRB- his biological father , a leader of the revolutionary left in the 1970 's , was killed by Pinochet 's political police -RRB- .
With this unique mix of insider knowledge and outsider status , and a freshness that both main candidates lack , Enríquez-Ominami has gone farther than most observers predicted .
The center-left coalition that defeated Pinochet -LRB- in a 1988 plebiscite and his presidential candidate in the 1989 election -RRB- has been wise enough to keep , and in some cases deepen , the sound free-market policies inherited from the military government .
Unlike many Latin American countries , in which populist backlashes have followed the liberalizing reforms of the 1990 's , the main challenger in Chile is an even more pro-market coalition .
In either of the most probable scenarios , continuity or prudent change , or even if the `` outsider '' candidate wins , Chile will in all likelihood remain a beacon of democratic stability , economic dynamism , and international engagement in a region too often characterized by political and economic turbulence .
In almost all areas , from political stability to economic development to poverty alleviation , Chile has done very well over the past two decades , certainly much better than its Latin American neighbors .
Piñera 's victory was aided by the sclerosis of the Concertación , which ran as its candidate the Christian Democrat Eduardo Frei , the least popular of its four presidents of the last two decades . -LRB- The current and popular Socialist president , Michelle Bachelet , could not legally run for reelection . -RRB-
Even worse , after the Socialist Party denied a young deputy , Marco Enríquez-Ominami , the possibility to compete in a primary against Frei , Enríquez launched a quite successful independent candidacy , which split the Concertación vote in the first round .
The smallest of the alliance 's parties -LRB- the Radicals -RRB- quickly negotiated a deal with the right in Congress -LRB- though it was canceled after the ensuing political scandal -RRB- .
One factor , however , may hold everything together : Bachelet can and may run again for president in 2013-2014 .
Rightly so , for Iraq 's transition can mark the start of the fall of the `` Arab Wall '' -- the invisible barrier of authoritarianism and rigidity that isolates the region as surely as the Berlin Wall once cut Europe in two .
Given the Middle East 's deep malaise , today 's Arab status quo can not long endure .
Egypt can reclaim Arab leadership only if it guides the region in the quest for cultural renaissance , liberalism , democracy , educational reform , and economic development .
As Mexico and postcommunist Europe demonstrated , nimble elites can re-invent themselves as they change their political system .
Reform can not succeed in the midst of a conflict that bolsters extremists and hatred .
The differences in the two countries ' growth patterns are striking , and raise significant questions for development economists .
As a result of globalization , the pace of development can be explosive .
Moreover , the long-held view that services are non-transportable , non-tradable , and non-scalable no longer holds for a host of modern impersonal services , which can now be produced and exported at low cost .
Developing countries can thus sustain service-led growth , given the huge room they have for catch-up and convergence .
The globalization of services , however , provides alternative opportunities for developing countries to find niches , beyond manufacturing , where they can specialize , scale up , and achieve explosive growth , just like the industrializers .
As the services produced and traded across the world expand with globalization , the possibilities for all countries to develop based on their comparative advantage expand . That comparative advantage can just as easily be in services as in manufacturing or agriculture .
Indeed growth can eliminate poverty in leading regions in a generation .
But the lagging regions are doing no better than many Sub-Saharan African countries .
What can be done ?
A direct attack on poverty can yield a double dividend : in reducing human misery , it could spark growth , thereby creating more political space for direct poverty reduction .
Achieving equity through fiscal transfers can ensure a level playing field .
So a rising tide really can lift all boats , with growth trumping inequality when it comes to poverty reduction .
Uneducated women then have few alternatives , and the expectation becomes self-fulfilling , leaving women in a continuous cycle of powerlessness that has had significant adverse long-term effects .
Tackling these challenges requires a clear understanding of how economic opportunities can be broadened to ensure faster poverty reduction , promote human development , and stimulate gender-inclusive growth .
Greater gender equality can contribute to economic growth and development , and major initiatives to increase opportunities for women can transform society .
Many work in piles of garbage , either removing them to another place or collecting empty bottles and cans to sell .
Children who work in the garbage dumps are prone to skin and respiratory problems , while those who work with paints eventually become addicted to the intoxicants that they inhale .
As a result , significant amounts of income are transferred from consumers to small groups protected by the law . Worse , the whole economy suffers from chronic sclerosis .
The euro demonstrates that century old rivalries among nation states can be overcome and forgotten when citizens can move across borders to do business with one another more easily .
Much of the commentary about the case has centered on whether a patient 's wishes can be overridden , even by loving family members .
An implantable cardioverter defibrillator can jolt the heart back to normal if an irregular , life-threatening rhythm develops in patients who have had a heart attack .
Sophisticated biopharmaceuticals -- drugs typically used in patients with extremely advanced cancers -- are also multiplying .
Some of these therapies can provide additional months or even years of life to people in their prime .
Epidemics caused by fat are now manifest : Type 2 diabetes , increased rates of heart and cardiovascular disease , and notably more cancers , such as breast cancer .
Being obese can also be caused by disruption of normal growth caused by pathological changes -- ranging from tumors to aging -LRB- which is also understood as pathological -RRB- -- in the endocrine system .
Finally , obesity can be the result of infection by an agent that makes us get fat .
This is not an evil which I can decide once and for all to repudiate and never to embrace again , as I was able to do with fornication . ''
Flexibility allows NGOs to be innovative in ways that organizations like the UN often can not .
But there are few international rules on what an NGO actually is , and the lack of control can lead to unpredictable consequences .
CARE , as both a relief and development agency , can take a long-term approach to disasters , matching emergency relief with a rehabilitation and recovery phase .
Russia can not withstand another four years of plunder and destruction .
Many people can not buy the most basic medicines and have no access to modern medical services .
By the nineteenth century , the development of steam and other transport meant that one-third of the population of Scandinavia , Ireland , and parts of Italy emigrated .
Cambodian authorities can help build their credibility by curbing the temptation to pad bills and inflate salaries .
With sufficient resources , and a determination not to compromise on quality , the Extraordinary Chambers can provide a measure of justice for the victims and an example of law 's power to serve the public good .
African Misrule on Trial
African Misrule on Trial THE HAGUE -- As the world focuses on the inauguration of America 's first black president and celebrates an important milestone in the ongoing struggle for racial equality , recent developments across the Atlantic represent significant progress in a related global campaign to end impunity for mass crimes .
On the other hand , the Court can not charge -- or refrain from charging -- a senior political or military official responsible for grave crimes solely to avert negative political repercussions .
Thirty African governments have ratified the ICC 's governing statute , and several of the Court 's 18 judges hail from Africa , as does a substantial portion of its staff .
Only by demonstrating professionalism in its work , and willingness to hold senior government figures accountable where appropriate , can the ICC engender broad and lasting support .
For now , the Court can best address skeptics by more regularly and transparently explaining itself -- its decisions , its mandate , and its constraints -- to a global public to whom it ultimately must answer .
But without the support of these two ministries , Putin can not institutionalize his new foreign policy course .
Of course , Russia 's generals readily believe the most paranoid explanations of American motives -LRB- particularly now , when American foreign policy seems so arrogant -RRB- .
But stereotypes can survive so long and be so influential only insofar as they serve the real interests of real people and institutions .
Indeed , only the continuance of a vast global threat can justify the existence of Russia 's armed forces at their current size of 1.2 million personnel , as well as the current conscription system -- deeply resented by oridinary Russians -- and a reserve of many millions .
Russian generals insist that conscription must be maintained so that , if necessary , a large-scale war can be waged .
They continue to think as they have always done , because it is in their direct self-interest to do all they can to preserve the militarized state of a decadent era .
Russia 's traditional army can not fight terrorists effectively because it disdains the ability of soldiers to work in small groups , and does not encourage individual initiative on the part of officers .
Belarus 's economy can function only if Russia subsidizes energy prices and allocates non-repayable credits .
In 2005 , at the summit of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization , Vladimir Putin pressed for the final declaration to include a demand for withdrawal of American bases from Central Asia .
But , now that a Russian-American agreement allows supply flights to Afghanistan to go through Russian airspace , it is clear that Russia sought only to monopolize the military cargo transportation routs in order to gain leverage over the United States .
Then the Americans offered Bakiyev $ 160 million a year , and now there may be no official base , but a `` transit center '' that serves the same functions .
Bakiyev seems to have said : so , you are worried about the American military presence in Central Asia , and you want to confront it .
Fine , the Americans can have one base in Kyrgyzstan , and Russia can have two .
Israelis can not dominate another people and live in a democratic state in keeping with Zionist ideals unless they `` free '' themselves of the territories and aim at the coexistence of two states with recognized borders and good neighborly relations .
The women and children whose limbs Taylor ordered to be hacked off bear testimony to his brutality , and the countries left in turmoil make clear that there can be no durable peace in West Africa unless the man who unleashed these conflicts is stopped .
Intense American and European pressure ensured that former Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic and many of his allies were handed over to the UN 's International War Crimes Tribunal for former Yugoslavia in The Hague .
It is time for Obasanjo to make good on Nigeria 's record as a leader in maintaining peace and security on the African continent .
Bachelet 's margin of victory was far larger than the scant 31,000 votes that brought Lagos to power in January 2000 .
But , in yet another sign of Chile 's transformation , the right-wing candidate that Bachelet defeated , Sebastián Piñera , is a liberal entrepreneur who has never hidden his rejection of Pinochet and his dictatorship .
Who can argue ?
They assume that many scientific conventions are accidents of history and new abstractions can be devised .
But it can also stifle development .
Some of those innovations will eventually trickle into the mainstream , so a glimpse at current experiments can reveal what the future of ordinary computer interaction could look like , and what would be gained .
Inside the computer screen is a virtual 1950 's office , with paper documents , filing cabinets , and a garbage can .
We 've seen hints of a new paradigm in Apple 's iPhone , which allows gestural finger motions , but in the intelligence community , concept visualization can be so radical that most ordinary users might barely recognize what it was .
Modern user interface scientists are interested in katachi because it can reveal how form facilitates human interaction .
Foreigners are often mystified as to why such a minimalist event can require years of training .
Those with high ability know how the guests ' experience can be improved with careful preparations of tools , reflective conversations , and natural yet well-controlled body motions .
Expressive icons represent thought , but can only communicate complex subtleties and situations if they allow multiple levels of understanding .
Production of the materials used to capture and store solar electricity , for example , can cause just as much environmental damage as conventional fuels , and existing wind and solar technology can not easily meet the needs of large populations .
Global deposits of methane clathrate contain more than twice the amount of energy of all known fossil fuels , and it can burn cleanly .
Some , like AIDS , are chronic ; others , like earthquakes or hurricane Katrina , are sudden displays of natural force .
But siphoning the habits of one culture into another during a rebuilding process can trigger societal changes that are almost as damaging as the disaster itself , as happened in a small fishing villages in the Philippines in the late 1970 's .
Indeed , while it might seem as though there would be no problem of cultural transposition in the case of Hurricane Katrina , an examination of the tragedy reveals otherwise .
It has been overwhelmingly observed that the worst-hit people in New Orleans were poor African-Americans living in the city 's low-lying districts .
These factors clearly played a role , but , overall , if a body of scientifically inclined people from the inner city had been involved in flood control and evacuation planning , the consequences of hurricane Katrina would certainly have been managed more effectively .
Societal mechanisms simply can not be adjusted without a crisp , practiced understanding of a culture .
And this can not be merely intuitive . It must be scientific , that is , based on the best methods and models .
Even though many of them might not have studied the local culture , they can nonetheless provide guidance that has been informed by the world 's most expensive infrastructure .
`` Bird flu '' has already shown that it can jump from fowl to humans , and now even to cats , which indicates that it might be the next global killer .
Deadly mutations of any kind need to be identified urgently , so that an effective vaccine can be designed before the strain becomes comfortable in the human body .
Although local Muslim leaders have since criticized Hilaly 's attitude , the incident again raises the question of attitudes regarding sex in `` orthodox '' communities , and how they can be reconciled with prevailing norms in the West .
A significant reason is believed to be the steady flight of intellectuals from Iraq , which seems obvious , but is difficult to measure .
In the Muslim world , there is a significant , important flow of pornography .
In fact , porn is so specifically tuned to the tastes of consumers that shifts can indicate changes in a society almost immediately .
Anyone privy to details of such activities can not comment on them , but one story circulating in the research community involved attempts to introduce condoms into African porn as part of an anti-AIDS effort .
We should not be surprised if someone eventually tries to tweak the content of pornography to exploit Americans ' cultural proclivities on behalf of other products , causes , or even political candidates .
The Disappearing Sky Some months ago , an American astronaut accidentally let a tool escape into orbit , eliciting concern about its hazardous potential as a hurtling object that could destroy an expensive satellite or even threaten lives aloft .
Fragile treaties that cover this are enforced mostly by the fact that few nations can afford to place assets that high .
It can be shown that cells are able to detect these messages , but the extent to which they affect the body is unknown .
Dams -- provided they are adequately sized and designed -- can contribute to human development by fighting climate change and regulating water supply .
Official development assistance can create incentives to cooperate by financing data-collection , providing technical know-how , or , indeed , by conditioning loans on constructive negotiations .
Rural hydraulic projects , which ensure access to water for these populations over large stretches of land , can prove to be efficient conflict prevention tools .
In West Africa or the Middle East , Central Asia or India , this , too , can contribute to abating clashes over water .
Like 20 years ago , we face a threat to global security and our very existence that no one nation can deal with alone .
To avoid both the global hangover of no deal and the self-deception of a weak deal , a breakthrough is needed -- and can still be achieved in Copenhagen .
Indeed , today 's elite can not or will not solve the problem .
Only a serious presidential initiative , supported by civil society and brave new political forces , can do the job .
Barring preemptive war -LRB- which has proven counterproductive -RRB- or effective sanctions -LRB- which have thus far proven insufficient -RRB- , only sincere steps toward nuclear disarmament can furnish the mutual security needed to forge tough compromises on arms control and nonproliferation matters .
Only a serious program of universal nuclear disarmament can provide the reassurance and the credibility needed to build a global consensus that nuclear deterrence is a dead doctrine .
We can no longer afford , politically or financially , the discriminatory nature of the current system of nuclear `` haves '' and `` have-nots . ''
Our efforts 25 years ago can be vindicated only when the Bomb ends up beside the slave trader 's manacles and the Great War 's mustard gas in the museum of bygone savagery .
A country with such influence over a military superpower can not be considered weak .
Russia can be effective in dealing with these issues only if it becomes a competent global actor . Yet many assume that world politics should be designed to bypass Russia .
A state that is involved in three global regions -LRB- Europe , Central Asia , and the Far East , not to mention the Arctic -RRB- and borders several others can not be considered `` regional . ''
Americans sometimes suggest that the Russians have a hidden strategic agenda .
But the consensus that Vladimir Putin has created in Russia since 2000 is more than a question of interests ; it is a value-based reality . It is based on the possibility of a free life in a secure environment -- something that Americans take for granted .
They are not imported and can not be fixed merely by changing the dollar 's value .
This pitiful performance incites angry cries that American jobs are disappearing abroad , and that low-cost exports may result in deflation .
Moreover , if China decided to sell its dollar holdings , the bond market would discount US government securities , raising US long-term interest rates and canceling much -LRB- perhaps all -RRB- of whatever stimulus has been provided by the dollar 's depreciation .
The silver lining here is that this failure may revive the realization that no country -- not even mighty America -- can devalue its way out of trouble .
Russian macroeconomic performance has greatly improved since the 1998 financial crisis , and this success can be attributed in part to improved monetary policy .
As a starting point , the RCB should be charged with projecting inflation , formulate policies to stabilize prices , and either implement those polices or explain why it can not and who could do so .
As a result , Putin 's Russia appears headed for the Latin American model of self-inflicted stagflation .
With employers unwilling to hire workers that they can not easily fire , French young people are right to feel uncertain about their future .
Slowdown in America can , indeed , mutate into global recession .
In any case , the blow to confidence from so horrific and unprecedented a terrorist act will undoubtedly have a sharp short-term impact on real demand as well as unsettle financial markets : but it can not in itself lead to long term recession or chronic destabilization of financial markets .
Some observers fear that the attacks in New York and Washington may act as a catalyst for American consumers , who have kept spending despite a recent parade of grim economic statistics , to finally tighten their belts .
Prior to the terrorist attacks , American economic indicators were increasingly gloomy : economic growth was barely positive in the last two quarters of 2000 .
If American military retaliation comes close to major oil producing regions in the Middle East , oil prices would jump as in the 1991 Gulf War .
Monnet 's effort to rebuild France by mobilizing business , unions and government authorities at all levels mutated into France 's `` Great Organizational Myth '' - the idea that technocrats can allocate resources better than the market .
But `` Private France '' - despite its dynamism - can not continue to compete and innovate while carrying the dead weight of `` Public France '' on its shoulders .
Reaching consensus among the World Trade Organization 's 145 members , where one dissent can cause utter disarray , was difficult even before the world 's governments divided into pro- and anti-American camps .
In Japan , there seems little hope that the world 's second-largest economy can extricate itself from its homemade deflation trap to generate the demand needed to offset economic weakness elsewhere in the world .
Although China 's official growth rate reached 8 % in 2002 , its high budget deficit and large stock of non-performing loans -LRB- about 40 % of GDP -RRB- mean that it can not afford any slowdown if it is to keep people employed , especially in rural areas .
The test of whether multilateral cooperation can be put back on track , and reconciled with America 's war against terrorism and the spread of weapons of mass destruction , may come with Iraq 's reconstruction .
But this can be ruled out in today 's Russia , because the instruments to implement it -- notably an army that would obey orders to mow people down in the streets -- are lacking .
In these circumstances , an isolated and increasingly unpopular regime might decide to cancel or rig the presidential election when it fell due .
As it happens , Putin is now entrenching the already dominant United Russia party by his decision to head the party 's candidate list in December 's parliamentary election .
My father was American , but naturalized too recently to hand his US citizenship on to me .
The canton of Neuchatel -LRB- one of the 26 mini-states that comprise the Swiss confederation -RRB- lies alongside the French border .
In the case of Neuchatel , this includes the canton as well as the picturesque lakeside city .
The fact that Facchinetti himself is the lynchpin of the canton 's open-minded views may be seen as a weakness , but it is also its strength .
Tolerance has a face -- the neat smiling figure of this son of Italian immigrants , who is easily accessible to the canton 's citizens .
Partly as a result of his efforts , Neuchatel was one of the four cantons in Switzerland to vote against the ban on new minarets .
Because share prices , therefore , can not possibly affect the macro-economy , Mr. Shang should be able to improve the quality of regulation without worrying about the effect on growth . # 2 .
Initial public offerings -LRB- IPOs -RRB- are now as important a source of capital as banks . During the 1990s , the stock market did grow in significance for Chinese firms , or at least for the former SOEs that were listed .
China 's stock market can not be a vehicle for privatization . According to Changjiang Securities , 320 listed companies experienced a change in their controlling shareholder in 1996-2001 .
If a decent credit culture can be created , people can have access to tomorrow 's income today .
The economic significance of new financial products is likely to grow more rapidly as foreign banks enter the market .
Many of the results of human studies are highly preliminary and do not actually identify a gene . In fact , they can not , for genetic experimentation on humans is impossible .
If the relationship between fruit fly genes and behavior is so complex , can it be any less so with humans ?
That August , construction workers in Qiqihar mistakenly ruptured mustard gas canisters left from the wartime Japanese occupation , injuring dozens and killing at least one .
The complexity and depth of these anti-Japanese sentiments helps sustain them and sets them apart from other , more fleeting and contradictory anti-foreign sentiments , such as those Chinese sometimes harbor towards Americans .
Optimists counter that China and Japan can cooperate , acting as the `` dual engines '' of Asian development .
But regional and sub-regional financial institutions owned by developing countries can and should play an important and valuable complementary role .
Based on these initial calculations , the additional lending capacity generated would be significantly larger than total disbursements currently made by existing multilateral development banks .
The war against terror and rogue dictatorships such as Saddam Hussein 's can be won only in part on the battlefield .
Success can be measured by miles of roads built , numbers of vaccinations , performance of children at schools , clean water -- all validated by independent auditors .
A `` special purpose vehicle '' -LRB- SPV -RRB- has been established in Luxembourg , and can already count on hundreds of billions of euros in guarantees from member states .
Europe can not escape the crisis in its financial markets until it fixes its banks .
Without the American climate-change package , the promises made by the US administration only seven months ago at the Copenhagen summit have become worthless .
The answer can be found in one word : `` coal '' -- or , rather , the fact that coal is cheap and abundant .
By contrast , opposition by US states whose economies rely significantly on coal production proved decisive for the fate of Obama 's climate-change bill .
Without any significant commitment from the US , the Copenhagen Accord , so laboriously achieved last year , has become meaningless .
The structural shift towards exports will be difficult and time-consuming mainly because producing the high-tech goods that the US should be exporting requires a skilled workforce , which has largely been lost and can not be re-created overnight .
Most construction workers are rather low-skilled and thus can not be re-deployed to modern high-tech manufacturing .
Unfortunately , there is very little that economic policy can do to create a strong exporting sector in the short run , except alleviate the social pain .
Labor-market flexibility is always touted as a panacea , but even the highest degree of it can not transform unemployed realtors or construction workers into skilled manufacturing specialists .
Together with the Scandinavian and British constituencies , there are thus eight EU representatives on the IMF 's executive board .
Given that the IMF 's Articles of Agreement stipulate that there can be only 20 board members , this means that 40 % of all the IMF 's executive directors from the EU , with one-third coming from the eurozone .
Contrast this current condition of extended misery with the only sensible long-term solution : a pooling of IMF quotas by all eurozone countries . The eurozone would then have one constituency , or seat , on the Fund 's executive board , filled by a candidate nominated by the eurozone group of finance ministers .
But , given the scant interest of European Union members in transferring further competences -LRB- and juicy international positions -RRB- to the EU level , the chances that this solution will prevail seem remote .
Such a process , however , can not go on forever , because with each increase in size , the IMF 's board becomes less effective .
The troubled country could then rapidly obtain a large IMF loan , given that the eurozone countries ' quotas total about ¤ 60 billion -- and that IMF loans can easily reach multiples of the quota .
Today , the US Treasury can still borrow unlimited amounts at rock-bottom interest rates . Indeed , the interest rate on inflation-protected bonds has now become -0.5 % , even for a five-year maturity !
The US government is thus essentially being paid in real terms to take investors ' money -- a generous offer that it is accepting on a huge scale , in the hope that channeling these resources to American consumers will boost household spending and thus generate more jobs .
And that is true here as well : performing the role of reserve currency enables the US to borrow on the cheap , but at the cost of any significant influence over the exchange rate , which is determined by the rest of the world 's demand for dollar assets .
This is the price that the US must pay for its lunch : Americans can continue to consume a lot , but the jobs are elsewhere .
As the only major economy with capital controls , China has created its own `` exorbitant privilege '' : it can determine its exchange rate because no other big countries impose capital controls .
Sub-prime mortgages made the American dream come true .
In developed economies , construction can add only a relatively small amount each year to the existing stock of housing .
One sure way to reduce the savings rate in China would be to develop an American-style mortgage market there .
By contrast , from an economic point of view , many American households really rent their homes from the Chinese government .
The real danger arises when everyone is convinced that investing in real estate is the best way to secure one 's own future because house prices can only go up .
But when the bubble bursts , the NINJAs can not service their debt and builders go into bankruptcy .
In extreme cases , as in Ireland -LRB- one hopes not in Spain -RRB- , the need to save the banking system can bankrupt an entire country .
Housing booms can last a long time , typically more than a decade .
The next bust can be avoided only if emerging markets manage the dream of homeownership better than the US and Europe .
After all , the claim that the risk of loss will arise only for debt issued after the new crisis-resolution mechanism starts in 2014 implies that all debt issued until then is safe , and that insolvency can occur only in some distant future , rather than now , as in Greece and Ireland .
The EFSF will also provide funds to ensure that Irish banks ' depositors can get their money back today .
So , if the exit is small , even the faintest whiff of smoke can trigger a stampede .
The official line so far has been `` no default , '' meaning no sovereign default or that of any bank can be considered .
But retail shop clerks and car dealers can not be easily transformed into the specialized and highly skilled workers needed in modern manufacturing .
But shops and showrooms can not be transformed into tourist attractions , whose capacity will remain limited until enough time has passed to build new hotels , recreational facilities , etc. .
Given that Greece had a current-account deficit close to 10 % of GDP in 2010 , a drop in imported consumption goods of that magnitude seems to be needed before the country 's external debt can be stabilized .
The import boom in the United States was much smaller than that on the EU periphery , but the recent downward revision of US GDP can be seen through the same lens .
But , because they now run current-account surpluses , they have fully adjusted and can resume growth , albeit naturally at a much slower pace than during the boom .
Labor-market liberalization would allow firms in the domestic sector to fire workers more rapidly , but would do little to encourage export-oriented firms to invest more and create more jobs , especially when the domestic banking system is under stress and can not provide new credit .
The EU remains a collection of sovereign states , and it therefore can not send an army or a police force to enforce its pacts or collect debt .
Any country can leave the EU -- and , of course , the eurozone -- when the burden of its obligations becomes too onerous .
As long as member states remain fully sovereign , investors can not be assured that if the eurozone breaks up , some states will not simply refuse to pay -- or will not refuse to pay for the others .
Financial markets have reacted so strongly because investors now comprehend that `` sovereign debt '' is the debt of a sovereign that can simply decide not to pay .
Nobody can know at this point whether Portugal or Italy might be the next stops on this road of resistance .
At this point , the common currency can be saved only if systemically important countries -- namely , Italy and Spain -- take concerted action to demonstrate that they are different from Greece .
A bubble in the American housing market -- fueled in part by so-called `` sub-prime '' mortgages -- was the catalyst for today 's financial market turbulence .
There has always been a correlation between American and European house prices .
In these two countries , lower housing prices are likely to be associated with a sharp and prolonged drop in domestic demand , which should be stronger even than what can be expected in the US .
The IMF is the only candidate for this task , but experience has shown that the Fund can fulfill this role only if its governance is reformed .
This requisite independence of the IMF staff can be achieved by stipulating that the Board oversees only the work of the Fund 's analytical functions and , more importantly , that its composition and decision-making mode are overhauled in the following ways :
The disaster that followed illustrated the damage that an uncontrolled failure can produce .
A debtor 's strongest negotiating asset is always that creditors can not contemplate default , because default would bring down the entire financial system .
But market discipline can be established only if default is a true possibility .
These were bonds issued by distressed Latin American countries in the early 1990 's as part of an arrangement to reschedule their international debts . US government securities provided collateral for them .
The case of Greece has raised the simple but profound question : can a member state of the EU be allowed to fail ?
So long as EU leaders can not answer that question , financial markets will continue to harbor doubts about the euro 's long-term stability .
The eurozone can not stabilize in political and economic terms without a solid framework for crisis resolution and an ability to deal with sovereign default by a member state .
The view that member states can not be allowed to fail logically implies that a political or at least a fiscal union must underpin the euro .
This implies a fundamental reversal of the present approach , whereby social policies belong to member states and the Union has tightly circumscribed powers of intervention , which , in addition , can only be exercised with unanimity .
Conventional wisdom suggests that the EU 's inability to meet the challenges of integration is due to rigid economic structures and inadequate human capital -- weaknesses that can only be tackled effectively by national policies , where the Union has little role to play .
Those who lose their jobs can not find new ones because of barriers to entry , while high long-term unemployment makes those who do have jobs feel threatened .
If they can not reform , France or Italy eventually may be tempted to renege on free movement of goods , services and labor -- and perhaps even abandon the euro -- with disruptive consequences for all members .
Only then can one hope for full implementation of reforms and the virtuous circle of improved expectations and economic performance that should have been set in motion by the European Council 's Lisbon summit seven years ago .
The key to overcoming resistance is to give affected workers grounds to hope that they can find a new job .
Policy coordination can provide effective remedies to these negative spillovers .
Such a scheme should include a `` point system '' for selecting applicants for residence and work permits , which would assign each applicant a score based on objective criteria , typically including language ability , education , and experience .
Apparently , many Palestinian Arabs , and much of the Arab world , continue to think that they can do better than a two-state solution .
American and European governments seem willing to use the carrot of economic aid to encourage this development , in the way that the US pays off Egypt and Jordan to acquiesce in the existence of Israel .
A permanent end to the conflict over Palestine will not be possible until the Palestinian Arabs and their allies become convinced that the failure of colonialism in countries like Algeria and South Africa is not a relevant lesson for them . In other words Arabs will have to become convinced that they can neither subjugate the Jews nor drive the Jews out of Palestine .
Unfortunately , the Israelis can show the Arabs that they can not destroy Israel only by enduring the violent war of attrition that the Arabs are pursuing .
We celebrate them as individuals who demonstrate how far we can travel in life , how beautiful human beings can actually be .
So tragic a ritual can have no good end .
But what can our hero do at this hour ?
Marriage and political partnership can , in any case , keep the tandem intact .
No one believes that such an edifice can be detached from the government , or that he will abstain from taking part in his wife 's decisions as president .
It is a significant achievement .
Hyper-presidentialism , inbred politics , and a plan to keep power indefinitely through a legal technicality : all this could put the Kirchners on the same level with the `` caudillos for life '' that Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez has brought back to the Latin American scene .
So Humala 's Latin American options are limited : Venezuela , Brazil , or the countries of the Pacto del Pacífico .
BUENOS AIRES -- Bolstered by Argentina 's economic stability and widespread sympathy for her widowhood , President Cristina Kirchner 's easy re-election has confirmed that she can , indeed , govern a complex , contentious , and at times self-destructive society without her husband , Néstor .
According to unofficial figures , subsidies already represent 5 % of GDP , and only painful adjustments can reduce them .
These spectacles were intended for national consumption , but the Americans deeply resented them .
In the meantime , the US is opposed to concessionary loans for Argentina from the World Bank and the Inter-American Development Bank .
In Argentina , as in many Latin American countries , presidents have so much power that other governmental institutions ' authority fades , eradicating the boundaries between the executive and the state .
Retuning Europe 's Franco-German Engine BERLIN -- Whether or not the French presidency of the EU , which begins next month , is successful will depend in large part on whether Franco-German cooperation can be revived .
Of course , the Franco-German engine can not function as before .
So what can be done to generate a new sense of leadership around the Franco-German axis ?
Fortunately , Franco-German disputes , while often seemingly fierce , do not last long , and can even serve to refocus people 's attention on the importance of the relationship .
Europe has technology and provides a secure framework for investment , but it is the southern Mediterranean that increasingly can point to strong economic growth .
Mobility for students and professors should be accompanied by improved occupational mobility for both European and African workers .
Europe could finance more and better training to help meet its own labor shortages , while African countries would be able to provide employment for their young people . And a Euro-Mediterranean and Euro-African version of the Erasmus student-exchange program would not only attract African students to Europe , but would also boost European students ' interest in the development of the southern Mediterranean and Africa .
A Euro-Mediterranean Union leading to a Euro-African Union could open the way to balanced mutual development .
Indeed , a Euro-Mediterranean and then Euro-African union may well be the only political project capable of preventing global rule by a G-2 of the United States and China .
The Americans want full EU membership for Turkey -- a longstanding NATO member and close American ally -- while Europeans complain about the Turkish military 's domestic political role .
Turkey 's refusal to grant the Americans access to military bases on its territory effectively ruled out a northern front in the war .
Parliament 's rejection of US troops powerfully refutes suggestions that Turkey was primarily concerned about the size of the American aid package on offer as an inducement to cooperate .
Suggestions that characterized the vote as revealing the government 's true `` Islamic '' character ignore the fact that the only opposition party in parliament , the Republican People 's Party -- founded by Atatürk and still fully `` secularist '' -- voted against the plan .
Their silence on Iraq reflected their apprehension about unwanted alternatives : either support the US plan and risk encouraging Kurdish moves toward an independent state , or oppose the Americans and jeopardize a critical strategic relationship .
Only after the vote did the Chief of Staff publicly endorse the original proposal to bring in American troops .
As America establishes itself in Iraq , Turkey 's geopolitical military significance may decline .
Yet the declared American aim of building a Muslim democracy in Iraq will only enhance Turkey 's symbolic importance as a role model .
In the days following the attacks in Istanbul , Turks across the board condemned this brutal violence : there was no -LRB- or only negligible -RRB- blame-the-victim sentiment toward Turkish Jews -LRB- or toward Israel -RRB- or toward the British and Americans , whose war in Iraq is extremely unpopular in Turkey .
As we face the type of turning-point decisions not seen since the darkest days of the 1930 's , can we avoid such an outcome ?
Randomized trials ultimately showed no benefit , and a clear increase in breast cancer and vascular blood clots .
The reason that not-for-profit providers can achieve higher quality care with better health outcomes at lower cost is evident .
These additional costs mean that approximately 20 % of the total income that not-for-profit providers can devote to patient care is unavailable .
A Less-is-More Growth Strategy for Africa REYKJAVIK -- If African countries were to adopt only one policy to boost economic growth and improve macroeconomic stability , they should reduce the number of currencies in circulation across the continent as quickly as possible .
The African Union is now aiming at pooling all the continent 's currencies into a single currency by 2028 .
The premier and oldest of these unions is composed of the fourteen countries that belong to the Economic and Monetary Community of Central Africa and the West African Economic and Monetary Union , which both use the CFA franc .
The second of these unions is composed of Lesotho , Namibia , Swaziland , and now Zimbabwe , all of which use the South African rand .
In view of this experience , Nigeria now plans to abolish the naira in favor of joining a monetary union with four or five other West African countries -LRB- The Gambia , Ghana , Guinea , Sierra Leone , and perhaps Liberia -RRB- .
When the West African Monetary Zone finally is established , the number of currencies in Africa will equal about half the number of countries .
And when the East African Community with its five members -LRB- Burundi , Kenya , Rwanda , Tanzania , and Uganda -RRB- re-emerges as scheduled , the number of currencies will be reduced by another four .
If properly targeted and conditioned on reforms , international aid can make a positive difference .
The fact that so many problems persist despite tens of billions of dollars of assistance and years of effort is a sad reminder that aid can allow governments to undertake foolish investments that accomplish little , or can easily be siphoned off by corrupt officials .
Moreover , aid is inherently uncertain , leaving Africans at the mercy of outside forces beyond their control .
Trade is the all-but-forgotten weapon in the battle against poverty , but it can provide more help to the poor than aid can .
One recent study estimates that incomes in the US alone could rise by $ 500 billion a year if global trade were to become truly free . Similarly , incomes around the world would rise significantly from liberalizing more global trade in both goods and services .
At the same time , increased trade can help create and sustain a middle class -- precisely the social group that often stands at the forefront of movements for democratic reform .
Highly motivated minorities can and do overwhelm the general interests of majorities who are not seized with an issue .
Governments can take these steps if they introduce and expand programs designed to assist those who would lose their jobs as a result of trade liberalization .
There are limits to what Russia can accomplish in the world in any positive sense , although its capacity to be a spoiler or create problems is considerable .
Decisions made in Moscow can affect world energy prices , the future of the Iranian and North Korean nuclear programs , and the success of terrorists .
High energy prices are a boon to Russia 's economy , but , as is often the case in the Middle East and other oil - and gas-rich regions , they can be a burden as well , feeding corruption and discouraging real economic activity .
The outside world can and should support the strengthening of civil society , independent media , and a true transfer of political power in 2008 .
Amid all the attention being devoted to China and the potential for competition or even conflict with the US , it should not be forgotten that Russia 's future hangs in the balance , for history suggests that declining powers can pose as great a challenge to world order as rising ones .
States would be wise to weaken sovereignty in order to protect themselves , because they can not insulate themselves from what goes on elsewhere .
This was demonstrated by the American and world reaction to terrorism .
This reflects not simply scruples , but a view that state failure and genocide can lead to destabilizing refugee flows and create openings for terrorists to take root .
Five years may be too short a period for historians to judge the full significance of the event , but it does offer an opportunity to take stock .
The odds also favor terrorists , in that one success can compensate for multiple failures .
Individuals growing up in mature democracies such as the United Kingdom can still become alienated and radicalized .
Terrorism can now be carried out with boxcutters and airplanes as easily as with explosives .
Terrorism can not be defeated by arms alone .
This translates into the United States and others spelling out the gains Palestinians can expect in a peace agreement with Israel and what Sunnis and Shia can reasonably expect in Iraq 's new political order .
Such a counter-terrorism policy will not eliminate the scourge of terrorism any more than modern medicine can eliminate disease .
He can not command .
The UN is comprised of sovereign states , but it is not sovereign itself and can not act as if it were .
When they are willing and able to do so , the UN can make a difference ; when they are not , the UN can act in only the most limited way , if at all , regardless of what the Secretary General wants .
Ban can not simply reform the Security Council to reflect better the realities of this era .
But he can make the case that countries such as Japan , India , Germany , and others deserve an enhanced position in the UN 's most important body , one more commensurate with their power and status .
Again , what is holding the UN back is not the UN itself , but its leading members , who can not agree on what change is needed .
Ban can also make the case that there is no justification in today 's world for terror -- defined here as the intentional harming of civilians for political purposes .
But providing incentives for governments to maintain such forces at a high level of alert and setting standards for equipment , training , and professionalism is something the UN can and should do .
What Ban chooses to say , and how and where he says it , can enhance his influence .
Opinion polls indicate a good deal of support among the American public for the UN . But there is also intense distrust of the UN among segments of the public and with certain elites .
The US needs and benefits from effective multilateralism in a global world , one in which challenges can not be met by any single country acting by itself .
Trade and investment flows can and should be expanded , which is likely only if political relations improve .
Iraq : More than an American Problem
Iraq : More than an American Problem Many people around the world are indulging in what the Germans call `` schadenfreude '' : pleasure at the suffering of others .
For some , it was the decision to go to war in Iraq ; for others , it was Guantánamo and the perceived double standards of American justice .
The result is that anti-Americanism has grown in both reach and intensity .
Expressions of anti-Americanism will provide no protection or immunity to governments or individuals who for good reason are not prepared to endorse the terrorists ' radical agendas .
Doing so would require significant investment , which in turn would require international confidence in Iraq 's future stability .
There is a real danger that a widely-perceived failure in Iraq could lead to a serious weakening of American domestic political support for an active international role , particularly difficult but necessary deployments of military force .
This suggests , first , that governments should avoid public comments describing the American presence as an occupation or as lacking legitimacy , lest they make it more likely that the US departs Iraq entirely and leaves the country and its people to a terrible fate .
Here , and elsewhere , the US will need to take the lead ; the parties can not be expected to reach consensus by themselves .
Third , diplomacy can not survive , much less thrive , amidst a deterioration of the day-to-day circumstances on the ground .
Fifth , the Palestinian leadership can not be expected to take risks for peace without political protection .
As America 's primaries move beyond Iowa and New Hampshire , it is simply impossible to predict who will be the Democratic and Republican nominees , much less who will become the 44th president of the United States .
But it is not too soon to address the question of what effect US foreign policy is having on the campaign and what it reveals about how Americans see the world .
Although Iraq still matters a lot to Americans , its importance for determining how they vote has receded , partly because US casualties there are markedly down as the security situation appears to be gradually improving .
A third reason for the modest impact of international issues on voters ' choice of the next president is another surprising development : more agreement between and among the leading candidates than meets the eye .
The greatest crisis facing many Americans is their increasing inability to meet their monthly mortgage payments .
Recession , job loss , and expensive oil , not war , is what Americans fear most for 2008 .
Along with the economy , a dominant issue on the political agenda -- and one that has affected Republican politics in particular -- is immigration .
A desire for `` change '' is a common refrain of the American debate , but it is far from the only one .
Democratic and Republican candidates alike were called upon to explain what they would be prepared to do if there were an opportunity to capture Osama Bin Laden or a need to secure Pakistan 's nuclear weapons .
In the meantime , though , foreign policy will have only an indirect influence on Americans ' choice .
A twentieth century dominated first by a few states , then , during the Cold War , by two states , and finally by American preeminence at the Cold War 's end , has given way to a twenty-first century dominated by no one .
And , third , American foreign policy has accelerated the relative decline of the United States vis-à-vis others .
A great deal can and should be done to shape the non-polar world .
But this is a loser 's game unless something can be done to reduce recruitment .
Trade also can be a powerful force in a non-polar world by giving states a stake in avoiding conflict , generating greater wealth , and strengthening the foundations of domestic political order -- thereby decreasing the chance of state failure as well .
Several prominent American politicians have voiced support for a boycott . Still other heads of state , including French President Sarkozy , are weighing staying away .
In Sudan , China supported a UN Security Council resolution establishing an international operation and committed 315 engineers to the UN-African Union force .
Communism and socialism do not command public support as they once did . Materialism and consumerism can not be a substitute for political and religious freedoms , which remain severely constrained .
Outsiders can and should make their views known , but mostly in private and without saying and doing things likely to stimulate the very nationalism we want to discourage .
What to Expect From the 44th President NEW YORK -- Campaigns , be they political or military , are waged to be won , and the current American presidential campaign is no exception .
The Democratic and Republican candidates are doing all they can to distinguish themselves from an unpopular incumbent president and from one another in the remaining weeks before Americans vote .
Consider Iraq , the most divisive issue in American politics for the past five years .
We are entering the post-Iraq era of American foreign policy .
Where the two candidates differ is on the timing and pace of this drawdown , not on its general direction .
But whoever is elected will confront difficult choices if a nuclear-armed Pakistan remains unable or unwilling to act as an American partner and meet its responsibilities in the effort against terrorism .
Both candidates have stressed that an Iran with nuclear weapons would be unacceptable .
The candidates ' statements on Iran do suggest two different philosophies of diplomacy .
On other issues , such as trade , there are distinctions between the candidates .
Difficult economic times will make it hard to generate support for trade pacts , despite the current importance of export-oriented firms for the American economy .
There are real and important differences between the two candidates when it comes to how they would approach the world .
Still , one path for the new American administration would be to adopt the `` North Korea '' option and live with the threat .
The Iranian people may well choose leaders in their June 2009 elections who can deliver a much higher standard of living over those who would run the country into the ground .
The Obama Surprise NEW YORK -- The high hopes surrounding Barack Obama 's presidency are mostly a good thing , as they remind us that much of the anti-American sentiment that is so apparent around the world is not and need not be permanent .
The most obvious limitation stems from the state of the American economy .
The era of American unipolarity is over .
And since Obama will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests -- and pressure -- that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
The Return of American Realism
The Return of American Realism NEW YORK -- There are many recurring debates in American foreign policy -- for example , isolationism versus internationalism , and unilateralism versus multilateralism .
But no debate is more persistent than that between those who believe that American foreign policy 's principal purpose should be to influence the external behavior of other states and those who hold that it should be to shape their internal nature .
It was , of course , his father , George H.W. Bush , who was a strong representative of the alternative , `` realist '' approach to American foreign policy .
Much of this debate can be viewed through the lens of American involvement with Iraq .
Mature democracies do tend to act more responsibly , but immature democracies can easily succumb to populism and nationalism .
Today , the US and authoritarian China have mutually beneficial trade and financial ties , and have shown on occasion that they can work together on strategic issues , for example in shaping North Korea 's behavior .
This is not to say that promoting democracy will have no role in American foreign policy .
The United States , for one , will not accept ceilings that reduce its greenhouse-gas emissions significantly if it means accepting higher costs and taxes that risk slowing economic recovery .
Four hundred million Indians still lack electricity ; India can not be expected to rule out greater use of coal if that proves to be the best way to produce electricity for one-third of its citizens .
Regulatory policy can increase the efficiency of appliances , housing , and machinery .
Smaller steps , however , can and should be taken .
All three phases can be identified , and all three triggered intense debate .
The goal should be to limit what they can accomplish in the short term ; to get them to change their policies in the medium term ; and to set in motion forces that will bring about new and fundamentally different governments and societies in the long term .
What was accomplished in Iraq -- and , more importantly , what the Iraqi people will now accomplish with American help -- will determine the future of one of the Middle East 's key countries .
Security is the absolute precondition for sustainable recovery from conflict ; without it , people can not rebuild their country or return to school or work .
Over the longer term , we must help Iraqis rebuild their police and military forces so that they can provide their own safety and security without threatening anyone .
The international community can realize this goal if it is prepared to stay the course and work with Iraqis until the fundamentals of a democratic society take hold .
The task now is to persuade Palestinians and Israelis to begin the process , to start taking steps to improve the situation on the ground so that they can tackle more far_reaching matters at the negotiating table .
Terrorists can not be allowed to forever frustrate the search for peace .
That American unipolar moment has given way to a world better described as non-polar , in which power is widely distributed among nearly 200 states and tens of thousands of non-state actors ranging from Al Qaeda to Al Jazeera and from Goldman Sachs to the United Nations .
While the US remains the world 's most powerful single country , it can not maintain , much less expand , international peace and prosperity on its own .
Moreover , contemporary problems -- for example , thwarting the spread of materials and weapons of mass destruction , maintaining an open world economy , slowing climate change , and combating terrorism -- can not be managed , much less solved , by any single country .
Rising powers can neither insulate nor isolate themselves from what happens beyond their borders .
Consider China , by many measures the most significant emerging country .
The US must do so as well . While much has been said and written about America 's call for China to become a global stakeholder , China will not simply sign on as a pillar of an American-defined world .
So the question naturally arises : what can we learn from the first Iraq war , one widely judged as a military and diplomatic success ?
But , regardless of one 's position on these questions , it can not be disputed that replacing a government with something better and lasting is a different and much more ambitious goal than changing a government 's behavior .
Another set of lessons from the first Iraq war -LRB- and the second as well -RRB- suggests a limit to what can be expected from economic sanctions .
Multilateral backing can help sustain domestic approval , or at least tolerance , in the US and other countries , including the one where the hostilities are taking place .
No one can predict or assume what a limited attack on Iran 's nuclear installations would accomplish , cost , or lead to .
American Foreign Policy After the Mid-Term Elections
NEW YORK -- Few Americans cast their ballot in the recent mid-term elections on the basis of foreign policy .
Most Americans are , after all , preoccupied with the US economy 's sluggish growth and persistent high unemployment .
Most Americans do not feel the sacrifices associated with the large troop presence and ongoing conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq .
One relationship sure to be influenced by Republican gains will be that between the US and Russia .
Quick or easy Senate approval of the New START arms-control treaty is highly unlikely , given stated concerns about verification and the protection of US missile-defense programs ; instead , we can expect delays and , possibly , attempts to amend what the two governments already agreed upon .
One can anticipate the Republicans , now in control of the House of Representatives , exploiting their ability to convene hearings to question and review foreign policy .
Depending on how this power is used -LRB- or abused -RRB- , it can be beneficial -LRB- exercising needed oversight and increasing the transparency of policy and policy-making -RRB- or destructive -LRB- if , for example , hearings degenerate into politically motivated attacks on administration officials and policies -RRB- .
In many other areas , continuity can be expected to trump change .
-LRB- Republicans , however will argue for putting less pressure on Israel to compromise and more pressure on Iran . -RRB- But he can expect considerable backing from Republicans if he wants to maintain a sizeable US military presence in Afghanistan beyond this July , or a modest military presence in Iraq beyond the end of 2011 .
Republicans have historically been more supportive of such bilateral free-trade agreements .
But will the new generation of Republicans continue this tradition ?
There is a fair chance that one or more of these bilateral accords will be approved -LRB- in part because the Obama administration seems finally to have recognized that trade can generate good jobs -RRB- , but it is far less certain that the president will gain the authority needed to negotiate a new global trade deal .
Failure to address the deficit -LRB- and the mounting debt -RRB- will create pressures to reduce what the US spends on foreign aid , intelligence , and defense -- although Republicans are more likely than Democrats to protect such spending -LRB- except for foreign aid -RRB- .
A dollar crisis could weaken the foundations of American power .
But averting such a crisis requires that the White House and Congress , Democrats and Republicans , agree on a plan for moving the US budget toward balance .
NEW YORK -- For nearly a decade , American foreign policy has been dominated by the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Iraq , the second most expensive `` war of choice '' -LRB- after Vietnam -RRB- in American history , is for the United States reaching a level of effort that will no longer absorb substantial military and economic resources or garner significant domestic political attention .
Eight years , 4,300 lost American lives , and more than a trillion dollars later , it will be , for better or worse , mostly Iraqis who determine their country 's future .
In short , conditions in Iraq , while significantly better than five years ago , are more likely to deteriorate than improve .
But it will be only the beginning of an extended , gradual process of American military reduction , one that looks like it will take four years -- and quite possibly longer .
Nevertheless , the decisions to scale back American involvement decisively in Iraq , and gradually in Afghanistan , will ultimately have significant consequences for the US -- many of them welcome .
Neither soldiers nor equipment can sustain the performance that has been demanded of them .
There is now an opportunity to reorient American foreign policy to concentrate on what matters most .
Indeed , social media are a significant factor , but their role has been exaggerated .
And like these earlier technologies , social media are not decisive : they can be repressed by governments as well as employed by governments to motivate their supporters .
Mubarak 's departure is a significant but not decisive development .
The history and political culture of Egypt suggest a natural limit to the Brotherhood 's appeal if Egyptians can bridge their most important differences , maintain order , and restore economic growth .
Outsiders can assist -- for example , with ideas for constitutional reform or voting procedures -- but this should be done privately and as suggestions , not demands .
NEW YORK -- The killing of Osama bin Laden by United States special forces constitutes a significant victory over global terrorism .
The significance of what was accomplished stems in part from Bin Laden 's symbolic importance .
The best parallel that I can think of when it comes to understanding terrorism and how to deal with it is disease .
There are steps that can and should be taken to attack or neutralize certain types of viruses or bacteria ; to reduce vulnerability to infection ; and to reduce the consequences of infection if , despite all of our efforts , we become ill .
Disease is not something that can be eliminated , but often it can be managed .
As we have recently witnessed , terrorists can be attacked and stopped before they can cause harm ; individuals and countries can be defended ; and societies can take steps to bolster their resilience when they are successfully attacked , as on occasion they inevitably will be .
These elements of a comprehensive counter-terrorism strategy can reduce the threat to manageable , or at least tolerable , levels .
The outside world can and should continue to provide assistance to help Pakistan acquire the strength and skills required to tackle modern-day terrorists .
But no amount of external assistance can compensate for a lack of motivation and commitment .
There will be Pakistanis who protest against the recent American military action , arguing that it violated Pakistan 's sovereignty .
In a matter of hours , more than 3,000 innocent people , mostly Americans , but also people from 115 other countries , had their lives suddenly and violently taken from them .
They can destroy but not create .
International cooperation has increased markedly , in part because governments that can not agree on many things can agree on the need to cooperate in this area .
Drones -- unmanned aircraft that are remotely steered -- have proven to be effective in killing a significant number of terrorists , including many of the most important leaders .
Weak governments can be made stronger ; governments that tolerate or support terrorism must be held accountable .
Terrorists and terrorism can not be eliminated any more than we can rid the world of disease .
The Internet , one of the great inventions of the modern Western world , has shown itself to be a weapon that can be used to incite and train those who wish to cause harm to that world .
Helping to make societies in the Middle East and elsewhere more democratic might reduce the alienation that can lead to radicalism and worse , but this is easier said than done .
Something akin to this mistake has befallen American foreign policy .
Indeed , a quiet transformation is taking place in American foreign policy , one that is as significant as it is overdue .
But , with the end of the Cold War and the demise of the Soviet Union , Asia receded from American interest .
American policymakers focused primarily on enlarging NATO to encompass many of the former Warsaw Pact countries , and on contending with the post-Yugoslav wars .
What followed was a decade of US focus on terrorism and the large-scale commitment of American military forces to Iraq and Afghanistan .
The two conflicts have claimed more than 6,000 American lives , cost more than $ 1 trillion , and consumed countless hours for two presidents and their senior staff .
But now this phase of American foreign policy is ending .
There is also the unique American tie to Israel .
American companies export more than $ 300 billion in goods and services to countries in the region each year .
Mitt Romney , the likely Republican nominee for president , pledges to increase the rate of shipbuilding -- a commitment linked to an increased US presence in the Pacific .
Regardless of whether the twenty-first century will be another `` American century , '' it is certain that it will be an Asian and Pacific century .
The Arab world faces serious problems that can only be met by more flexible , democratic political systems .
Neither freedom nor prosperity can develop in such conditions .
Muslims can not blame the United States for their lack of democracy . Still , America does play a large role on the world stage ; and in many parts of the Muslim world , particularly in the Arab world , successive US administrations -- Republican and Democratic alike -- have not made democratization a priority .
Iran , Romania , and Liberia illustrate that rigid authoritarian systems can not withstand the shocks of social , political , or economic change , especially at the pace that characterizes today 's world .
President Bush also made clear that Americans had learned from the past .
`` Sixty years of Western nations excusing and accommodating the lack of freedom in the Middle East did nothing to make us safe -- because , in the long run , stability can not be purchased at the expense of liberty .
Many models of democracy exist ; and some models can not be exported .
Until such a balance exists , elections can threaten freedom by concentrating too much authority in one person or body without providing adequate checks and balances , including independent media .
No country can succeed if it denies itself the talents of half of its people .
True , democracy can only be built and maintained from within , by a country 's people and leaders .
Outsiders , however , can and should help .
Radicals can count on support from no more than 1 % of the population .
The difference between Muslim conservatives and reformists can be measured in two ways : their stance on the possibility of making personal judgments on religious matters -LRB- known in religious terms as `` diligence '' -RRB- and their attitude towards non-Muslims . Conservatives believe that the revealed law was settled during the glorious days of Islam , and that individual interpretation should therefore be restricted .
But this can not be the whole explanation , because a similar radicalization is occurring within German 's left , where the alliance of the post-communist PDS -- still powerful in the Länder of what was East Germany -- and SPD dissidents led by Oskar Lafontaine promotes equally radical proposals .
But it is a fundamental characteristic of utopias that they can not be implemented .
But such debates can be fruitful only if they recognize the economic and political constraints under which modern states operate .
But the three main candidates this time around -- Nicolas Sarkozy , Ségolène Royal , and François Bayrou -- have given an entirely different shape to this campaign .
In this view , national identity , is a `` spiritual concept '' based on a common history and set of values . Some of these values are rooted in a kind of secular Christianity , and others in the Enlightenment 's revolutionary beliefs about human rights , equality , the French language , secular schooling , and the idea that the state is responsible for the common interest and application of republican principles .
The identity crisis now roiling France is fueled by the conjunction of many factors : globalization , which produces uncertainty , the European Union , which curtails the freedom of national leaders , American strategic dominance , which has reduced France 's position in the world , and the rising Asian powers .
In the United States , a country of huge immigration , communities can bring together a strong cultural identity and a deeply engrained patriotism .
Everywhere you look , from Buffalo to Beijing , you can see ballooning bellies .
The number-one component of any fertilizer is nitrogen , and the first of the two German researchers , Fritz Haber , discovered how to work the dangerous , complex chemistry needed to pull nitrogen out of the atmosphere -- where it is abundant but useless for fertilizer -- and turn it into a substance that can grow plants .
Goldman Sachs is bullish , believing that the bank can record 17 % loan growth this year , a 20-basis-point improvement in margins , and significant growth in fee income .
Now , the largest banks are claiming significant increases in non-performing property loans , while the glut of new industrial capacity implies that some firms may not have adequate profits to service their debts .
The Netherlands , which is popularly believed to have legalized cannabis use along these lines , has in fact tolerated only small-scale retail sales of marijuana in a limited number of coffee shops in its larger cities .
Nevertheless , some broad predictions can be made .
It is uncertain how far these adverse effects can be mitigated by preventive measures such as implementing roadside drug-testing programs , persuading users to use vaporizers rather than smoke joints , discouraging young people from using marijuana , and encouraging early treatment for problem users .
If they vote for legalization , it will probably be 20 years or more before anyone can say whether , on balance , they decided wisely .
Recall the beginnings of the crisis : the British bank Northern Rock , for example , is now seen as a notorious example of how poor communication and information sharing among just three national authorities can easily make matters worse .
How this can be reconciled with pan-European regulation is hard to say .
By contrast , banks and others can use European `` passports '' to provide financial services -- which do have significant public-finance implications -- throughout the EU .
This is why one can hear many voices opposing the idea of a harmonized EU-wide bank levy or tax .
Recently , it almost looked as if the EU had finally come to understand that , given a lack of will , no pact -- however commendable its purpose -- can ensure sound fiscal policies .
For example , the inspectors found a dozen chemical weapons warheads in mint condition in a relatively new warehouse , but minimized the significance of their discovery by arguing that the warheads were empty .
The EU can not let Cyprus stew in its own juice , not least because as a member state the island is proving an uncomfortable bedfellow .
While the EU must be present , it can not be a neutral mediator , since Greece and Cyprus are both members .
This is probably because most of those inconvenienced by preliminary counter-terrorism measures in the US are Arab-Americans , while the broader American community has not been bothered .
These and other questions go to the very nature of democracy and the values of the American Republic .
But sometimes we also hear the populist smears that have been applied to the Middle East for so long that nothing , it seems -- no amount of extraordinary change -- can silence them .
But today , in Amman , as in almost every Arab capital , independent meetings and debates about how to move forward are taking place in art galleries , think tanks , salons , ordinary households , and , most significantly , online .
No matter how influential new media have been , they can not replace the need for a region-wide `` manifesto for change '' that all who seek freedom can embrace .
Cyber-activism has its limits ; it can not , in the end , deliver either democracy or prosperity .
The battle being fought for the soul of the Middle East can not be won online , nor can it be subdued through the cynical manipulation of trust and fear .
Moreover , all three were met with delight by American neo-conservatives and other hawks who see their Europhobe , and especially Francophobe , instincts confirmed .
The neo-cons are also gleeful as they suspect that the road towards `` regime change '' in Iran may opened , because , with a hardliner as president , American and Western opinion may now find subversion or military strikes much more palatable .
The poorer , more economically insecure , and less educated a voter , the more likely he or she is to have voted against the proposed constitution in France and Holland , and for the Islamist candidate Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in Iran .
The significance of these similarities for the future of peace and democracy is far from clear .
It can not be good for America if liberalism -LRB- in the original sense of political and economic freedom -RRB- becomes as much a dirty word in Europe or in the Middle East as `` liberalism '' in the American sense is nowadays for the American right .
The vibrant pro-Western , pro-American , and anti-mullah society , on which American and European hopes relied , undoubtedly exists , but mostly among the educated and urban middle class .
This majority will never rise in support of an American-organized coup or surgical strikes .
The spectacular social and political polarization that these three elections expose can be seen as a revival of class-struggle politics , and of communist-style aspirations , if not Leninist doctrine .
To be sure , President-elect Ahmadinejad is more reminiscent of Latin American populists like Hugo Chavez or Juan Peron , mobilizing the `` descamisados '' against the rich and practicing resource nationalism , than of Lenin or even Castro .
It can be red or green , but also black or brown . It can be clothed in religious garb , Islamic or Protestant , so long as it is fundamentalist and Manichean .
It can act against evil in the name of God , or of the people , or of the nation .
We know these creatures ' apotheosis , Dracula , as a vampire from Transylvania , a bat-like person with long canine teeth who lies in a coffin during the day and bites necks and drinks blood for sustenance .
Paraphrasing Katherine Hepburn in the movie The African Queen , religion allows us to rise above wicked old Mother Nature , handing us a moral compass .
One problem is that we can not , without lapsing into tautology , simultaneously say that God is good , and that he gave us our sense of good and bad .
In fact , these elements extend even to cultures like China , where religion is less significant than philosophical outlooks like Confucianism .
A railroad worker is standing next to a switch that can turn the boxcar onto a side track , killing one person , but allowing the five to survive .
But there were no statistically significant differences between subjects with or without religious backgrounds , with approximately 90 % of subjects saying that it is permissible to flip the switch on the boxcar , 97 % saying that it is obligatory to rescue the baby , and 97 % saying that is forbidden to remove the healthy man 's organs .
When asked to justify why some cases are permissible and others forbidden , subjects are either clueless or offer explanations that can not account for the relevant differences .
In this respect , it is important for us to be aware of the universal set of moral intuitions so that we can reflect on them and , if we choose , act contrary to them .
We can do this without blasphemy , because it is our own nature , not God , that is the source of our morality .
When , despite sound public finances , the Mexican crisis erupted in 1994 , the blame was shifted to low and declining domestic savings .
Both probably consist of feelings that a community can only be its true self when it can be so without hindrance -- in essence , when a community can decide its own fate .
Both are allegedly endangered : by an EU that wishes to assimilate `` us '' as much as possible ; by the European Commission with its standards ; by NATO , the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank ; by the United Nations ; by foreign capital ; by Western ideologies ; by Eastern mafias ; by American influence ; by Asian or African immigration ; and by God knows what else .
Who -- quite inconspicuously -- is leading us to become ever more hardened in our sensibilities and toward becoming increasingly accustomed to the fact that everyone can lie about everything and anything ?
But it is also true that nobody can force anyone to take that course .
This can change only if the new ruling forces in Russia opt for realism rather than populism ; choose to nurture common sense rather than nationalist passions ; to look for friends rather than for enemies ; and to build an open democratic society rather than cling to Soviet-era resentments .
But is friendship imaginable without candor ?
While many other countries now also profess these values , they belong to other geographical areas and therefore -- if only for this purely external reason -- can not be considered part of the West .
No single geographical and cultural territory can be considered a priori better than any other once and for all , or as a matter of principle .
The time of the domination of the white man , the European , the American or the Christian over the entire globe is over .
They have lost faith that they can really influence political developments , much less influence the direction in which our civilization is evolving .
We were already certain then that if democracy is emptied of values and reduced to a competition of political parties that have `` guaranteed '' solutions to everything , it can be quite undemocratic .
All of its miracles , as well as its terrifying contradictions , can be explained as consequences of an ethos that is initially European .
I can not recall any occasion at that time when the West or any of its organizations -LRB- NATO , the European Community , etc. -RRB- issued some public appeal , recommendation , or edict stating that some specific group of independently-minded people -- however defined -- were not to be invited to diplomatic parties , celebrations , or receptions .
I can hardly think of a better way for the EU to dishonor the noble ideals of freedom , equality , and human rights that the Union espouses -- indeed , principles that it reiterates in its constitutional agreement .
Then , for some unknown reason , it could make its assistance to Africa conditional on fraternal ties with the worst African dictators .
Indeed , this could be the best contribution they can make to the common spiritual , moral , and political foundations of a united Europe .
This is understandable : the communist justice system was manipulated to serve the regime , and thousands of judges can not be replaced overnight .
But in principle , Ukraine can succeed as well .
Respected organizations like Reporters without Borders and Amnesty International have collected ample evidence of violence and intimidation against freethinking Cubans , who can expect a different kind of ring than that from jangling keys .
However , thousands of former political prisoners in central and eastern Europe can attest to the fact that a kick from a secret policeman on the street hurts just as much as a kick from a warden behind prison gates .
On a daily basis , at a great many international and scholarly conferences all over the world , we can hear learned debates about human rights and emotional proclamations in their defense .
For dozens of years , the international community has been arguing over how it should reform the United Nations so that it can better secure civic and human dignity in the face of conflicts such as those now taking place in Burma or Darfur , Sudan .
How else can they explain it than as a complete confirmation of the status quo and of their own ability to act with impunity ?
To speak of the conditions of human rights therefore can not be in violation of the Olympic Charter .
We are concerned that the Beijing Olympics might simply become a giant spectacle to distract the attention of the international public from the violations of human and civil rights in China and in other countries with the Chinese government 's significant influence .
Although force sometimes has its uses , a stable and lasting peace can be delivered only by an integrative , compromise solution .
This diversion of the energy of war can take place at any stage of the cycle of escalation , but if preventive peace building is not launched at the first sign of trouble , and problems remain unaddressed as the conflict intensifies -LRB- especially if it turns violent -RRB- , some type of intervention will be needed .
Only then can conciliation , mediation , negotiation , arbitration , and collaborative problem-solving processes establish themselves .
In the end , reconstruction and reconciliation are the only viable means to bring stability , since it can not be imposed .
An international protectorate for the area to protect the Palestinians from their own more dangerous elements , the Palestinians from the Israelis , and perhaps even the Israelis from themselves , has been proposed , but has received scant acknowledgement .
It is this lack of a coordinated attempt to structure an agreement between Israelis and Palestinians -- a structure based on an inclusive , interdisciplinary , and systemic approach that can shift the variables and lead to a peace that both peoples regard as equal and fair -- that most concerns those of us who work in international crisis resolution .
The Palestinians of Gaza -- indeed , all those across the region who lead blighted lives without hope -- can not wait for new administrations or international institutions to act .
Time and again , Europe paid a high price for policies of compromises with evil that were dictated by economic interests or the illusion that evil can be appeased and will disappear of its own accord .
In working to promote human rights , political reform , and democratization in China , Liu has made a significant contribution to the values of peace and fraternity among nations that Nobel had in mind when he created the award more than a century ago .
Indeed , such solidarity , when expressed at times like this , can engender feelings of gratitude and trust that can last for generations .
Indeed , to cooperate in this way will require the emergence of a new global civil society , whose foundation can be built only with the type of international solidarity that Japan needs now .
Donations can be made online through the Nippon Foundation Web site .
It is our hope that all of us will reach out to this disaster 's victims with our whole hearts , and give , through the Nippon Foundation 's fund or through any other respected and recognized humanitarian organization , whatever we can to enable Japan 's thousands of victims to recover the simple dignity of normal life .
PRAGUE -- Since the election of President Viktor Yanukovych in 2010 , Ukraine has experienced a significant and alarming deterioration in its democratic framework .
At the very least , the EU should demand that Tymoshenko and the other opposition leaders are set free on bail so that they can more vigorously defend themselves in court .
At the same time , the prince has cannily used deeply rooted cultural and religions norms to pressure Al-Qaeda 's recruits to give up violence .
For example , he offers significant financial inducements to individual jihadis , as well as their families , in return for political obedience .
There is certainly a degree of envy for what others have accomplished and a sense of desperation about how Al Qaeda can capitalize on this change .
In the absence of strong national institutions , change in these countries risks significant bloodshed .
King Abdullah pledged large numbers of new housing units , an important gesture in a country where young people , especially young married couples , can not easily access the housing market .
In developed countries , breast cancer affects about one in ten women , and in many of these countries the disease is on the increase .
But , whatever the reason -LRB- or reasons -RRB- for the rise in their occurrence , we also know that between 5 % and 10 % of breast cancers are due to an inherited defect that affects the BRCA1 or BRCA2 genes .
Women carrying a mutated BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene have roughly an 80 % risk of developing breast cancer .
As a result , many women with a high level of mutated BRCA1 or BRCA2 genes face the tragic choice of having their breasts and ovaries surgically removed to pre-empt cancer .
Both research teams describe how the use of a chemical inhibitor can kill tumor cells that have either a BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene defect causing hereditary breast cancer .
The discovery could also work to prevent hereditary breast cancer cells from growing into tumors .
The normal cells of women carrying the BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutations can still recombine , because they retain one functional allele -- or alternative form -- of the gene .
In our research , we exploit this requirement to specifically target the BRCA1 or BRCA2-defective cancer cells with inhibitors of PARP .
We have shown that PARP inhibitors are effective at killing BRCA2-defective breast cancer cells , and that the tumors they cause can fully regress and disappear following treatment with a PARP inhibitor .
Therefore , we suggest that PARP inhibitors might be more useful in the prophylactic treatment of women carrying the gene responsible for this form of inherited breast cancer .
This means that early cancerous cells should be sensitive to PARP inhibitors .
Treating women carrying BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutations with PARP inhibitors to kill cancer cells before they grow into tumors is a new and hopeful concept in cancer prevention .
It will also take longer to validate a PARP inhibitor for use as a prophylactic treatment , because the treatment can not be proven effective in a short time .
Thus , while the use of PARP inhibitors to treat established tumors may be feasible within a few years , we could have to wait at least a decade before a prophylactic treatment for inherited breast cancer is widely available .
Recession and depression can lead to exclusion and , at worst , persecution of societies ' most vulnerable groups .
Some American civil rights lawyers , out of natural deference to the United States Constitution 's First Amendment were , however , reluctant to sign up to this principle unless it was qualified by a reference to the threat of `` imminent '' violence .
Despite the seeming power of Germanys postwar Chancellors , the countrys political system can only be administered ; governance in the sense of addressing fundamental problems by enacting far-reaching reforms is usually impossible .
In domestic affairs , no German government can avoid the Bundestags powerful committees and commissions , or force them to behave as the government wishes .
The Bundestag Barons the long serving MPs who rule the legislative committees and enjoy enormous clout within their parties can not shape politics against the governments will , but they can impede almost everything .
Unlike the American President , who may seek votes to support his policies even from the opposing party in Congress , a German Chancellor promises not to govern by seeking the votes of opposition party members .
As a result , all legislation can be threatened by the oppositions veto , blocking any reform that harms the opposition 's constituents .
In short , the parliamentary barons of the governing party buttressed by the ban on seeking opposition support can sabotage legislative projects they dont like .
References to it can be found on clay tablets from the royal library of Nineveh and Babylon , dating from before the sixth century BC , as well as in a collection of Chinese legends ascribed to Lieh Tzu dating from the fifth century BC .
With more than a thousand points still to be agreed , all the policymakers I 've spoken to recently say that they can not see how a meaningful deal can be reached by December in Copenhagen .
Although cuts in CO2 emissions and agreement on funding and finance are necessary goals , the geopolitical reality is that climate change can not be decoupled from trade or discussions on exchange rates , the IMF , reform of the UN , and so on . There is a quid pro quo that no one explicitly talks about but which must be addressed : trade-offs between these negotiations , not just within them .
Widening the scope of the next round of negotiations so that much more can be used as bargaining chips would make the job of the negotiators considerably harder .
According to the American scientist who was invited to see it , the facility , in contrast to the regime 's aging plutonium technology , appeared to be state-of-the-art , thus reinforcing the suspicion that North Korea has no genuine interest whatsoever in fulfilling its nuclear-disarmament responsibilities .
No one dreamed that a line drawn on the 38th parallel for the tactical purpose of organizing the surrender of Japanese units to Soviet and American forces would become a scar across the Korean peninsula that would create two separate states .
In the coming weeks , South Korea 's government will confront one of the toughest choices that any government can face : whether the short-term cost in human lives is worth the potential long-term benefits -LRB- also in terms of human lives -RRB- that a famine-induced collapse of North Korea could bring .
These are , indeed , delicate and changing times for the United States , especially at a time when Americans expect their president to be the `` emoter '' in chief .
Second , Americans often pride themselves on taking a transactional approach to the world .
Accurate analysis of what is taking place on the ground is essential , but this can prove difficult in an echo chamber of globalized cultural icons .
While many Americans would like to think that the battle lines have been drawn between Tweeters and non-Tweeters , between those on Facebook and those without profiles , it is more likely that some other identities account for what is happening .
In other countries , of course , the outcome might be much more promising -LRB- The American Revolution , Eastern Europe in 1989 -RRB- .
The US -- now in the ninth year of an engagement that has cost it more than $ 1 trillion , with thousands of American and Iraqi lives lost -- would have done well to understand those processes with equal thoroughness .
There is a considerable gap between offers of advice one can not refuse and the responsibility to deal with the consequences when that advice proves wrong or extremely difficult to implement .
How can we help ensure these movements ' sustainability in such fluid moments ?
In fact , there is a large body of literature that indicates that even countries in the aftermath of internal conflict can reach a higher level of compliance with these standards .
The notion that a dictator can claim the sovereign right to abuse his people has become unacceptable .
A country that makes progress on human rights and commits to the change of behavior required to meet these international standards can also make a decisive turn toward a better future .
Now that a raucous regional situation is being joined to a raucous American election season -LRB- where no issue is excluded from the political arena -RRB- , the task of assembling these components will be even more difficult .
It is too early to assess the historical effect of the Arab Spring , but if there is one conclusion that can be drawn today , it is that Israel and its Palestinian neighbors had little to do with it .
For Americans -LRB- and others -RRB- who believe that the Arab world thinks about nothing but the Palestinian cause , events this spring in North Africa , the Arabian Peninsula , and even the Levant should have convinced them otherwise .
In the months ahead , we can expect the region 's countries to remain focused on issues of governance and capacity building , human rights , and how to create economies that respond to their restive citizens ' demands for a better life .
World leaders must help the battered peace process pick itself up from the canvas , clear its head , and fight on .
Nor can it be an option today .
This foray into the uncanny is as close as most people come to experiencing auditory hallucinations or `` hearing voices , '' a condition that affects 70 % of patients with schizophrenia and 15 % of patients with mood disorders such as mania or depression .
How can we understand differences between an inspired voice , an isolated instance of hearing one 's own name , and the voices of the mentally ill ?
So far , most patients appear to experience significant improvements from TMS directed to both brain regions , with improvements lasting from two months to over a year .
Indeed , sensory deprivation can produce hallucinations in the sense mode that is deprived .
An example is Charles Bonnet Syndrome , where visual impairments in the elderly can produce visions of human figures .
This is Manicheanism of the left , and , like Manicheanism of the political right , it can distort reality to the point of becoming divorced from it .
Like natural gas , hydrogen can be used as a car fuel with engine modifications .
Cluster seeds are already underway in the Los Angeles and New York metropolitan areas and , very significantly , in Japan .
Rising from the table , the American-educated Karadzic raged in passable English about the `` humiliations '' his people were suffering .
Since the US can not get directly at amorphous terrorist networks themselves , it should exert pressure against governments that tolerate terrorists on their territory as well as those that directly sponsor it .
Feared and loathed by its neighbors , Saddam 's regime not only tolerates , but also actively sponsors , terrorism and is working furiously to produce weapons of mass destruction that can be used against Israel and the West .
While no doubt willing to make use of Islamic extremists who dream of expelling American troops from the land of the holy places of Mecca and Medina , Hussein is the only regional actor with a global reach who is motivated to kill Americans for the sake of killing them , to avenge his regime 's humiliating defeat in the Gulf War .
· First , American troops should be relocated from the vicinity of Mecca and Medina , not bowing to pressure but to occupy Iraq , thereby removing a source of anti-American rage , while allowing the United States to continue stabilizing the region militarily .
Above all , these supplements to military action would help conciliate Arabic and Islamic populations to the logistical support that their US-allied governments must necessarily lend to a lethal American response .
Even today , the leading Republican presidential candidates suggest that the rule of law is an unaffordable luxury in the battle with al-Qaeda .
It is easy to imagine situations in which flexibility can be increased by curtailing individual rights and abandoning pre-established decision-making rules .
Just as adherence to rules can improve the performance of emergency-room personnel , so due process and constitutionalism can improve the performance , especially in a crisis , of law-enforcement officers and national-security policymakers .
Obligatory consultation with independent and informed people may be annoying , but it can avert misunderstandings and accelerate the painful process of correcting blunders .
It thereby inadvertently confirmed the jihadists ' vilest propaganda , suggesting that Muslims worldwide can , for no apparent reason , become targets of America 's lethal fury .
The surest way to rouse violent resistance is to communicate to people that there is nothing they can personally do to avoid being attacked .
As many as 50 million people around the world are estimated to be displaced each year by floods , hurricanes , tsunamis , earthquakes , and landslides .
However sudden the initial displacement , the impact can last for generations , together with a long-term need for clean water , shelter , health care , and other basic services , as victims of Hurricane Mitch in Central America in 1998 know from bitter experience .
Two years after Hurricane Katrina , thousands of people remain in temporary shelters .
On the preventive front , countless lives can be saved by simple actions such as flood-proofing coastlines , or strengthening earthquake codes for hospitals and schools . Countries like Bangladesh and Mozambique have proven that disaster risk reduction and preparedness can be a life-saving investment .
The international community can help . But national authorities must lead .
As the US backtracks on its liberal standards , it is flirting with what can be called the `` Beijing Consensus , '' which makes economic development a country 's paramount goal and prescribes that states should actively steer growth in a way that suits national stability .
For example , in times of crisis it is no shame for a government to be mercantilist , but by behaving in this way , the US has lost the moral high ground as a champion of free trade .
Russia can have its Caucasus , and if the generals in Myanmar should go mad , it would become China 's and India 's problem to sort out .
It remains to be seen how the American public will respond to its national U-turn .
President Hu Jintao 's visit to Washington was a clear attempt to de-escalate tensions with the US over American arms sales to Taiwan , the renminbi 's exchange rate , and Obama 's meeting with the Dalai Lama .
One can have the most visible business summits possible , but if Western companies do not gain greater access to the Chinese market , or if they feel threatened by heavily subsidized state-owned enterprises , relations will continue to sour .
We can stage round-table after round-table to discuss the importance of our relations with China , but if issues like Iran , Africa , or other trouble spots are not managed better , the West will inevitably consider China a security threat .
`` We ought to do all we can to weaken the bad feeling , which has been called out through our growth to the position of a real great power .
Neither side can talk its way out of this predicament .
The religious alliance has now formed governments in two of Pakistan 's four provinces , the Frontier and Baluchistan , and openly declares its intent to shatter Pakistan 's pro-American policy .
Mounting anger within the Pakistan Army , whose soldiers exchanged fire with American troops two months ago , would make Musharaf 's isolation total , perhaps forcing him to abandon the American-led coalition .
He is massing his forces and weapons for a determined strike against American forces .
Most new revelations about Pakistan 's nuclear scandal focus on the clandestine supply of uranium enrichment technology to Iran , North Korea , and Libya by the celebrated bomb-maker Dr. A. Q. Khan .
Imagine , for example , the horrific situation consequences ofarising from an atomic explosion in some American city .
In large part , he can thank 9\/11 .
Even the armed bandits who waylay relief supplies -- making necessary a guard of soldiers with automatic weapons , standing every few hundred yards -- can not destroy this moment .
First , American impatience must be held in check . Pakistan is expected to deliver results on al-Qaeda and the Taliban .
Despite more than 700 Pakistani combat deaths , many in Musharraf 's army wish to retain the Taliban as quasi-allies who -- when the Americans leave Afghanistan someday -- will give Pakistan the `` strategic depth '' it needs against India .
Musharraf can not permit the mullahs to become too strong .
Some of Musharraf 's achievements are significant . Relations with India have improved , the Kashmir insurgency supported by Pakistan has been scaled back , a women 's protection bill was passed in the teeth of Islamic opposition , and a virulent public school curriculum that emphasized jihad and martyrdom has been toned down .
One might have expected the Americans to know better than to bet all on a man who might be gone tomorrow .
But the rapid transformation of its demography brought with it hundreds of mosques with multi-barreled audio cannons mounted on minarets , as well as scores of madrasas illegally constructed in what used to be public parks and green areas .
This is a component of human well-being that can not be measured in GDP alone .
Iron deficiency , one of the most significant micronutrient problems , causes anemia , which makes people weaker and less productive .
Scaling up these programs -- and adding folate and zinc supplements -- to ensure provision for 80 % of South Asians and sub-Saharan Africans would cost about $ 347 million per year , but would yield a massive $ 5 billion from improved future earnings and reduced healthcare spending .
Programs to increase breastfeeding can be challenging in poor communities where mothers are typically engaged in agriculture and intensive work .
But promoting breastfeeding at the time of delivery can be effective .
Whether a condition was diagnosed as disordered depended not just on the symptoms , which might be similar in normal sadness , and not just on the condition 's severity , for normal sadness can be severe and disordered sadness moderate , but on the degree to which the symptoms were an understandable response to circumstances .
More recently , they have largely accepted the fact of anthropogenic -LRB- man-made -RRB- climate change but argue that its impacts will not be great , that we can `` wait and see , '' and that in any case we can always fix the problem if it turns out to be substantial .
The IEA also points out that the targets can be achieved without unacceptable economic damage .
What is required now is recognition that anthropogenic climate change will severely affect our children , grandchildren , the world 's ecosystems , and the world 's poorer communities , and that the severity of the impact can be substantially alleviated by taking action now .
Yet while contemplating the collapse of Saddam 's regime , Jordanians are also now recognizing how closely our own society is tied to Iraq 's , and how difficult it will be for Jordan to set out on a new course if the Americans end the rule of Saddam Hussein .
They cast any criticism of Saddam as a willingness to accept American aggression .
Although Jordan is at a turning point in its relations with Iraq , there remains little public support for American policy .
Speculation about America 's motives , with press commentators highlighting the role of the Christian right-wing in formulating American policy , is increasing .
Links between US Christians and American support for the expansionist Sharon government in Israel are heard frequently .
Advocates of more democracy in the Arab world now risk being accused of cooperation with the American design for re-making the Middle East .
To many Arabs across the region , American reliance on overwhelming military force to achieve its stated goal of spreading democracy is an inherent contradiction .
A second test lies in American handling of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
Their tactic has been to obstruct a clear review of the Iraqi catastrophe by suggesting that any criticism of Saddam 's regime is tantamount to supporting the American occupation of Iraq .
For example , Fahd Al-Fanek , a former Ba'ath Party member , is now a columnist for the Jordanian newspaper Al-Ra ` i. In April , he wrote that the end of Saddam 's hold on power in Iraq `` provided the opportunity for the enemies of the regime to shed crocodile tears at democracy and to denounce repression and dictatorship as an indirect gesture welcoming the American occupation . ''
None of the anti-Saddam sentoment , Al-Fanek argued , was `` intended to serve the cause of democracy , but to support the American position and justify the American occupation . ''
Despite trying to annex an Arab neighbor , Saddam was able to claim the nationalist mantle against the Americans .
Shame at the price the Iraqi people have paid for the false face of the Baathist regime can be detected everywhere .
It is becoming clear that no achievement , regardless of how great it may be , can justify the human cost that the Iraqi people paid over the last four decades .
In the weeks since the overthrow of Saddam 's regime , and despite the American occupation , Iraqis are exercising an increasing degree of control over their daily lives .
With American home values and retirement savings falling and Chinese unemployment numbers rising , observers worry that neither America nor China will have much appetite to cut emissions .
Americans spend too much and save too little , leaving a $ 250 billion trade deficit financed by other countries . Much of this credit comes from China , where firms and citizens save too much and consume too little , leaving a surplus of both goods and capital that flows abroad .
A smart response to the crisis can perpetuate these trends .
If the US and China can find agreement on these issues in the midst of crisis , they will pave the way for success when climate negotiators meet again next year in Copenhagen .
The transatlantic partnership once was a basic tenet of German foreign policy -- and yet Germany 's Chancellor won re-election on what was seen as an anti-American platform .
Many believe that Germany 's stance represents pacifist , rather than anti-American , sentiment .
Many Americans ascribe Europe 's lack of total commitment to its anti-terrorism cause to latent anti-Semitism .
Because Europe is militarily insignificant , they argue , it is not surprising that Europeans emphasize diplomacy , rather than military might , to resolve disputes .
On the other hand , no one should be surprised that Americans chafe at constraints on their ability to take advantage of US military hegemony .
If they work together , more progress can be made in tackling the world 's problems than if they see each global flashpoint as an opportunity to seek advantage at the other 's expense .
If the political will is there , the partnership can be preserved and sustained .
Of course , this can not always be decisive .
I believe that every member state should administer those policies that do not directly and significantly affect other member states .
These precedents can be extended .
Instead of individual member states having fraught negotiations to opt-out of a new initiative , those that support it can simply opt-in .
Countries that want to integrate further can do so .
In this way we can break free of the institutionalised tug of war that has characterised EU relations .
Indeed , on some issues , shades of the old imperial strategy of `` divide and rule '' can be seen , with the OSCE pitting one Albanian institution or political party against another .
Likewise , in Morocco , Tunisia , Mauritania , Qatar , Oman , and Bahrain , where various low-level contacts and Israeli representations exist , undemocratic regimes can define whatever relationship with Israel they choose .
The allocated budget was just $ 29 million , but its rapid death can also be ascribed to its short-sighted design -- and to Barack Obama , who has shown little interest in the issue .
Add together all the trade-offs between the West and the Arab regimes , along with the Israeli and Islamist factor , and the conclusion at which one arrives is as inescapable as it is alarming : the West can not afford democracy in the region .
Al Jazeera has no shortage of enemies , from the most radical Islamic fundamentalists to American and Israeli intelligence gatherers .
The channel canceled its regular programs , and was transformed into a round-the-clock workshop of live news and interviews , switching from one revolution to another .
As for Qatar itself , Al Thani provided various forms of support to all of the Arab revolutions , except in Bahrain , where the Saudis and , more pointedly , the Americans , drew a very sharp red line .
Protecting himself and Qatar by hosting the largest American military base outside the United States , his strategy has been to wrest control from regional third parties who might otherwise dominate the smaller Gulf states .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Al Thani clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum .
The first scandal occurred last year , after a tractor filled with green onions scraped the side of a BMW in Harbin .
That same month , a lottery scandal threw the BMW brand into the limelight once again . Lottery officials in Shaanxi province rejected a winning ticket , calling it a fake and denying its bearer , a 17-year-old security guard named Liu Liang , the grand prize of a $ 58,000 BMW and 120,000 yuan -LRB- $ 14,510 -RRB- in cash .
If an entire society believes that you can not depend on legal rights for protection - that one must instead rely on a web of relationships with those who have power and influence - questions about whether such a society is livable or desirable will remain .
Liu Liang may have been just a working-class kid , but there was wisdom in his words that there is still a `` silent majority '' who can affect the workings of China 's fragile society .
While pop music fans in China can listen to whatever they like , including Madonna singing `` I 'm gonna shake up the system , '' ordinary Chinese need courage to speak such messages aloud .
Nevertheless , although Twitter can be accessed in China only via proxy servers , it still plays a vital role in Chinese Internet life because of its ability to connect different news sources and social activists .
Indeed , Twitter is the only place where people can talk freely about Liu 's Nobel prize .
Twitter political activism in China challenges the simplistic yet widespread assumption that social media in the hands of activists can lead swiftly to mass mobilization and social change .
But if small units are well organized , they can greatly improve the well-being of society as a whole , bit by bit , by working at the micro level .
`` Micro-information '' and `` micro-exchange '' can push forward real change .
Today , highly motivated people can lower the threshold for action so that people with less passion join their efforts .
Finally , Twitter can be used as a mobilizing tool in China .
It can effectively link discourse and action , generate widespread campaigns , and forge common ground among rights activists , public intellectuals , and all kinds of Twitter users .
Several countries , including NATO allies , have imposed `` national caveats '' that limit where their troops can be deployed or the tasks they undertake .
So , before any operation , commanders must determine which troops can take part and in what capacity , hampering both efficiency and effectiveness .
Even if leaders balk at an extra half-day of meetings to address the most serious threat to NATO 's future , the Riga summit can issue a demand that its own 19 dual members , and the rest of the EU , agree to assume shared responsibility in Afghanistan .
But NATO is also acting because some European countries want to show Washington that they can pull their security weight even though they refuse to go near the war in Iraq .
I listened to a Sunni engineer whose association with an American construction company makes him a target for extremists , and to a translator of the Christian Mandaean minority who narrowly escaped death when the United Nations headquarters in Baghdad was bombed in August 2003 .
If the Parliament in Baghdad , one of the best protected buildings in the country , can be attacked from within , then no Zone in Iraq is Green ; they are all Red .
Most Iraqis can not opt for local integration , either .
Iraqis can not become permanent residents , and they do not have work permits or access to public health services .
In Jordan , Iraqi children can not go to public schools .
It is not a matter of ill will on the part of these countries ; they simply can not afford to extend these services .
The Iraqi refugees are a crisis that can not be ignored : the international community must alleviate the burden on the countries in the region , while offering resettlement opportunities to many more of the most vulnerable Iraqis .
One incident in southern Somalia vividly demonstrated how insecurity can hamper humanitarian work .
So when aid workers are stopped at gunpoint and can not talk their way through , humanitarian agencies naturally turn to MONUC to guarantee access .
Humanitarian workers are not military strategists , so they can not judge what kind and what size of deployment of peacekeepers is adequate .
But the aid agencies that work on the ground have first-hand experience of the impact of peacekeepers ' presence , and we have the authority to say that protection of aid workers can be dangerously inadequate .
The televised tragedy , and the shortcomings that can be observed close up , can and must be stopped , lest -- as often happens with Congo -- the crisis disappears from the front pages , while the killing continues unseen .
But recent democratic trends worldwide have now reached the shores of this medieval desert kingdom and can no longer be ignored .
Such a massive foreign influx into so hermetic a country could not but have a significant domestic impact .
Where elections are held , Islamists do well : Hamas among Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza ; the religiously-oriented Shi'ite coalition in Iraq ; a parliamentary faction in Morocco and , most significantly , the ruling Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- in Turkey .
But can the Islamists be trusted ?
By contrast , it is a mistake to believe that force can eliminate Islamist movements .
Much has been said of President George W. Bush 's American-led `` crusade '' to bring democracy to the Muslim world .
Wars in Afghanistan and Iraq were predicated , at least in part , on spreading freedom ; similarly , the Middle East Partnership Initiative is supposed to make democracy the centerpiece of American assistance in the region .
Whatever one thinks of American military intervention , one must concede that it has altered the region 's dynamics .
Knowing this , the Americans have tried over the first six weeks of the war to hold them back , bombing Taliban positions just enough so that they break apart , but not so hard that the Northern Alliance breaks through .
Again , the balance the Americans have to strike here is delicate .
The legitimacy of the proxies to their own people -- the Afghanis -- depends on their appearing to be independent of the Americans .
Yet it is moral perfectionism to suppose that America can fight a war against terror without proxies .
This is what the enemy hopes for . Al-Quaeda must be hoping to lure long convoys of American soldiers and their equipment into those high , narrow mountain passes where the Russians were drawn in to their deaths .
American strategy would be wise to deny Osama bin Laden that satisfaction .
For a warlord in American pay , victory might look like secure control of heroin production , together with death to his warlord rivals .
A principal agent can win a war with proxies .
A durable peace , however , can not be built by remote control .
But their leaders can be drawn into a political process and , with luck , be turned from warriors into politicians .
That will be the test of this war : whether a warrior culture can be turned into a political one , and whether proxies can gradually become principal agents in their own right , rebuilding a country they once devastated .
Now that Estonia 's competitiveness can no longer count on a low-cost labor force , it needs to generate new technologies .
Nationalistic sentiment is strong , and politicians and interest groups can exploit it .
Anyone with a little funding and a few biological specimens in a refrigerator can make thousands of postulated `` discoveries . ''
Indeed , the number of research questions that we can pose is increasing exponentially .
Medical kits the size of a thumbnail can measure a million different biological factors on an individual with an infinitesimal amount of blood .
In a paper in the Journal of the American Medical Association published in July 2005 , I showed that refutation is very common , even for the most prestigious research findings .
Indeed , policies to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions promise to bring about substantial reductions in heart disease , respiratory illness , cancer , obesity , diabetes , depression , and road deaths and injuries .
Based on the epidemiological evidence linking physical activity and health , the resulting increase in physical activity would dramatically reduce rates of chronic disease , with around 10-20 % less heart disease and stroke , 12-18 % less breast cancer , and 8 % less dementia .
Reducing livestock production in order to limit cattle-related methane emissions and deforestation -- significant factors contributing to climate change -- would also improve human health .
Reducing meat consumption should reduce rates of colorectal cancer as well -- the second most common type in men , after lung cancer .
This will have a serious impact on health and well being , increasing the risk of diabetes , heart disease , stroke , and cancer .
The increase in diabetes as a result of population fattening is causing an epidemic of chronic kidney disease in a country where only one in four can expect to receive treatment .
As negotiators and policymakers debate the costs of mitigating climate change , they can not afford to overlook these benefits ' immense value .
CJD belongs to the family of what are called prion diseases , a unique group of neurodegenerative diseases that can be transmitted .
One clue lies in the results of studies of the transmission of BSE and variant CJD in mice , which in many cases does not result in death from clinical disease , but instead can produce an asymptomatic `` carrier state , '' in which the disease has not yet manifested itself .
Further uncertainty regarding the future of variant CJD arises from the observation that the average age of the patients in the UK has not increased significantly over the past 10 years .
Some companies have easier access to capital , whereas their competitors can not get access to finance at reasonable interest rates .
In reality , what they do n't like is competition itself , and they fight it by deploying an instrument that can inflict even greater damage on themselves .
Thus the ECB needed to rely on the few robust results theory and experience can provide .
One can only hope that the world does not have to go through the same process of pathological learning via high inflation which followed the neglect of money during the fifties and sixties of the last century .
In the wake of the euro 's performance during this year 's global financial crisis , even its strongest critics can not deny that the euro is an astounding success .
The main idea is to reduce the risk premia paid by debtors with lower fiscal credibility . But this can be achieved only by implicit or explicit guarantees from EMU countries with sound public finances .
No one can possibly know in advance exactly how big this `` bill '' might be , though that question -- important as that is -- misses the crucial point : a common bond would be the first step down a slippery slope to bail-outs , and thus to the end of the euro area as a zone of stability .
Iraqi leaders were well aware of the decreased participation in the election by a significant portion of Iraq 's multi-ethnic and multi-confessional mosaic , particularly the Sunni community .
At long last , it can be said that an Iraqi legislature understood that it was constrained by constitutional principals and the rule of law .
Changes can always be proposed after a decent interval passes .
The American administration was absolutely right to resist the call to turn Iraq over to a caudillo , as some wanted .
Indeed , the Democratic plan -LRB- if it can be called one -RRB- ignores Iran 's ongoing subversion of Iraq 's state institutions , which will continue unless and until they become strong enough to resist such machinations .
Nor can one be buoyed by Joseph Biden 's repeated calls for a `` soft partition '' of Iraq , even though the entire Iraqi political class has rejected the notion .
As for the Republicans , setting aside Sarah Palin 's talk of America 's divine mission in the war on terror , it is inconceivable that John McCain truly believes that a US presence is sustainable in Iraq into the indefinite future .
Still , even assuming that the American public would tolerate such a presence , the Iraqi public would not .
Then again , for three consecutive years , Iraq 's national security advisor -- a physician with no credentials for the job when appointed by the US occupation authority , except that he spoke tolerable English -- insisted that the next year would be the last in which American troops were needed .
Thus , it hopes to divert public attention from still non-existent basic services , continuing sectarianism , weak oil production , scant infrastructure investment , and rampant corruption and cronyism .
Only such a presence can consolidate the palpable , but still reversible , gains made over the past year .
Ending US involvement before the Iraqis can achieve these goals on their own would be disastrous for both US and Iraqi interests .
Equally ominous , the banning of hundreds of candidates for alleged ties to the Baath Party signals a return to sectarian politics , which could reignite a sectarian civil war .
Doing so might well mean a retreat from the pre-election banning of candidates , and would demonstrate a maturity among the Shia political elites that they have not yet shown .
One unsettling consequence of US diplomacy is that it has reinforced Iran 's role in Iraq , because Maliki is Iran 's preferred candidate for Prime Minister .
American efforts to re-start Israeli-Palestinian peace talks have faced adamant opposition from Iran , which maintains its 30-year-old policy of opposing any effort to promote peace in the region .
Iran exerts significant influence on both state and non-state actors whose support is indispensible to any long-term peace in the Middle East .
The impact of this American misstep has already been felt , emboldening Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on his provocative visit to Lebanon , which included a public appearance on Hezbollah-controlled territory near Israel 's northern border .
They can not forget that Maliki was in charge during the ethnic cleansing of Baghdad 's Sunni Muslims .
When he did lose , he demanded a recount , not as a candidate , but in his capacity as Commander-in-Chief .
In this , Obama is following the example of President George W. Bush , who let the US electoral agenda , rather than American -- not to mention Iraqi -- national interests , dictate Iraq policy .
TOKYO -- The eurozone is sometimes dubbed `` Euroland '' by Americans -LRB- and some Asians -RRB- . Given its echoes of `` Disneyland , '' a place of fantasy , that is a far more mocking than useful nickname .
Ever since the euro was first proposed , skeptics -LRB- mostly American -RRB- and believers -LRB- mostly European -RRB- have fiercely debated the economic preconditions for the single currency , its benefits for members , and its political feasibility .
American economists , led by Martin Feldstein , have argued that the eurozone 's economies are too diverse , with too many institutional differences and labor-market rigidities , to form an optimal currency area .
Moreover , a common monetary policy combined with independent fiscal policy is bound to fail : the former increases unemployment in weaker economies because the interest rate reflects average eurozone indicators -LRB- with large weights on Germany and France -RRB- , but keeps borrowing costs low enough that weak economies ' governments can finance fiscal profligacy .
Moreover , all of Greece 's structural problems -- a thin tax base , large numbers of government employees who receive bonus payments , and generous pension benefits -- can not be sustained within the eurozone .
So , as `` euroland '' risks breaking up over the Greek crisis , musically-versed economists recall the cryptic last line of that 1970 's pop song `` Hotel California '' by the Eagles : `` You can check out any time you like , but you can never leave . ''
Now , as then , the United States Congress is the focal point of American anger .
Currency appreciation , Japan argued then and China argues now , is unlikely to result in a significant current-account adjustment , which requires addressing not only China 's high savings rate , but also low savings in the US .
How the situation will develop in the near future can be gleaned from the recent past .
Yankee Bases Go Home RIO DE JANEIRO -- Last month , the leaders of all 12 countries of South America -LRB- except one -RRB- gathered in Quito , Ecuador 's capital , for the summit of the Union of South American Nations . UNASUR or UNASUL -LRB- depending on whether one speaks Spanish or Portuguese -RRB- was established by the twelve presidents in Brasília in May 2008 with the aim of furthering economic and political integration .
He claimed that the `` Winds of war are blowing , '' and that the announcement of the military agreement `` can transform itself into a tragedy . ''
In a continent where anti-Americanism remains both very popular and an effective way to consolidate national cohesion and political power , Chávez 's attacks found a ready audience .
One week after the summit , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton tried to calm the continent 's fears about the US-Colombia agreement , explaining that it is merely a minor revision of the Bill Clinton-era Plan Colombia , an American program to support the government against the drug cartels .
By raising anti-American suspicions and strengthening Chávez 's position across the continent , the agreement weakens the influence of Brazil .
The radical polarization of the Andean region between those two countries will create difficulties in building regional consensus and security problems in the Amazon , as well as weakening the Brazilian project for South American political and economic integration .
There is nothing modest about that achievement , given Brazil 's traditional institutional instability and the series of major corruption scandals that engulfed Lula 's government in 2005 and 2006 .
Lula survived those scandals and did not move to amend the constitution in order to seek a third term , though some in Brazil pressed him to do so .
America wants to conclude as many free-trade agreements in the region as it can , while Brazil favors expanding its custom union , Mercosul\/Mercosur .
The construction of a major egalitarian , free , and democratic society that respects and works with the international institutions is the best thing that Brazil can give to the world right now .
Instead , they drove me to Bagram Air Base and handed me over to the Americans stationed there .
I found out later that the Americans were offering bounties of several thousand dollars for Taliban and `` foreign fighters . ''
At first , I was happy to be in American hands .
The Americans now realize that I ended up here by mistake and have told me that they want to let me go .
But where can I go ?
I am one of several dozen of the Guantánamo who can not return to our native countries because we would likely be tortured and abused .
Many generations of selection in a particular direction -- say , for moving efficiently through the air -- can give rise to complicated structures like wings and the coordinated processes of flying .
Epigenetic inheritance occurs not only within individuals during their development ; it also occurs between generations : individual yeast cells or bacterial cells can transmit epigenetic variations from one generation to the next , and multi-cellular organisms can transmit them through their sperm and eggs .
If the epigenetic state of its germ cells is altered during an organism 's development , this variation can be transmitted to its descendants .
In addition to cellular epigenetic inheritance , there are other non-genetic ways in which variations can be transmitted from generation to generation .
For example , we know that some environmental insults and stresses , such as temporary starvation , can affect future generations .
But new analysis by a team from six leading European universities and institutes casts new light on this debate , and shows that Europe can make choices that are in its own best economic and environmental interest .
Obviously , the fossil-fuel sector would shrink by 2020 as the energy system decarbonizes , with coal being partly displaced by lower-carbon fuels , mainly gas and renewables -LRB- carbon capture and storage and nuclear power can not make much of a difference by 2020 -RRB- .
Indeed , the Arab Union estimates that the lack of regional integration costs each country two percentage points of annual GDP growth , while the African Economic Commission reckons that if a Maghreb Union existed , the five countries would each gain 5 % of GDP .
These countries can no longer afford to wait .
In economic terms , the negligible level of intra-Maghreb trade can be explained by factors such as small market size and low trade complementarity -- the weak match , in other words , between exports and imports .
The first order of business , however , must be to resolve inter-state conflicts , such as the Algerian-Moroccan dispute over the Western Sahara , which prevent the creation of a unified Maghreb .
After all , the same Chinese leaders who reject Liu 's calls for political reform argue that what Chinese citizens really want are not `` Western-style '' rights , but basic necessities -- clean water , economic opportunities , safe food -- that allow their families to prosper , and which China 's own homegrown political system can adequately protect .
Next week 's Commonwealth heads of government summit in Nigeria is a make or break moment for the New Partnership for Africa 's Development -LRB- NEPAD -RRB- , the initiative designed by Africans to modernize Africa 's governments and economies .
Zimbabwe 's ongoing economic decline under the misrule of President Robert Mugabe has raised doubts about NEPAD 's key innovation , its self-monitoring instrument , the African Peer Review Mechanism .
For , if Mugabe can be let off the hook , will NEPAD 's peer review process ever work ?
The question is a legitimate one , because when African initiatives fail , they usually fail because of a lack of political will to follow through on commitments and declarations .
One cause often proposed for this damaging phenomenon is the emphasis that many African cultures place on mutual respect .
The few African countries that already have such institutions in place -- among them South Africa , Kenya , Nigeria , Ghana , Zambia , and Senegal -- are clearly moving in the right direction .
The protectionist anti-globalization impetuses of the left are less visible in political parties than in labor movements , but these can shape political programs .
In short , the large states still have illusions , encouraged by their political elites , about what the state can do to guide economic development .
Politics can offer all kinds of goods that voters find very attractive : tax breaks , subsidies , and social benefits .
But small states are less likely to think that they can create the rules of the game , and accordingly they are more willing and able to make adjustments .
But that can scarcely explain European nervousness and the protectionist reaction .
These two scenarios of the origins of economic nationalism , one irrational and the other not , are not real alternatives , but describe responses that intertwine : the more rational the fear , the more that fear can be used as an instrument of politics .
A solution required generally collaborative efforts -- of a sort that corresponded to an ancient vision of civic republicanism rather than the modern ideas of centralized power or isolated and autonomous individuals .
But Fujiwara 's book has also revived an old debate about capitalism and the values that are needed to sustain it . That debate stems from the fact that capitalism , or the market economy , can not simply go on forever , driven by an internal momentum or dynamic .
Similarly , capitalism depends on competition , but competition can be brutal and destructive .
The 1907 panic started in the United States , owing to a rise in interest rates as farmers in the West were paid for their crops and financial scandals in New York that seemed to implicate a large financial institution , the Knickerbocker trust .
The breakdown was fundamentally a liquidity crisis , and liquidity was easily restored in several ways : the New York banks issued their own liquidity through a clearing house ; one massively powerful financial institution , J.P. Morgan , bought up collapsing shares , and thus reversed a market panic and a scramble for liquidity ; and European central banks supplied gold to the American market .
The obvious lesson of 1907 that Americans learned was that central banks were the best placed institutions to restore liquidity in a financial panic , and , in the longer run , monetary reform gave the US its own central bank , the Federal Reserve , by 1914 .
So 1907 became a comforting mantra in times of financial stress : a crisis can not happen as long as the central bank understands the problem of liquidity .
Germans do not see why they should be vulnerable because of poor quality mortgage lending in American inner cities .
Depositors with the British bank Northern Rock blame American developments for the credit turbulence that made it impossible for the bank to continue to fund its lending .
Government stabilization of the banking system can either be international , provoking complaints by outraged taxpayers about subsidizing others , or national , but only at the cost of greatly extended regulation of capital movements .
President Franklin Roosevelt had originally wanted to control American business by setting price levels , but when the US Supreme Court rejected this approach , his administration started to use competition policy to challenge the positions of market-dominant companies .
Competition policy , however , faces great difficulty in dealing with industries in which technical breakthroughs can create apparently instant monopolies .
By contrast , on the face of it , there can not be anything wrong with offering services or products for free , and then simply using the resulting advertising possibilities .
Insolvent businesses close , bad loans are written off , and lenders can lend with new confidence again .
A firm denial by the government should be seen as a sign that most of the American economy is fundamentally sound , and that American financial markets are sophisticated enough to be able to identify sound business practices .
The second question is what kind of government can do the job ?
Not just any government will do . Mid-sized European governments can possibly rescue mid-sized European institutions , but in the case of really major financial conglomerates at the heart of the world 's financial system , there are probably only two governments that have the fire power : the US and China .
The logic sounds like the American case of 1931 . Some of the arguments that are reverberating around Beijing are very reasonable : there is a great deal of uncertainty , and the SWFs might lose a lot of money .
Some lines of thought are more emotional : might not 2008 be a payback for the American bungling of the 1997-1998 East Asia crisis ?
Sixteenth-century Venice turned the wealth of the spice trade into the canvases of Titian and Tintoretto .
The recent era of global finance -- maybe we can already possibly speak of it as being past -- differed from the financial surge of a century ago .
Who can say the same for the products of Damien Hirst ?
Algorithms that authorize or prohibit transactions can redress conflicts of interest .
In the same way as trading floors are now mostly obsolete , most banking functions can and will be handled by machines .
Everyone thinks of the horse that can be led to water , but can not be made to drink .
More recently , in the early 1980 's , the International Monetary Fund and the central banks in the big industrial countries teamed up to pressure banks into extending more credit to the big Latin American debtor countries .
The latest financial crisis powerfully highlights this vulnerability , as it destroys any sense that we can put an accurate price on assets .
The size of the calamity raises the question of whether small countries can really afford bank bailouts .
On the one hand , there is the idea -- which defined banking for much of American history -- that banks should be close to the risks that they must judge .
First , it promises more effective risk management , because large banks are less exposed to a single sort of customer -LRB- in contrast to rural American banks , which suffered when American farmers suffered -RRB- .
But larger banks can get into trouble when these two principles get mixed up .
The US wants the world to embark on macroeconomic stimulus programs , and thinks that the complicated task of reinventing and reordering financial supervision and regulation can wait .
Many European countries can not afford a stimulus package , owing to overstretched public finances , and instead want to make progress on the international regulation of banking .
Britain is convulsed by a scandal about parliamentary expenses that has no equivalent since the attacks on `` old corruption '' in the early nineteenth century .
The founder of the rational expectations revolution , Robert Lucas , is endlessly quoted as having stated in 2003 in his presidential address to the American Economic Association that the `` central problem of depression-prevention has been solved , for all practical purposes , and has in fact been solved for many decades . ''
The non-mathematical appear to have their revenge , as the perils of over-reliance on complex symbolic notation and arcane formulae are relentlessly exposed .
Economic historian Harold James sets the Bush economic strategy in its historical context and hears dangerous echoes of past American failures .
Precedents abound in American history for using scare stories to justify fiscal expansion .
This generated a wave of mutual recrimination across the Atlantic , with Europeans -LRB- especially the French and the Germans -RRB- accusing the US of irresponsible inflationism , while Americans blamed Europe for refusing to grow fast enough .
The episode greatly strengthened anti-Americanism in Europe .
When the dollar strengthened at the end of the 1960s and in the mid-1980s , American industry felt threatened by foreign imports and pressed for changes in the trading regime .
In practice , it is only banks that have access to cheap borrowing , so they can reconstitute their balance sheets by borrowing cheaply and lending expensively .
President Richard Nixon hailed the 1971 Smithsonian agreement as `` the most significant monetary agreement in the history of the world . ''
In 2003 , Ben Bernanke , then a Governor of the US Federal Reserve , stated in a speech that many Americans considered inflation targeting `` foreign , impenetrable , and possibly slightly subversive . '' That feeling is stronger now .
Many Europeans tried to argue in recent years that monetary policy should also take asset-price developments into account , whereas American policymakers and academics largely resisted this approach .
During the past quarter-century , but especially over the five years leading up to 2008 , the world seemed to revolve around the American consumer .
American-style consumption offered a new model of economic development . It inspired widespread emulation .
American universities delivered new curricula based on studies of consumption and consumerism .
In the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , President George W. Bush advised Americans that they should not allow the trauma of the attacks to interfere with their ordinary shopping , and implied that buying had become a patriotic duty and virtue .
It began as a result of weakness in a specific sector -- residential mortgages -- after a bubble in home prices allowed many Americans to borrow massively , and often disastrously , against the putative value of their equity in order to finance purchases .
The global imbalances that many people view as being at the root of the problem reflected savings rates of near zero in the US , as well as in those economies that seemed best to emulate the American model -- the United Kingdom , Ireland , and Spain .
The crisis also revealed the extent of the massive over-capacity in the US retail market , with estimates that at least one-fifth of American shopping malls would be forced to close .
Purchases of these relatively low-cost items can be regarded as the withdrawal symptoms of the world 's consumer binge .
In fact , it could be called `` Tom Fordism , '' after the young American designer who realized the iconic potential of the Italian fashion house of Gucci .
The crisis that began in 2007 originated in the sub-prime mortgage sector in the United States , and in US banks that were `` too big to fail , '' prompting many observers at the outset to predict the end of American financial capitalism .
But the banks that were most affected were elsewhere , and the long-term winners will be a few American banks -- including some of the most notoriously weak banks -- which will get bigger as a result of the crisis .
Fueled by the injection of taxpayers ' money , American capitalism is back in force .
China can handle its large banks , even if they have large portfolios of poor credits .
By contrast , in the US , the government pushed big banks into buying up smaller and vulnerable banks , and is now doing everything it can to press them to lend more .
Such large banks are needed because small players alone can not make a market .
The common currency is the canary in the mine of the global exchange-rate system .
Policymakers in France loved to quote a remark by the French poet Paul Valéry , who in the middle of the chaos of the Great Depression had written that `` Europe visibly aspires to be governed by an American committee . ''
To Europeans , the International Monetary Fund , which supervised exchange-rate arrangements in the post-Bretton Woods world , looked like a perfectly American committee , and France did not like that .
The answers to a global problem of this kind can not be found on a European level .
In 1971 , Americans were feeling the effects of a German and Japanese export surge .
Americans , by contrast , thought that Japan and Germany were artificially holding down their currencies ' value in order to get an unfair advantage for their politically powerful export industries .
There were two American strategies to prize open Japan 's supposedly closed economy .
What can they do ? '' The point was clear : `` So the other countries do n't like it .
On August 15 , 1971 , Nixon imposed a temporary surcharge of 10 % on imports `` to ensure that American products will not be at a disadvantage because of unfair exchange rates . ''
At the same time , there was a wage and price freeze , an end to the Federal Reserve 's swap network of support for other central banks , and a limitation of gold transactions , implying a reduction in the value of the American currency .
After an initial inflationary surge , American economic growth fell off sharply in the 1970 's .
On the contrary , it will find an easy way to turn its resentment of American pressure into an issue of regional solidarity -- exactly as the Germans did in the 1970 's .
Instead of leading to an American renaissance , the `` Nixon shock '' produced theories about American imperial overstretch and decline .
Faced by uncertain re-election prospects , and worried about job losses , US President George W. Bush has begun to blame other countries , sending his Treasury Secretary to demand that they raise their exchange rates in order to make foreign goods more expensive for American consumers .
For twenty years after WWII , there were just two major international currencies , as there had been through the interwar period : the British pound and the American dollar .
American producers and the US government complained that American workers were being priced out of jobs because the Yen and D-mark were being held at artificially low levels .
The Americans accused the Europeans and especially the Japanese of growing too slowly , while the Europeans and the Japanese argued that the US was exporting inflation to the rest of the world and abusing the international monetary system in order to sustain its military adventurism -LRB- at that time in Vietnam -RRB- .
The Americans first unilaterally suspended the gold convertibility of the dollar -- the backbone of the fixed but adjustable exchange-rate regime created by the post-WWII Bretton Woods conference -- and then teamed up with the Europeans to force on Japan a 16.9 % revaluation of the Yen against the dollar .
A decade later , efforts to keep the Yen in line with American views produced the Japanese bubble economy , for which many Japanese blamed America after it burst .
But the rest of the world can threaten a dollar sell-off .
The most immediate and most obvious is that it is difficult to hold out long against the US , especially when the American government is under pressure from major domestic interest groups whose strong lobbying power might be used to lead a push for new trade protectionism .
In the 1960 's , Keynesian policies delivered the illusion that everyone was benefiting , with high levels of employment and significant wage growth .
Both major parties are appealing to the political center , but they will never be as convincing as a political party that really is in the political center , and that is unencumbered by the scandals attached to the past exercise of power .
American policymakers expended considerable effort devising ways to support the pound , because they knew that the same factors that made the pound vulnerable also threatened the dollar .
FLORENCE -- The stress tests applied to American banks last year are widely credited with restoring financial stability in the United States and removing the fear that major financial institutions might fail .
Only central banks -- typically lenders of last resort -- lean against the hurricane-strength winds .
Now , too , as borrowers find credit increasingly difficult to obtain , and as resentment toward banks -- and those responsible for regulating them -- grows accordingly , we can expect demands for political intervention to alter the distribution of credit .
Instead , the Smoot-Hawley Tariff Act closed off American markets and provoked other countries into a spiral of retaliatory trade measures .
Instead , US banks , widely blamed for the international lending boom that preceded the bust , were so intimidated and weakened that the flow of American credit stopped .
When anyone wants an example of how effective a Keynesian counter-cyclical strategy can be , internationally as well as domestically , they need look no further than China 's four-trillion-renminbi stimulus of 2008-2009 .
The new-found dynamism of African economies is a consequence of the Chinese drive to build up and secure sources of raw materials .
It is not surprising that the greatest and strongest ideological opponent of the American way of life was not in distant Europe or Asia , but in Cuba , just 90 miles off the Florida coast .
Since the early twentieth century , Mexicans have felt worried and threatened by American strength .
American politicians denounced it as predatory ; Europeans saw it as a step on the road to competitive devaluations .
Americans read this as affirmation of their belief that all intervention was useless .
As the US pushes China to revalue the renminbi , American economists try to support the case for a stronger renminbi by looking at examples of surplus countries that adjusted by carrying out more expansionary policies .
The most extraordinary contribution to this debate has come from the International Monetary Fund , whose April 2010 World Economic Outlook contains a chapter on how adjustment by surplus countries can be generally beneficial .
Andrew Mellon , the United States Treasury Secretary at the time , talked about liquidating workers , farmers , stocks , and real estate in order `` to purge the rottenness out of the system . '' In Britain back then , Philip Snowden , a small man with a narrow , pinched face , who needed a cane to walk , seemed to want to remake the British economy in his physical image .
Beginning in September 1931 , the markets became nervous about the US , causing large outflows from American banks -- and thus from the dollar .
The debate about room for fiscal maneuver in practice soon becomes a debate about whether countries that have easily financed debt in the past can automatically continue to do so .
That precedent should serve as a warning of how vulnerable governments and their finances can rapidly become , and of how fiscal policy can stand in the way of a monetary approach oriented toward stability .
One of the most important precedents is the debacle of Latin American debt almost 30 years ago .
A Latin American default would have brought down the banking systems of all the major industrial countries , causing something like a replay of the Great Depression .
Exposure to Mexican debt alone represented some 90 % of the capitalization of major US banks .
The solution that was eventually adopted was considered brilliant at the time , because it avoided formal default by any of the big Latin American borrowers -LRB- though Brazil briefly defaulted five years later , in 1987 -RRB- .
There was no institutionalized write-down of Latin American debt until five years after the crisis , when a haircut no longer threatened banks ' stability .
Recognizing this problem , banks can hold their host governments to ransom .
The OED etymology ignores the non-English origins of the term , which can be found in the inventive linguistic terminology of continental European student radicalism .
Instead , the wider and deeper historical vision is of a globalization that encompasses the Roman empire and the Song dynasty , and goes back to the globalization of the human species from a common African origin .
The economic variant of Machiavellianism is as powerful as the claim that political untruth can be virtuous .
Lying or hiding the truth in some circumstances can , it appears , make people better off .
Most people can easily see why .
Indeed , misrepresentation by governments -- driven by the belief that political ingenuity can stabilize expectations -- is actually at the root of many financial crises .
Still , no economic crisis or political revolution is likely to change governments ' inherent proclivity to think that they can know better .
The most obvious parallel to Europe 's current woes is the Latin American debt crisis of the 1980 's .
The initial approach was to link policy improvements in the borrowing countries not only with help from international institutions , but also with additional lending from the banks -- which seemed to defy the most elementary canons of sensible bank behavior .
Three years after the outbreak of the Latin American crisis , United States Treasury Secretary James Baker announced a systematization of the initial response .
The most obvious answer is that at an earlier stage in the Latin American saga , the banks simply could not have afforded to take such losses on their capital .
Moreover , despite the obvious `` reform fatigue '' of Latin American electorates , the debtor countries had engaged in a substantial measure of reform .
One unanticipated result of the lurid New York sex scandal involving DSK is that the question of his successor is attracting an unprecedented level of public interest and concern .
Indeed , the scandal has exposed some fundamental problems about the IMF 's governance , and even about its existence .
Any organization is always much more than simply the person who happens to lead it , but a weak or politicized figure at its head can do great damage .
Germany 's then chancellor , Gerhard Schröder , pressed hard for a German appointee to lead the Fund , but Köhler was always an implausible second-choice candidate .
He resigned in 2004 to run as Angela Merkel 's candidate for the largely ceremonial office of President of the German Federal Republic , a job he performed capriciously until he abruptly resigned .
Indeed , even back in 1973 , there was substantial support for a non-European candidate , Roberto Alemann , the distinguished economist and former Argentine economics minister .
The IMF needs a managing director who transcends political logic and can lay out the economics of the new global order .
The food issue emerged for the first time as a major theme at the July 2009 summit in L'Aquila , Italy , as a response to a commodity boom that was beginning to falter , but that has since reemerged with the force of a hurricane .
Because of low interest rates in the United States , major financial institutions can borrow cheaply in dollars and then chase much higher returns in the major emerging-market countries .
Brazil , Russia , and China , but also Algeria , Egypt , and South Africa -- indeed , all African countries that have maintained functioning governments -- have seen dramatic increases in food production over the past decade .
A particularly dynamic and innovative business model came from outside and took over central aspects of British and then American public life .
That model is now threatened by the fallout from the scandal that started with phone hacking in Murdoch 's British press operations .
It frequently depends on very complex corporate structures , with multiple layers of holding companies , as well as privileged shares that can guarantee the continuation of control .
Until the eruption of the current scandal , the youngest of Murdoch 's three children from his second marriage , James , was generally believed to stand the greatest chance of succeeding his father .
In addition , succession planning can become complicated by the emergence of `` substitute children '' from the company 's management .
Rebekah Brooks , the editor of The News of the World at the beginning of the phone-hacking scandal , and subsequently the chief executive of News International , Murdoch 's British subsidiary , played precisely such a role .
Can Europe 's common currency survive ? No less a figure than former United States Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has now declared that it can not .
Market turbulence demonstrates a need for some institutional mechanism that can ensure greater currency stability .
Such a policy is fraught with danger ; indeed , it is inherently self-defeating , as the establishment of a peg or a band provides an obvious target against which speculators can take huge positions .
That is what happened in the 1970 's , during the original wave of currency turmoil : the Scandinavians and the Swiss negotiated to associate themselves with a European currency regime .
In a stable world of confident markets , small countries can rest easy with their own monetary regimes .
American mortgages were no longer held at the local bank , but had been repackaged in esoteric financial instruments and sold around the world ; likewise , Greek government debt is in large part owed to foreigners .
Even US President Franklin Roosevelt jovially slapped his thigh when Reichsbank President Hjalmar Schacht told him that Nazi Germany would default on its external loans , including those owed to American banks , exclaiming , `` Serves the Wall Street bankers right ! ''
Today , there is a higher level of bankruptcy in the United States than in the European Union , and it is easier for bankrupt Americans to embark on new ventures .
As a result , Americans are more prepared to be innovative .
The notion of `` concerted lending '' was applied in the big Mexican crisis of 1994-95 and in the East Asian crisis of 1997-8 .
By being less concerned with preventing default , we can make risk and reward more congruent with each other .
The threat posed by Europe 's current policy impasse can hardly be overestimated .
But it can -- and has -- been done , and it can be remarkably successful at satisfying peak demand for stability .
In the 1990 's , it looked as if the rest of the world wanted to do business the American way , with active capital markets and company bosses responding to shareholder interests .
This Americanization was often described simply as `` globalization . ''
Then came a backlash , fuelled in large part by the Enron debacle and other corporate scandals .
Much of the world began to turn away from the American way of doing business . Europeans and Asians claimed with renewed vigor that their capitalist model involved a greater commitment to long-term values and a long-term vision .
At the beginning of the 21st century , family interests reasserted themselves in continental Europe in a surprising way , ousting managers who seemed to have become too Americanized .
The two styles of capitalism can be contrasted as the family firm versus the post-modern firm .
The US-style post-modern firm sees market dominance in terms of branding , or a manipulation of images that gives intellectual hegemony and can lead to market dominance .
New brands can assert themselves by acquiring symbolic capital .
Americans fear their markets being flooded by Chinese goods .
In particular , Americans were frightened by Japanese consumer products -- televisions , which wiped out domestic production , and automobiles , which seemed so malignly efficient .
Thanks to Japanese car producers , American manufacturers learned to produce more efficiently and competitively .
China can already see considerable problems in the medium term .
Because tuberculosis affects working-age people , it can be a trigger of household poverty .
Some 100 million of China 's 200 million young male smokers and about 40 million of India 's 100 million young male smokers will eventually die from tobacco-related causes . A multi-faceted approach to smoking control is one of the few proven approaches to prevention of heart disease and cancer .
But there is an important exception : strengthening surgical capacity , particularly in local hospitals , can inexpensively -LRB- and often decisively -RRB- address abdominal conditions .
If IDUs inject heroin or related opiates -- as is primarily the case in Eastern Europe -- establishing opiate substitution programs with methadone or buprenorphine can dramatically slow HIV transmission .
The people infected by IDUs also can infect others sexually , further fortifying the bridge into the `` general '' population .
Judging by their governments ' indifference , the remaining 99.982 % of the HIV-infected people in Eastern Europe -- and all those they place at risk of harm -- can just rot .
Now that the main combat in the Iraq war is over , the final environmental toll of the fighting can be uncovered through comprehensive on-the-ground analyses and the release of previously privileged information .
But the consequences of the increased mobility of sand are likely to be far worse than they were in Kuwait , where in the absence of significant agriculture and forests , the impact was mainly on technical systems and infrastructure .
Those emissions were insignificant from a global or regional point of view , but oil-drenched particles will likely have adverse health effects for local inhabitants and combatants .
The extent of destruction of Iraqi tanks during this war is not yet public information , but the same ground pollution can be expected .
However , whichever administration governs Iraq in the future must be prepared to face up to an environmental debt -- the cost of restoring what can be restored -- that will be a substantial liability for years to come .
Among the environmental effects are also health effects following exposure to hazardous materials , such as inhalation of smoke from burning oil fields or uranium dust , resulting in asthma and possibly lung cancer .
The amount of oil pumped into the Persian Gulf by the Iraqis in 1991 , probably to prevent an American Normandy-style landing , was over a million barrels and most likely close to 1.5 million tons -- fifty times the amount released from the tanker `` Prestige '' off the Spanish coast last fall and forty times as much oil as ravaged the coast of Alaska in the 1980 's , after the Exxon `` Valdez '' disaster .
Given the logistics involved in large-scale wars , there are also significant indirect or second-order effects , such as when a civilian oil tanker on route to Vietnam with fuel for America 's forces there ran aground on the coral island of Kiltan in the Laccadives .
The environmental consequences measured in economic terms are also significant .
Methyl mercury became the most cost-effective fungicide , because it had recently been banned in Scandinavia and several American states due to environmental and toxicological risks .
To avoid problems , I ate only dates and American corned beef canned in 1941 and 1942 for the US Army .
So the farmers dumped grain wherever they could -- along roadsides , in irrigation canals , in rivers .
Now the story can be told .
But whether anything can and will be done to belatedly help the victims is very much an open question .
Equally important , how can science see any meaning of life in the reconciliation of that apparent contradiction ?
Vegetation in large stretches of lowland can be hurt substantially as saltwater-tolerant mangroves and grasses take over from other species .
But whereas the damage to the environment on land can be seen , the ravages imposed on the marine environment are hidden .
Mozambique , Somalia , and Tanzania on the African side of the Indian Ocean have also reported severe damage to their fishing .
In most cases , the forbidden CFC 's have been labeled as permitted HFC 's -LRB- hydrogenfluorocarbons -RRB- , but labels like `` spray paint '' and `` lubricants '' also have been used .
One such line , which is presumed to be significant , goes from Europe -LRB- Spain -RRB- via Singapore or Dubai , through India to Nepal or Bangladesh and back again to the market in India .
For example , freezers that require CFC 's can be freely exported from , say , Sweden , where they can no longer legally be refilled when required , to Egypt , where refilling is allowed .
Most people find it easy to understand that being especially strong or fast , or able to withstand hunger , heat , or cold , can increase the chances of survival .
The very fact , he reasoned , that these features make life harder signals to prospective partners that individuals who can do reasonably well with them have an especially good genetic set-up and are thus likely to produce strong offspring .
If someone can do difficult things , not only carrying peacock tail feathers or a long dark lion mane , but also things that require much practice without contributing to physical fitness and survival , and yet stay alive , that individual must have especially good genes .
Most sports certainly contribute to physical fitness -- as do some other expressions of culture , such as ballet -- but what we admire in a player who can do extraordinary things with a ball is a technique that is utterly useless outside the playing field and has taken thousands of hours of practice to bring to perfection .
Of course , infrastructure can be rebuilt much more quickly than the environment can be restored or recover on its own .
One has only to recall `` Gulf War Syndrome , '' which emerged after the 1991 conflict , and the controversy surrounding the issue of what , if anything , affected US soldiers , to understand how difficult it can be to answer such questions until well after the fact .
When pulverized by bombs and missiles , asbestos fibers are freed and can be inhaled with the rest of the dust .
The protective suits that specially-trained people are legally required to wear in the European Union or the US when demolishing , rebuilding , or repairing any building containing asbestos underscore the risk of pulmonary fibrosis and lung cancer for Lebanese who inhale dust from bombed-out houses and offices .
Lebanon can not afford to pay anything close to such a sum .
Another blowout in the same waters 31 years ago , farther south on the Mexican side of the Gulf , turned into the largest peacetime oil spill ever .
The platform where that accident happened , called Ixtoc 1 , was operated by Pemex , the state-owned Mexican oil company .
A United Nations expert group that I led put the figure significantly higher .
After Ixtoc , the blow to the Mexican fisheries became a blessing in disguise . The dramatic reduction in fishing pressure allowed the devastated populations to recover , and five years later one had to look carefully to spot either remaining oil or damaged populations .
But governments can counter it in several ways : local language warnings with a prominent tax stamp on cigarette packs are one example .
Recently , no less than William F Buckley has argued that nicotine addiction can not be dismissed as free choice .
The Gates Foundation can fund action and research .
Because control policies deter children from starting , even greater benefits can be expected beyond 2050 .
Benjamin Franklin once said , `` In this world , nothing can be said to be certain , except death and taxes . ''
Publishing articles on the Internet can amount to `` committing an offense , '' and `` radical views '' may result in imprisonment .
Human rights and freedom can be made to disappear not only from Web sites , but also from reality .
Any Chinese can become another Liu Xiaobo if they choose to see through the lies of the regime 's `` Materialism\/Leninism . ''
Emerging more united from this tragedy , the country welcomed the world to the long-anticipated Olympics , which were remarkably successful , but were soon superseded by the tainted-dairy-product scandal in which many babies became ill , and some died .
As the worst recession since the1930 's continues , both the American and Chinese economies are bound to suffer further setbacks .
Even a brawl between the Chinese and a visiting American basketball team is viewed as evidence of China 's aggressive behavior .
It is heavily in debt , but can not stop spending and borrowing .
Despite decades of close interaction , with millions of Americans , Europeans , and Japanese visiting China every year and similar numbers of Chinese now visiting the US and other advanced countries , both sides see each other through a glass darkly .
Rather , it is how China intends to use its newly acquired economic and military strength in pursuing its domestic and foreign-policy goals -- and how the world 's leading powers can ensure that they do not end up harming each other by accident or misunderstanding .
A Cold War-style confrontation and containment policy from the West will be met with strong resistance from the Chinese , whose global leverage , particularly in finance , can not be ignored .
China Unbound Sydney -- The appointment of five provincial-level Chinese Communist Party chiefs in early December is a reminder that the ascension of China 's next generation of leaders , who will take power in 2012 , may be the most significant development in Chinese politics since Deng Xiaoping 's reign begin in 1978 .
Although increasingly assertive in Africa and Latin America , China largely remains a free-rider under the American security umbrella .
While older statesmen take pride in how far China has come , younger Party figures and elites -- especially those who have returned from American and other Western graduate schools -- are frustrated by that China 's strategic position in Asia and status within global and regional institutions remain relatively weak , despite the country 's rising economic power .
And the break-up of Standard Oil took place in great American style : the company was split into more than 30 pieces , the shareholders did very well , and the Rockefeller family went on to rehabilitate itself in the eyes of the American public .
Why are these antitrust tools not used against today 's megabanks , which have become so powerful that they can sway legislation and regulation massively in their favor , while also receiving generous taxpayer-financed bailouts as needed ?
And Kanjorski probably is right that not much would be required . `` If just one regulator uses these extraordinary powers -LRB- to break up too-big-to-fail banks -RRB- just once , '' he says , `` it will send a powerful message , '' one that would `` significantly reform how all financial services firms behave forever more . ''
Regulators can do a great deal , but they need political direction from the highest level in order to make genuine progress .
WASHINGTON , DC -- The United States has a significant budget deficit , likely to be $ 1.3 trillion -LRB- 10 % of GDP -RRB- this year , and the long-term forecasts are worrying .
The US can finance these deficits in the short term -- in fact , interest rates on US Treasuries have recently fallen to record low levels .
To be sure , a simple VAT is regressive , though it can be made progressive by combining it with a partial rebate or by exempting necessities .
The IMF , which should be standing up to this dangerous bargain , instead plans to open the spigots -LRB- with Chinese , American , and other countries ' funds -RRB- even more widely to insolvent nations .
The trick was to offer banks the opportunity to swap their claims on -LRB- insolvent -RRB- Latin American countries into long-maturity , low-coupon bonds that were collateralized with US Treasuries .
Here , the West Europeans play a major role , because they are greatly overrepresented on the IMF 's executive board and , despite all entreaties , simply refuse to consolidate their seats in order to give emerging markets significantly more influence .
Second , the US has run record current-account deficits over the past decade , as the political elite -- Republican and Democrats alike -- became increasingly comfortable with overconsumption .
Yet their new proposals , which bizarrely imply that defaults can happen only after mid-2013 , defy the basic economics of debt defaults .
How long does default last before the country can reach an agreement with its creditors ?
The benefits of default are the savings on future payments by the government -- especially payments to non-residents , who can not vote .
Countries that are near the point where `` ca n't pay '' becomes `` wo n't pay '' have high interest rates relative to benchmark `` safe '' debt issued by other governments , because even small shocks can shift the balance for decision-makers towards default .
But these interest-rate spreads make the benefits of non-payment greater , so the same shocks can send a country quickly into default .
If a country can support debt totaling 80 % of GNP -LRB- a rough but reasonable rule of thumb -RRB- , then we need approximately 50 % `` haircuts '' on this existing and forthcoming debt -LRB- reducing it to 75 % of its nominal value -RRB- .
If people start to think this way , Portugal , whose already high and growing debt is held largely by non-residents , becomes a candidate for default as well .
Perhaps Italy can survive , because most of its debt is held domestically , which makes default less likely .
But , as European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet likes to point out , market participants are good at thinking backwards : if they can see where a Ponzi-type scheme ends , everything unravels .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Democratic and Republican leaders in Washington are suddenly falling over themselves to agree on the need for major tax cuts -- affecting not just middle-class Americans , but also very rich people -LRB- both living and when they die -RRB- .
Bush was competing with Ronald Reagan for the Republican nomination in 1980 .
There may be some temporary positive impact on demand , or higher interest rates could offset the entire fiscal push -- rates on the benchmark 10-year Treasury bond are up significantly from a month ago -LRB- from 3.21 % to 4.16 % -RRB- , when the discussion of tax cuts began in earnest .
The market is nervous -- mostly about the prospect of large fiscal deficits as far as the eye can see .
Most American politicians like to think and talk only about the US .
Some people expected Paul Ryan , a rising star within the Republican Party who will become Chairman of the House budget committee in the next Congress , to provide a fiscally responsible anchor to the next round of the deficit debate in the US .
Writing in The Financial Times in early November , Ryan suggested , `` America is eager for an adult conversation on the threat of debt . '' But all indications are that he is just as childishly reckless on fiscal policy as most of his Republican colleagues since Ronald Reagan .
In December , the Republican minority on the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission -LRB- FCIC -RRB- , weighed in with a preemptive dissenting narrative . According to this group , misguided government policies , aimed at increasing homeownership among relatively poor people , pushed too many into taking out subprime mortgages that they could not afford .
This narrative has the potential to gain a great deal of support , particularly in the Republican-controlled House of Representatives and in the run-up to the 2012 presidential election .
But , while the FCIC Republicans write eloquently , do they have any evidence to back up their assertions ?
Not according to Daron Acemoglu of MIT -LRB- and a co-author of mine on other topics -RRB- , who presented his findings at the American Finance Association 's annual meeting in early January . -LRB- The slides are on his MIT Web site . -RRB-
Acemoglu breaks down the Republican narrative into three distinct questions .
There is a clear corollary : the voices and interests of relatively poor people count for little in American politics .
The FCIC Republicans point the finger firmly at Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and other government-sponsored enterprises that supported housing loans by providing guarantees of various kinds .
The FCIC Republicans are right to place the government at the center of what went wrong .
Countries that ran significant current-account surpluses , built up large reserves , and fixed -LRB- or heavily managed -RRB- their exchange rates in order to support the first two objectives appeared to secure external stability .
The US current-account deficit can persist above roughly 3 % of GDP only if unrealistic assumptions are made about the share of US assets that the rest of the world is willing to hold .
Specifically , problems in the US housing sector have , since summer , undermined confidence in securitized assets . The net result has been to shift global portfolio preferences in ways that have affected some exchange rates significantly .
Ordinarily , you might expect House Republicans to blink at this stage of the negotiations , but there is a hardline minority that actually appears to think that defaulting on government debt would not be a bad thing .
But the consequences of any default would , ironically , actually increase the size of government relative to the US economy -- the very outcome that Republican intransigents claim to be trying to avoid .
America 's ability to export would also be undermined , because foreign markets would likely be affected , and because , in any case , if export firms can not get credit , they most likely can not produce .
The Republicans are right about one thing : a default would cause government spending to contract in real terms .
The House and Senate Republicans who do not want to raise the debt ceiling are playing with fire .
The only law that Congress can not repeal is the law of unintended consequences .
But , with Greece and other troubled euro-zone economies -LRB- known to their detractors as the PIIGS : Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece , and Spain -RRB- having surrendered monetary policy to the European Central Bank -LRB- ECB -RRB- in Frankfurt , their currencies can not fall in this fashion .
Since early 2009 , the Fund has had significantly greater resources to lend to countries in trouble , to cushion the blow of crisis , and to offer a form of international circuit-breaker when it looks like the lights might otherwise go out .
We can expect to hear all kinds of misleading excuses from EU sources for excluding the IMF : `` the Fund is too American , '' `` Europe must resolve its own problems , '' and `` the IMF is not appropriate to our circumstances . ''
Greece is now at a crossroads similar to that of Kazakhstan and Ireland : the government borrowed heavily for the last decade and squandered the money on a bloated -LRB- and unionized -RRB- public sector -LRB- rather than modern -- and vacant -- real estate -RRB- , with government debt approaching 150 % of GDP .
European leaders are wrong if they believe that Greece can achieve a solution through a resumption of normal market lending .
Greece simply can not afford to repay its debt at interest rates that reflect the inherent risk .
In this context , `` resolution '' means that a bank 's managers are fired , shareholders are wiped out , and unsecured creditors can suffer losses .
And of course the credit markets know this , so they lend more cheaply to JP Morgan Chase and other megabanks than to smaller banks that really can fail .
As you can infer from the title of my new book , 13 Bankers : The Wall Street Takeover and the Next Financial Meltdown -LRB- co-authored with James Kwak -RRB- , the global consequences will be dire .
No significant Wall Street voices acknowledged his concerns -- preferring instead to praise the equity markets as a shining example of well-functioning technology .
We can not merely rely on regulators to do the right thing .
In particular , regulators have no chance to look over the horizon and act preventively when markets are opaque , and when powerful Wall Street interests -LRB- and their Capitol Hill allies -RRB- can circle the wagons and claim that there is no problem .
This can end only one way : badly .
With a clear commitment to the low-carbon industrial revolution , businesses around the world , large or small , can compete with confidence , invest with certainty , and drive the scale and innovation necessary to make the changes we need to make .
The effort requires significant investment , not least in infrastructure development in both the developed and developing world .
Fundamentally , this is changing the way we invest and changing the direction of the economy , so that we can grow sustainably on the low-carbon path .
For example , in the US , energy efficiency measures alone can save over a trillion dollars , while driving job creation and growth in the short-term , aiding the economic recovery and providing the economic stimulus required to accelerate investment in low-carbon energy generation and use .
Specifically , a global agreement at Copenhagen can deliver three things for business :
With these three straightforward principles at its core , a global deal signed in Copenhagen can fire the starting pistol for the new industrial revolution , the low-carbon revolution , creating significant growth , job creation and economic development throughout the world .
Alternatively , the number of working years required to qualify for a full retirement benefit can be increased .
Besides the generosity of benefits , there is the issue of when one can first claim them .
The implicit tax from working another year and forgoing pension benefits can sometimes be close to a person 's net earnings during that year .
Many European governments used compulsory early retirement to push down the unemployment rate , effectively reducing the number of applicants for any given job by ridding the labor market of older , more expensive workers .
Iran 's Less-is-More Nuclear Policy NEW YORK -- The recent United States National Intelligence Estimate -LRB- NIE -RRB- , which reports that Iran once had a `` nuclear weapons program '' but suspended it in 2003 , means that there will probably be no American attack on Iran during the Bush administration .
Once that 's done , any nation -- or even a sophisticated terrorist group -- can do the rest .
The remaining step -- slamming two pieces of HEU together to create a critical mass and an explosion -- is easy : the blueprints can be downloaded from the Internet .
Yet it is work on the easy steps , allegedly attempted and then canceled , that the NIE called Iran 's `` nuclear weapon program . ''
In light of the technical realities , it would have been more accurate to designate the difficult and openly acknowledged enrichment activity as the nuclear weapons program , for this is what can supply the guts of an atomic bomb .
Remembering Robert McNamara NEW YORK -- I first met Robert McNamara , the US Secretary of Defense who presided over the American buildup in Vietnam , in the summer of 1967 .
I had just returned from a trip to South Vietnam , where , as a reporter for The New Yorker , I witnessed the destruction , by American air power , of two provinces , Quang Ngai and Quang Tinh .
Leaflets dropped on villages announced , `` The Vietcong hide among innocent women and children in your villages ... If the Vietcong in this area use you or your village for this purpose , you can expect death from the sky . ''
-LRB- Five months later , in March of 1968 , American troops committed the massacre at My Lai . -RRB-
They showed that McNamara had sent the manuscript to the American Ambassador in South Vietnam , Ellsworth Bunker , who requested a certain Bob Kelly to write an overall report , with a view to discrediting my reporting , and arranged to get The Atlantic magazine -LRB- where Bunker mistakenly thought my article was scheduled to appear -RRB- to `` withhold publication . ''
Thus , the main reason for not fighting the war in the first place , namely the perfectly obvious hatred of the majority of the population for the American invasion and occupation , became a justification for the war .
Should he never have recommended the war , or presided over it in the first place , and should there never been an American war in Vietnam ?
I can name only one : Robert McNamara .
Obama 's Vietnam Syndrome NEW HAVEN -- There can be no military resolution to the war in Afghanistan , only a political one .
Is there anyone on earth who does not know that a guerilla war can not be won without winning the `` hearts and minds '' of the people ?
The American public has known this since its defeat in Vietnam .
Americans are accustomed to thinking that their country 's bitter experience in Vietnam taught certain lessons that became cautionary principles .
In a memo of 1964 , he wrote that `` the political damage to Truman and Acheson from the fall of China arose because most Americans came to believe that we could and should have done more than we did to prevent it .
What is uncanny about the current debate about Afghanistan is the degree to which it displays continuity with the Vietnam debates , and the Obama administration knows it .
To most Americans , Vietnam taught one big lesson : `` Do n't do it again ! '' But , to the US military , Vietnam taught a host of little lessons , adding up to `` Do it better ! ''
George McGovern , the Democratic presidential candidate in 1972 , proposed to end the war , which by then was unpopular , yet lost the election in a landslide .
Does the American body politic have a reverse gear ?
Whoever can answer these questions will have discovered one of the keys to a half-century of American history -- and the forces that , even now , bear down on Obama over Afghanistan .
NEW YORK -- Whenever I hear people on America 's Republican right call themselves `` conservative , '' I experience the mental equivalent of a slight electric shock .
By this the standard , the right in the United States -- the party of Fox News , the Tea Party , and , increasingly , of the Republican Party itself -- are no longer conservatives .
They are even nuclear radicals , and many seek to obstruct the New START treaty with Russia , which would modestly advance the arms-control agenda pursued by all Republican presidents since Richard Nixon .
Tea Party candidates have even hinted that armed resistance to the US government may soon be justifiable .
Of all this we can say what the political thinker Hannah Arendt said of the anti-Semitic forgery The Protocols of the Elders of Zion .
Since roughly 1994 , when Newt Gingrich engineered the Republican takeover of the US House of Representatives , Republicans have taken to calling themselves `` revolutionaries '' -- not a word often found on the lips of conservatives .
Peace in the region , and within Pakistan , depends on the answer to this question , which only Pakistani civil society -- not the US , NATO , or any `` surge '' -- can provide .
Indeed , the question in this region is not whether the war on terror can be wound down , but whether Pakistan , which in many ways has become Islamic terrorism 's nexus , is doing all that it can to fight it .
Russia proposed this kind of swap earlier , but Iran declined the offer , and the version agreed with Brazil and Turkey was likewise intended to forestall Iran 's ability to produce highly enriched uranium -LRB- HEU -RRB- , which can be used for nuclear warheads .
But its other intention was probably to stymie American efforts to adopt new United Nations sanctions on Iran .
Nevertheless , the effort to preempt American strategy clearly failed , as new UN sanctions were implemented earlier this month .
Simply copying American , British , or other Western policies and institutions will not work .
Moreover , India is not China ; it can not be -- indeed , it must not be .
Only such `` just '' growth can eventually be converted into high GNC : `` Gross National Contentment , '' a truer index of economic well-being .
Only an inclusive approach to reform can meet peoples ' expectations , and in turn spread contentment .
It does not need more regulations , but rather a vastly larger canvas for individual freedom and opportunity .
India 's economy must be freed from the organizing principle of state control , so that individual enterprise and creativity can become its main engine .
Yet , despite the relative youth of this research , a clear consensus has emerged : climate change -- for which human activity is significantly , though not exclusively , responsible -- now threatens our way of life , so we must develop the means to combat it .
But I also believe that the fundamentalist approach that can be sensed in certain circles is skirting the limits of the acceptable .
How can fundamentalists advocate limiting economic growth as a solution to the problem of global warming when there are men , women , and children in their hundreds of millions , all over the world , who still lead lives of abject poverty and are in desperate need of help ?
People in poor parts of the world have a right to economic development so that they can produce their own food , gain access to clean water , live in adequate shelter , and have all the benefits represented by hospitals and schools .
These are essential human rights , and they can be realized only through economic growth , not stagnation .
As cities continue to grow and spread across the world , reducing energy consumption and improving our quality of life require us to ensure that their inhabitants can travel relatively short distances to work
As the South African example shows , such agreements can even promote a country 's development .
Even so , while informal institutions can improve people 's lives , they can also be detrimental to development .
The very resources that form the basis of informal security systems -- solidarity , social capital , and collective action , for example , can have perverse effects .
Likewise , the tradition of female circumcision is still a common practice in African countries such as Guinea , Sudan , Mali , Somalia , and Eritrea , where more than 85 % of young women suffer from it .
For example , trying to eliminate corruption in environments with strong patronage-based power and redistribution mechanisms while failing to address the root problems can do more harm than good , and might lead to violent conflicts over new resources .
This is a key conclusion of the 2003\/2004 African Economic Outlook , published recently by the OECD . While almost half of Africa 's 53 countries could profitably produce hydropower , only 7 % of this potential is reached because of poor infrastructure and the high costs of initial investments .
Of the fossil energy sources - primarily oil - that African countries do exploit , only a quarter is consumed locally .
More than three quarters of sub-Saharan Africans have no access to electricity , compared to fewer than 14 % of Latin Americans and East Asians .
As a result , most Africans use biomass -LRB- animal and vegetable wastes and firewood -RRB- for lighting , cooking , and heating .
Clearly , African countries , assisted by their development partners , need to develop the continent 's enormous energy potential as an integral part of their efforts to spur economic growth and reduce poverty .
More attention should also be given to regional and inter-regional power initiatives , which can help smooth out the uneven distribution of energy resources across countries .
The NEPAD Heads of States Implementing Committee has asked the African Development Bank to take the lead in regional infrastructure -LRB- including transport , energy , water , etc. -RRB- and banking and financial standards .
The African Economic Outlook estimates that Africa 's GDP growth in 2003 stood at 3.6 % , significantly higher than the 2.8 % recorded in 2002 .
TUNIS -- Like a long dormant volcano that suddenly erupts , the revolutions that have swept across North Africa -- against a backdrop of strong economic performance -- took all by surprise .
What the North African situation has taught us is that we must humbly accept that we may not always have had the right responses in the past .
The lesson from the North African uprisings is clear : this was a revolution not about ideology , but about freedom , social inclusion , political voice , and government accountability .
To some extent , what North African countries are experiencing , it could be argued , is the classic middle-income-country trap , with economic performance constrained and undermined by limited economic transformation towards higher value-added production and insufficient political , social , and economic inclusion .
All of this could have a significant impact on poor and vulnerable segments of the population , compounded by possible hikes in food prices and a further rise in unemployment .
On the other hand , we can be confident that the longer-term gains of social and political change will be positive , as the drag of predatory corruption and limitations on individual and economic liberties are eliminated .
As Africa 's leading development-finance institution , the African Development Bank will support our North African members , enhancing governance and institutions , strengthening social safety nets , and laying the basis for a strong economic recovery .
With the emerging democratic dispensation , we have partners with whom we can engage on governance issues .
No country or region can truly aspire to full , broad-based economic growth without pulling along all segments of its population and without giving a voice to all .
In 2008 for instance , the Maghreb Private Equity Fund received investments of nearly ¤ 20 million from the African Development Bank , which strengthened selected small and medium enterprises in Morocco , Algeria , Tunisia , and Libya , transforming them into stronger regional players .
A recent study has shown that the anti-depressant Citalopram can change the responses of individuals to hypothetical moral dilemma scenarios .
We could all be morally better , but it is clear that this traditional approach can not take us much further .
On April 27 , 2007 , the Turkish Armed Forces issued a statement opposing the presidential candidacy of Abdullah Gul , Turkey 's deputy prime minister and foreign minister at the time , warning that if Gul was elected , Turkey would descend into chaos .
Daniel Pipes , an American polemicist , has gone so far as almost to endorse the military coups of 1960 , 1971 , 1980 , and 1997 , arguing that `` on four occasions between 1960 and 1997 , the military intervened to repair a political process gone awry . ''
One wonders if Pipes would accept the US military taking over the American government if it should ever unilaterally conclude that American politics had gone awry .
Any night , the military 's agents can come for you , take you away , and make sure you are never heard from again .
Subsistence farming of traditional food grains , fruits , and vegetables is giving way to cash crops and monocultures dependent on high-priced inputs that small farmers can not afford and water that they ca n't provide .
At the same time , in the face of an alarming increase in the number of terrorist attacks , Manmohan Singh 's government has also indulged in a heavy-handed response to suspected Islamist terrorists , who are hauled off on flimsy evidence and killed before they can be convicted of any crime .
The Americans are happy that India 's pesky left , reduced to a paltry 24 seats , has been all but eliminated from national government .
With rare candor , China 's government recently released statistics on people arrested and prosecuted for endangering state security , the most serious political offence in the criminal code .
Japan 's warships can help with sanctions monitoring and minesweeping .
Its ships and aircraft can rescue stranded nationals .
But these incremental changes in Japan 's military capacity and policies , though necessary and effective , can be sustained only with a clear national consensus on the country 's defense interests .
Only a truly popular political mandate can assure that the Japanese people are fully aware of their international responsibilities as an influential nation in the international community .
A rich and powerful Japan in a region as dangerous as East Asia can not go on playing military bit parts forever .
That Prime Minister Abe and Chinese President Hu Jintao agreed that a North Korean nuclear test `` can not be tolerated '' suggests that this new activism may help to stabilize Asian security .
Furthermore , Abe will seek to reorganize the prime minister 's office to reinforce its ability to function as a political headquarters that can make quick decisions on national strategy concerning diplomatic and security issues .
But high expectations , both domestically and internationally , can lead to huge disappointments .
With almost daily terrorist attacks , ordinary citizens victimized by shell and gunfire or misconceived bombing , the abuses of Iraqi prisoners , and the hostility of Iraq 's Shiites - on whom the US had pinned high hopes for the peace process - American policy is in jeopardy of failure .
For example , while the likelihood of an invasion threat is judged to be low , the Defense White Paper of 2004 argues that the SDF 's `` most fundamental function '' is to prepare for the worst , because sufficient defensive power can not be developed overnight .
Of course , defense capability can not be judged solely according to force levels .
With this in mind , the North Koreans ' motives in playing the nuclear trump card are clear , and the timing could n't have seemed more advantageous for them : force the Americans into making concessions while the situation in Iraq leaves the US with no room for maneuver , and undercut the rising call in Japan for economic sanctions against North Korea over the abduction issue .
But dialogue with the Kim regime can not be an end in itself .
Yet the pressure for fundamental change -- particularly of Article 9 , which putatively pledges that Japan will never maintain armed forces -- is such that there is a real chance that these obstacles can and will be overcome .
Across Japan , there is a growing view that some of these policies can not wait for constitutional amendment .
In nearby Thailand , China has invested $ 20 billion in a plan to build a canal across the Kra Isthmus to connect the Indian Ocean and the Gulf of Siam , thereby providing an alternate oil import route that avoids the Strait of Malacca .
In the past , such a combination of countries was almost unthinkable , and these exercises can not be explained away as simple `` one-off '' affairs with little resonance .
Nowadays , however , the SCO is often used as a forum to campaign against supposed American unilateralism and to provide a united front -- especially between China and Russia -- against the US with respect to security and arms-reduction issues in the region .
Whenever complaints come up in the United Nations ' Human Rights Committee , China can count on the support of many African countries that have their own human rights problems .
Even the selection of Beijing as the site of the 2008 Olympics benefited from `` African votes . ''
And China has publicly stated that it will back African nations in potential disputes at the World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- and other international organizations .
Similarly , many African states now seem to be leaning heavily toward China in its dispute with Taiwan .
When Japan 's government tried to become a permanent member of the UN Security Council , few African countries backed its bid , despite receiving economic aid for decades .
A former deputy chairman of the Central Bank of Turkmenistan and later an outspoken critic of Turkmenbashi 's government , Hadjiev , a senior member of the exiled Watan -LRB- Republican -RRB- Party , received `` humanitarian parole '' -- a protected category of individuals that falls short of refugee status -- when he reached Bulgaria .
By granting him political asylum , we can make a resounding statement that authoritarian regimes can no longer count on support within Europe 's borders .
But I think the crisis is deeper , reflecting a lack of awareness of the paths and goals of human development -- an ignorance that can not be reduced to Western-style democracy or liberal ideas .
`` Preservation of the people '' requires nothing less than that our men take care of themselves so that they can take proper care of our children .
Obama and the Rise of the Rest NEW YORK -- American elections usually produce a brief euphoria ; the public sense of renewal , of future possibilities , acts as a shot of adrenaline .
Moreover , the power of America 's presidency , and of the United States , has undergone dramatic shifts in recent years , making our era unlike earlier periods when the world was in flux and a new American president faced deep challenges .
Until recently , it was possible to speak of `` the rise of the rest '' without forecasting a decrease in American power .
Meanwhile , it can use its $ 2 trillion of reserves as a cushion when the US and global economy sag .
Yet no clear Russian `` footprint '' on these issues can be discerned .
For example , the Ukraine debacle could have been avoided had we evaluated the political situation in a timely manner and backed the candidate who was practically certain to win .
Western Geopolitics : An Infantile Disorder Recent statements from some American leaders and NATO representatives give the impression that not only Islamic and other radicals , but also quite civilized figures , are losing their grasp of reality and have begun acting irrationally .
Indeed , anti-American coalitions have appeared not only in the Middle East but also in Latin America , while some Western politicians have apparently sought to aggravate relationships with Russia and China in order to restore transatlantic solidarity and further weaken Europe .
For example , there is talk of installing anti-missile defense systems in Poland in proximity to the Russian border , supposedly to prevent terrorist missile strikes , which by definition can not reach Poland .
Nobody can afford so seriously dangerous an expansion of NATO into Ukraine .
The current Euro-Atlantic security architecture seems to suit the majority of Americans and Europeans , though it is becoming increasingly fragile and counterproductive .
The return of strategic nuclear weapons to the center of world politics increases Russia 's political weight and highlights the field in which Russia can still assert itself as a superpower .
The few accords reached at the summit , although welcome , are not as significant as the impression that the summit created that world leaders are ready to work together to confront nuclear proliferation .
But nuclear arms also have a significant moral distinction : unlike other weapons , they are an effective means of preventing the large-scale wars and mass destruction of people , property , and cultures that have plagued humanity throughout recorded history .
Indeed , the four American strategists who first called for `` nuclear zero '' -- Henry Kissinger , George Shultz , William Perry , and Sam Nunn -- have partly backtracked , and are now calling for an end to the doctrine of `` mutual assured destruction . ''
Moreover , Russia is not interested in reducing this part of its nuclear arsenal significantly .
While missile defense is most likely unnecessary , given the absence of any serious threat , the Obama administration and other American realists -- who are aware of the impossibility and uselessness of creating a multi-layered anti-ballistic missile -LRB- ABM -RRB- system -- need such talks .
But what is really needed is effective cooperation where it counts the most : containing the increasing instability in the Greater Middle East , ensuring that Afghanistan does not turn into yet another regional cancer , and preventing a chain reaction of nuclear proliferation in the region .
So far , only the US and Russia -- with the assistance , one hopes , of China , India , and EU -- can hope to address these problems more or less effectively .
They can offer security guarantees to responsible countries in the region .
As long as we remain unable to make ourselves think and act in a civilized way , we can -- indeed , we must -- ensure that we do not become barbaric .
But the Chinese are already offering Russia projects that are similar to those that they promote in African states : the development of resources with Chinese money and Chinese labor . Russia must act now to secure a more dignified and beneficial place in a future world order .
A struggle for preserving the vestiges of greatness may be a worthy goal ; perhaps France , a country richer than Russia , can afford these objectives .
Some people in Russia -- traditional leftists and corrupt bureaucrats afraid of a more open system -- indulge in anti-American rhetoric .
But anti-Americanism is simply irrational for Russia , which only stands to gain from an alliance with the world 's economic and political leader .
Russia will both derive large revenues from oil for many decades and can also play the role of an `` energy stabilizer '' that will be important for maintaining world peace .
Similarly , rearguard efforts to prove that those who opposed war in Iraq were right and that the Americans and the Britons wrong , together with demands for `` proof '' that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction , are unconstructive and only cause mutual irritation .
The UN can not be preserved and reformed without cooperation from the US , however distressful this may be to some .
The war on terrorism can not be fought in Afghan villages .
If we can all work together -- Afghanistan , Pakistan , India , the United States , and our allies -- I see a possibility of moving beyond the days when a government thinks it needs extremism as an instrument of policy .
Only utter hopelessness can drive so young a man to such an act .
We must rescue these people by giving them a better future , which only more education and new opportunities can bring .
ASEAN can not afford to stand by idly . Neither can the international community .
More importantly , American control has meant that throughout their history these institutions have been used as an adjunct of US foreign policy .
But the Obama administration can still help -- for example , by asking the Federal Reserve to expand the currency swap arrangements that it recently offered to Singapore , South Korea , and Brazil to other developing countries .
We can measure the discrepancy between what we think we know and what we actually know by simply asking people , after they have given their initial ratings , to tell us how some things work in as much detail as they can and then to rate their knowledge again in light of their attempt to explain .
Similarly , we can ask them to answer critical diagnostic questions -LRB- for example , `` How does a helicopter go from hovering in place to flying forward ? '' -RRB-
Or we can simply provide them with a concise but meaty expert explanation .
We can be appropriately modest about our knowledge of other things , but not so about our ability to explain the workings of the world .
One important factor underlying the illusion of explanatory depth arises from the richly hierarchical nature of most complex systems , which means that they can be understood at several levels of analysis .
One can understand how a computer `` works '' in terms of the high-level functions of the mouse , the hard drive , and the display while not having any understanding of the mechanisms that enable a cursor to move when a mouse is moved , or allow information to be stored and erased , or control pixels on a screen .
The more parts you can see , the more you think you know how those parts actually work .
As coalition forces were routing the Iraqi army in February 1991 , President George H.W. Bush encouraged the Iraqi people to `` take matters into their hands to force Saddam Hussein the dictator to step aside . '' When Iraqi Shiites , Kurds , and Marsh Arabs rebelled against Hussein , they believed that American forces would protect them against their brutal dictator 's superior firepower .
We can not wait for that to happen .
The support of NATO and the African Union are important .
Qaddafi can not be allowed to think that he can massacre his people with impunity .
And he can not be free to make those attacks more lethal by using his airpower .
If the UN can not approve a resolution for implementing a no-fly zone , then the US and its allies in NATO and the Arab world must be prepared to prevent a massacre like the one that occurred in Srebrenica in 1995 , when more than 8,000 Bosnian men and boys were slaughtered .
Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , has repeatedly said in public settings that he will not declare his preference among the candidates .
Indeed , in Mashad on March 21 , Ayatollah Khamenei said , `` There were some rumors that I support a special candidate for the presidential elections .
But I have one vote , and I would not determine a certain candidate because the people themselves should choose their candidates based on their own knowledge . ''
No candidate can be elected president of Iran without significant support among younger voters .
As of this writing , only two presidential candidates have declared themselves : former Prime Minister Mir Hossein Moussavi and former parliament speaker Mehdi Karroubi .
Assuming that Ahmadinejad seeks re-election , this line-up lacks any candidate with clear appeal to the youth vote .
Among the other candidates , who will pick up this slack ?
Standing in the wings is one possible candidate who might take up where Khatami left off and address the economic and cultural concerns of young Iranians . Though he has not announced his candidacy , Mohammad Baquer Qalibaf , now Mayor of Tehran and formerly the country 's chief of police , has a relatively moderate track record and an image of someone who can get things done .
If he does n't , and if no younger candidate emerges , the youth bloc in Iran 's electorate may have nowhere to turn .
Nor can it exercise its traditional functions in the religious sphere to provide support to civil society in the country .
At a time when the Islamic Republic has failed in its economic and political promises to the Iranian people , the regime 's most glaring weakness may prove to be the absence of a credible religious authority that can justify its shortcomings .
His foremost rival , Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , a former president who Ahmedinejad defeated to win the post , has had a remarkable reversal of fortune , reemerging as leader of the Assembly of Experts , the powerful body that elects Iran 's Supreme Leader and that can even remove a Supreme Leader from office .
Indeed , only a military confrontation with the US can bring him back to the center of decision-making . American policymakers should bear that in mind .
One American politician who understands how to work with the Iranian power structure is former Congressman Lee Hamilton , now head of the Woodrow Wilson Center .
Khamenei responded -- reportedly the first time he answered an American -- and Esfandiari was released in a matter of days .
A few months before the election , neither of the two main political currents , conservative and reformist , has settled on its candidate .
Among the reformists now in the race , Mehdi Karrobi , the former speaker of the Majlis is a declared reformist candidate .
Perhaps one of the most significant elements in Iran 's stagnation is that the Revolutionary Guards control a large portion of the economy , and are beyond the reach of government regulation .
The Iranian Revolutionary Guard have uniforms bearing a Koranic verse that reads , `` Make ready for them whatever force and strings of horses you can , to terrify thereby the enemy of God and your enemy , and others besides them that you know not ; God knows them . ''
It does not believe that sanctions can bring about its collapse .
In this sense , the Iranian people can be regarded as a strategic ally of the West , not only because they want democracy at home and peace in the region , but because their continued protests offer the West the most effective leverage against the Islamic Republic 's nuclear program .
The Supreme Leader has absolute authority and can veto decisions made by the executive , legislative , and judicial branches of government .
The president travels widely , speaks frequently , and mobilizes political support with his anti-American and anti-Western rhetoric .
Thus , Khamenei can present himself as a defender of the clergy , which , given widespread doubt about his clerical credentials since he took power 21 years ago , enhances his position .
Clerics know that if Khamenei weakens , Ahmadinejad 's circle can manipulate widespread anti-clerical resentment and exclude them from power .
It is likely that the Guardian Council , which can veto legislation and bar candidates from standing in elections , will use its power to shift the balance in favor of Ahmadinejad 's conservative critics .
But , since Khamenei can not accept a single , united political faction , it is extremely unlikely that he will let the Larijani camp -LRB- which includes Tehran Mayor Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf and former Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati -RRB- become powerful enough to win the next presidential election .
One possible candidate is Said Jalili , Iran 's current nuclear negotiator , or someone like him .
But anti-American elements in the government leaked the news to an Arab newspaper , killing the deal and landing both the Reagan administration and the Iranian government in huge trouble .
He has repeatedly expressed his willingness to meet with US President Barack Obama -- even sending him a congratulatory letter on his inauguration -- and has traveled to New York to be interviewed by the American media much more often than his predecessors .
We demanded an independent judiciary , because we believed that democracy and prosperity are impossible without the rule of law , and that the rule of law requires a judiciary that can act as a constraint on the government .
Having gone to university in western countries , we were inspired by the American system of check and balances .
If the judges are not reinstated , how can there be free and fair elections ?
If the Chief Justice and the judges are reinstated , we can move toward a genuine democratic system .
After all , how can the party of a man who has less than 5 % support win the election now without rigging it ?
But in the last 16 years it has begun to reap the fruits of genuine democratic competition , because an independent judiciary and electoral commission gives people confidence that their vote can make a difference .
Until we have the same in Pakistan , no election can be free and fair .
But , more importantly , no military dictator can succeed where Musharraf has so clearly failed .
Shetty 's team has successfully participated in telemedicine consultations -- multi-specialty , non-stop availability , and supplemented by continuing education -- with hospitals in 14 African countries .
This effort is part of then Indian President A. P. J. Abdul Kalam 's ambitious pan-African e-Network project to link all 53 African capitals to tertiary care facilities across India .
Witness also an unprecedented convening of 48 African heads of state and senior officials in Beijing in 2006 to signal unequivocally that China would speak with the loudest voice .
The Olam and Wilmar joint venture is , in a sense , symptomatic of the combination of assets from across Asia that can catalyze productive change in Africa .
If these lessons are implemented , market forces can pick up where industrial policy leaves off .
As a result , commercial providers of debt or equity can not get the high returns and quick exits that they seek .
When both governments and markets fail , impact investors can stimulate change .
Donors soon helped launch other microfinance institutions in Mexico , India , Peru , Indonesia , and many African countries , where they could offer loans at 25-30 % interest rates -- well below traditional moneylender rates of 60-100 % -- and still generate strong profit margins .
Credit histories can not be shared , because a credit bureau is just getting started .
The lesson is that markets simply can not work without accompanying public goods and high-quality government supervision .
Although impact investors can lay the groundwork for commercial investors , they must also work in unison with government authorities to ensure well-functioning market systems .
Everyone , to some degree , has nostalgia for the past , some bleary idea of how the past can -LRB- rather than can not -RRB- work in the future .
What makes a market economy a market economy , I thought , is the fact that you can always find a Texaco or a BP , Elf or Statoil petrol station , or a Seven Eleven store in Alaska , South Carolina or Tokyo .
Soviet scientists believed that the Americans would keep their plans secret until after they had succeeded in launching a satellite , so all our efforts were put into beating the Americans to the launch .
My father and all the Soviet people thought that Sputnik 's success was natural , that , step by step , we were getting ahead of the Americans .
After all , we -- not the Americans -- had opened the world 's first nuclear power plant .
Korolev was the head of the council , but the other Chief Designers - -- more than a dozen -- considered themselves no less significant .
The first to revolt was engine designer Valentin Glushko , whose RD-170 liquid-propellant engine is used on Russian and some American rockets .
So , despite Sputnik 's initial triumph , a decade later the Soviets lost the race to the moon to the Americans .
America under President Bush seems to think that international diplomacy is some type of smorgasbord , and can pick and choose which international rules it will play by and which it will ignore .
That combination of maladies is usually only associated with despotism , which can be described as the anarchy of lawless rulers .
American troops , they complain , are on the ground in the former Soviet republics of Georgia , Kyrgizstan , Tadjikistan , and Uzbelistan .
Even as he hosted Kim in Moscow , Russian diplomats in Pyongyang were helping to protect an American spy in North Korea .
Previously spurned by America in its attempts to use its longstanding contacts in Asia , this assistance appears to have convinced America that Russia can be of real help in its diplomacy with North Korea .
The looming succession of Ilam Aliyev to replace his dying father , Haider Aliyev , as Azerbaijan 's ruler marks a triumph of nepotism on a scale other postcommunist leaders can only dream about .
By its nature communism -- whose bureaucracy still exists in almost unadulterated form in the countries of the former Soviet Union -- spawned lobbies and clans with a combined might that even the closest-knit family can scarcely expect to overcome .
As a result , postcommunists prefer to place their offspring in lucrative commercial jobs where they can pile up foreign-currency fortunes .
A glimpse of what it meant to be the child of a very top leader can be found in Svetlana Stalin 's account of her brother , Vasily . `` He lived in a big government dacha with an enormous staff , a stable and kennels , all of course at government expense ...
Relatives can work at jobs which it would be improper or inconvenient for the family 's head to be seen doing himself .
If and when communism collapses in China , the piling-up of fortunes within leading families will probably have played a crucial role by persuading those leaders that life can offer pursuits even more rewarding than the struggle for socialism .
Two practical questions can be asked of any political system : First , what distinguishes the political parties ?
The central issue in Russian politics is not the battle for votes . More significant by far is the competition for power that takes place in the bowels of the presidency .
Because Putin can not stomach opposition , he stifles the growth of parties .
Historically , attempts at modernization in Russia , even when they look real , as with Stalin 's industrialization or Yeltsin 's market reforms , ultimately result in a Potemkin village-like state of affairs , because Russian society can not change fast enough or with the patience necessary to see the changes through .
So , when Yeltsin 's American-style democratization of the 1990 's failed to bring `` orderly '' capitalism instantly , Putin on his accession imposed a restoration of state `` order , '' as if a stable political or economic system demanded a fusing of the Soviet past with the Orthodox Church and Mother Russia imagery .
By blending the Soviet past with the Tsarist past and a few shards of Yeltsin-era democracy , Putin seems to think that he can neutralize the extremes of Russian history .
Despite his insistence on rubbing shoulders with world leaders and portraying himself as a modernizer , Putin , like his predecessors , is in fact a ruler who believes that only authoritarian rule can protect his country from anarchy and disintegration .
Four years later , Bush 's arrogance and mendacity have been exposed for the entire world , including the American public , to see .
American actions were `` unilateral , '' `` illegitimate , '' and had forged a `` hotbed of further conflicts . ''
His embittered attempts to counter American power are equally short-sighted : helping Iran develop its nuclear program and selling high-tech weapons to China are hardly in Russia 's long-term strategic interest .
Everyone can now see the gross and historic failures of the Bush presidency .
Indeed , the American people have preempted the historians , rebuking Bush by electing a Democratic Congress in November 2006 .
The technicality the commission cited would be absurdly funny if its potential results were not so incendiary : the CEC objected to the fact that the Tymoshenko bloc candidates listed only their home towns on the party list , not their precise street address .
But for the past twenty years their blatant political chicanery has been met with a potent new force : the massed voices of ordinary people who refuse to be cowed .
Weak neighbors are states that the Kremlin can control , so why not expand Russian power by letting Ukraine slide into protest and anarchy if by doing so it brings that country back under Putin 's thumb ?
Before Zubkov 's nomination , reports swirled that the next prime minister would become Putin 's presidential successor , with Sergei Ivanov , a current deputy prime minister , dubbed the most likely candidate .
For the lesson of the years of communist misrule is this : no one man or party can know enough to manage a modern economy .
But this seems to be too much to ask of ex-KGB man Putin , for whom there can be no distinction between losing power and leaving it gracefully .
This bizarre transfer of office but not power -- perhaps a slight improvement on state governors in the American south who used to hand their offices to their wives when their term-limits expired -- is Putin 's scenario .
And from what I know of the man and his history , particularly his work in Hungary after 1989 , I can only wish that my great-grandfather could have met him .
Here the cheerful façade is composed of Russia 's miniature president , Dmitri Medvedev , whose job -- like that of the American First Lady -- is to keep up appearances .
Today , for the first time in our history , we have a chance to prove to ourselves and the world that Russia can develop democratically .
And , just this October , remembering the victims of Stalin , Medvedev wrote in his blog -LRB- itself a sign meant to convey how up-to-date he is -RRB- , `` We can hear voices saying that those numerous deaths were justified by some supreme goals of the state .
I am convinced that no development of a country , no success or ambitions , can be achieved through human grief and losses .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions . ''
But , since Putin put Medvedev in his job and can remove him anytime he pleases , Russia 's president is not opposed to the ways of the Putin regime .
He does not need to modernize Russia so that it can actually compete with the world 's mightiest powers ; he just needs to bluster enough that people -- particularly his own -- believe that Russia is once again among the first rank of nations .
Likewise , instead of welcoming the sort of foreign investors who can modernize the economy , the regime continues to wage its judicial war against Mikhail Khodorkovsky and Platon Lebedev of Yukos Oil .
Ukrainian Democracy and Its Cynics MOSCOW -- `` A pox on both your houses '' may be an appropriate individual response to frustration with the political candidates on offer in an election .
Indeed , it is patently clear from his own words that Yanukovich does not accept the legitimacy of the Orange Revolution , which means that he does not accept the bedrock principle of democracy that you can not cheat your way to power .
It is mind-boggling that an unrepentant , twice-convicted violent felon , a man who had sought to steal a presidential election -- and who advocated a violent crackdown on the men and women peacefully protesting against his electoral fraud -- should be a candidate for any office , let alone the presidency of a country of nearly 50 million people .
Yanukovich 's candidacy thus reveals much about the nature of the people who back him , and also about the fragility of Ukraine 's democracy .
In the tragedy that claimed the lives of Polish President Lech Kaczynski and 95 other Polish leaders , we can answer that question with certainty in at least one respect : history is to blame .
Perhaps so , but as the Polish essayist Stanislaw Jerzy Lec said : `` You can close your eyes to reality , but not to memories . ''
The scandal over Mayor Luzhkov 's incompetence in handling this summer 's deadly heat wave and wild fires is being portrayed as a split between the `` modernizing '' Medvedev and the `` old guard '' Putin .
Russians who are dissatisfied with the system still have a limited choice : either support marginal , weak , and discredited oppositional candidates , or , hoping for modernization from the top , side with the very system they oppose .
Of course , these people have been personally integrated into Europe for two decades now -- their money is in European banks ; their holiday villas are in the south of France , Tuscany , and the Greek isles ; their children are educated in the poshest boarding schools .
But , to sustain the charade of a strong and prosperous Russia , standing against the predations and hypocrisy of the West , the regime can not be as authoritarian as Putin himself might wish .
If he does n't step down or aside so that Russia can move forward , the system he has created may turn his own methods against him .
Power in Russia is a product of inertia and personal willfulness , and a generally apathetic public has traditionally surrendered to the country 's paradox of tyranny : a weak state believes that it can function as a strong state by depriving citizens of basic liberties and the ability to make their own decisions .
With the presidential term now extended to six years , we can expect an encore lasting up to 12 years -- longer than Putin 's original performance .
After 12 years in power , and grasping for 12 more , Putin can no longer sustain the pretense of adhering to democracy and promoting modernization .
Indeed , Russia 's elites know that things are going wrong , and are voting the only way they can -- with their feet and by bank transfer , moving their families and their wealth out of the country .
You expect nothing . You can only keep trying , keep pushing .
I have spent hundreds of hours working behind closed doors with various parties to the conflict -- Sudan 's Government , rebel leaders , neighbouring countries , and African Union partners .
But even as I push my brand of `` Asian '' diplomacy , it can sometimes feel a bit lonely to be an Asian at the international community 's diplomatic roundtable .
Asia 's contribution to the UN , though significant , could be greater .
Latin Americans and North Americans dream of creating a free-trade zone .
The African Union aspires to become a United States of Africa .
I also know how difficult reconciliation can be .
The United Nations is in Cyprus to help however it can . UN Peacekeepers have stood watch for more than 45 years .
A settlement would also send a message to the world that disputes as long-standing and complex as that in Cyprus can be resolved peacefully . That is why , despite all the obstacles , the negotiators must persevere along the road to peace .
Becoming a mother -- the rite of passage that Mothers ' Day celebrates -- can carry a terrible burden of fear , anxiety , and loss for many women and their families .
`` Life lost its meaning , '' she told American lawmakers in 2008 .
Simple blood tests , a doctor 's consultation , and someone qualified to help with the birth can make a huge difference .
Add some basic antibiotics , blood transfusions , and a safe operating room , and the risk of death can almost be eliminated .
I am counting on people around the world to back us in ending this silent scandal .
On Mothers ' Day , let us honor mothers around the world by pledging to do everything we can to make motherhood safer for all .
The performers were a troupe of young African singers , drummers and dancers , ranging in age from roughly eight to 28 .
As many as seven million Africans who should be getting treatment for HIV are not . Worldwide , the number is about 10 million .
Compounding the problem : donors have also been shifting their focus from AIDS to other diseases , because there is a sense that more lives can be saved more cheaply .
Surely we can do better .
The pain and suffering arising from last year 's earthquake was already enormous , and has since been compounded by Hurricane Tomas and an outbreak of cholera . Now there is growing tension surrounding the just completed election .
The World Health Organization and the Pan-American Health Organization -LRB- PAHO -RRB- estimate that the outbreak could affect some 400,000 people .
Essential medicines and materials are in short supply : water purification tablets , chlorine disinfectant , antibiotics , jerry cans , soap , water cisterns , and construction material for latrines .
This will not be a short-term crisis , so we can not think only in the short term in formulating our response .
But , at the end of the day , Haitians can stand only on their own .
No single country or group , however powerful , can deal with them alone .
But there is profound skepticism that we can do so .
The conventional wisdom is , however , wrong ; worse , it is dangerous , for we have all seen how quickly it can take hold , distort reality , and then harden like cement .
In December 2009 in Copenhagen , world leaders talked far into the night , and emerged , according to the conventional wisdom , with virtually nothing . In fact , though we did not get a comprehensive , legally binding treaty that would usher in an era of sustainable , low-carbon prosperity , as we had hoped , there were significant achievements in Copenhagen .
Let us work , instead , to build on many smaller advances , wherever we can make them -- by mobilizing support , creating broad alliances , building coalitions , and taking into account a web of moving parts and complex issues -- because that will set the stage for the eventual breakthroughs of tomorrow .
Forty years ago , a great American statesman , Dean Acheson , looked back at the excitement he felt in helping to build the post-World War II order .
These trends link the fate and future of today 's seven billion people as never before . No nation alone can solve the great global challenges of the twenty-first century . International cooperation is a universal need .
At a time when all nations are experiencing individual challenges , we need to forge a worldwide common agenda that can help to ensure that the seven billionth baby and future generations grow up in a world characterized by sustainable peace , prosperity , freedom , and justice .
Both want peace . A negotiated settlement can produce these outcomes , and the UN is a platform for forging such a peace .
Nations can no longer protect their interests , or advance the well-being of their people , without the partnership of the rest .
Wealthy countries worry about recession , while the poor can no longer afford to eat .
We did so this year in Haiti and other Caribbean nations hit by hurricanes .
In Georgia , the UN can help ease the tensions resulting from the recent conflict .
But it is dangerous to think that the UN can address today 's complex problems without the full backing of its member states .
Despite the real political difficulties , we can not let crimes against humanity go unpunished .
Resolutions mandating peace operations can not continue to be passed without the necessary troops , money , and materiel .
We can not send brave UN staff -- 25 of whom died this year -- around the world without assuring their security .
We can not reform this organization without the required resources .
You may imagine , then , the powerful memories that I felt when I visited the Mwandama Millennium Village in the deeply impoverished southern African country of Malawi .
The Millennium Village Project , a partnership of academia , business , and UN agencies , aims to show how these goals can be achieved in even the poorest communities in the world .
Regardless of whether we are rich , poor , or in between , we share an overwhelming interest in the MDGs ' success , so that every region trapped in extreme poverty can break free , grow , and prosper .
Big Green Jobs Machine NEW YORK -- Amid the pressures of the global financial crisis , some ask how we can afford to tackle climate change .
The better question is : how can we afford not to ?
We can already see its practical expression .
With the right policies and a global framework , we can generate economic growth and steer it in a low-carbon direction .
Handled properly , our efforts to cope with the financial crisis can reinforce our efforts to combat climate change .
When the next American president takes office , voters and elected officials alike should be reassured by studies showing that the US can fight climate change by cutting emissions at low or even no cost , using only existing technologies .
But the UN has important roles to play . We provide a central forum in which states can agree on norms to serve their common interests .
Third , unilateral moratoria on nuclear tests and the production of fissile materials can go only so far .
I support the creation of the Central Asian and African nuclear-weapon-free zones , and strongly support efforts to establish such a zone in the Middle East .
Nor can we allow the financial crisis to become a reason for neglecting other critical issues : unacceptable levels of poverty and hunger , the food crisis , climate change .
Second , these financial rescue and assistance packages can not stop at the borders of the richest countries .
In our interdependent world , these tasks can be met only through reinvigorated multilateralism -- one that is fair , flexible and responsive , with leaders coming from all quarters .
We have one year until they meet in Copenhagen -- one year to reach an agreement that all nations can embrace .
We need a new treaty for the twenty-first century that is balanced , inclusive , and comprehensive -- one that all nations can embrace .
Some argued that , amid our current difficulties , we can not afford to tackle climate change .
I say we can not afford not to . The future of the planet is at stake .
But they also know that green investment can produce jobs and spur growth in the here and now .
When a new disease sweeps the world , access to vaccines and anti-viral medicines can not be limited to those who can pay for them .
Wealthy nations can not hope to remain healthy if poorer nations do not .
Just as we once eliminated smallpox , so can we eliminate others .
It also bears remembering that 60 % of the world 's population dies of non-communicable illnesses such as cancer or heart disease .
Studies have shown that investments in health care can yield a six-fold economic return .
Only by doing so can we truly protect our people , our countries , our economy , and our global society .
In poor Muslim countries like Pakistan , Yemen , and Morocco , single-sex schooling is the norm , but many rural areas can afford only one public school , which is usually set aside for boys .
Making reproductive services available to women who can not afford to pay their way can help prevent these deaths .
Other tools , aside from schooling , can help women improve their income-earning ability .
Then UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan and his team drafted a plan , which Turkey 's government took very significant political risks in supporting . The government convinced the Turkish Cypriots to make a leap of faith and vote in favor of the Annan plan in order to reunite the island .
No one -- not the US , the EU , Turkey , Greece , or the two Cypriot communities -- can afford to waste it .
The isolation of the Turkish Cypriots , who opted in favor of an internationally acceptable solution , can not be sustained any longer .
American participation in resolving the Cyprus conflict would ensure that the relationship remains on a sound footing .
Neither the US nor the EU can afford another failure in Cyprus . There is simply too much at stake .
As someone who was present when Davuto?lu made his presentation to the parliamentary faction of Turkey 's ruling Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- , I can attest to the fact that he did not use such terminology .
On the contrary , Turkey could represent an important asset to its European and American partners .
Moreover , the benefits of Turkey 's influence in its immediate neighborhood can be realized only if the EU proceeds in a more honest and robust way with the accession process , and if the US begins to treat Turkey as an indispensable partner in the region .
Turkey 's improved standing in the Middle East can also help the US with democracy assistance in the region .
But this change can not be taken for granted and requires support from the EU and the US .
These policies were undertaken at a time when the EU economy was doing well and -- one hopes -- with full knowledge that they would have significant costs .
So I am amazed to see people going along with the currently fashionable political argument that policies like cap-and-trade , government mandates , and subsidies for renewable energy can actually benefit an economy .
Profits can be made when energy is rationed or subsidized , but only within an economy operating at lower , or even negative , growth rates .
It is anathema to the concept of a free society to segregate people solely on the basis of mental disability , to ignore their most-basic human rights , to bar them from access to education and employment , to deny them the freedom to choose where and how they live and with whom they can associate .
It is shocking that the EU has done so little to press its members , and candidate-members , to promote community living for people with mental disabilities .
I am with her nearly all the time to protect her from injuring herself , because she can neither see nor navigate safely on the street or in our own home .
I give you this personal sketch because it is the best I can do to illustrate what care-giving entails , and why it is so crucial to everyone 's life -- and to the human condition more generally .
In the broader system of healthcare , students can readily discern that medicine largely leaves the practical and emotional tasks of care-giving to nurses , social workers , and the patient and his or her network of support .
The structure of service delivery and the funding of health services work to discourage professionals from the art of care-giving , and can , in fact , undermine the practitioner 's efforts .
A vocal few disagree with this approach , labeling it , in the Vatican 's words , `` anti-life . ''
There is , moreover , still an important region where drug use has not contributed significantly to HIV infection rates : Africa .
Even though no African countries voiced their support in Vienna for harm reduction , African leaders should take heed of those countries with pragmatic and humane drug policies .
Simply put , governments can no longer afford to drain precious time and money that could be better spent elsewhere by locking up people for drug-related offenses .
Portugal recently went a step further in voting to decriminalize recreational drugs , including heroin and cocaine -- a move that has led to a significant decline in drug-related deaths and a fall in new HIV infections .
Finally , at the European level , EU policymakers can help by encouraging member states to decriminalize possession of small amounts of drugs .
By freeing up resources devoted to enforcing policies against low-level users , countries can better tackle serious drug-supply issues and provide people with the effective treatment that they need and deserve .
Elsewhere , BHP Billiton announced the discovery of an estimated 60 million tons of manganese in southeastern Gabon , while France 's AREVA is drawing up plans to build a large mine in the Central African Republic to exploit uranium deposits .
There are significant political risks related to the overlapping political and business interests of the region 's entrenched ruling elites , presenting headaches for investors concerned about their reputations .
When regimes change , such contracts could come up for review , as has occurred in many other African countries .
Ali Ben Bongo 's accession in Gabon showed that even sizeable challenges posed by a largely unplanned transition can be overcome , but in Cameroon the succession is likely to be less smooth .
The Economic and Monetary Community of Central Africa -LRB- CEMAC -RRB- recently named Equatorial Guinea 's Lucas Abaga Nchama to head its central bank , the Bank of Central African States -LRB- BEAC -RRB- .
Leading positions at both CEMAC and the BEAC will now rotate among the six members -- Cameroon , Chad , Gabon , Equatorial Guinea , the Central African Republic , and the Republic of Congo -- potentially heralding greater regional integration .
The position fell vacant after senior officials , many of them Gabonese , were discredited in an embezzlement scandal that erupted in October 2009 .
But it remains questionable whether the region 's new faces can end the old patterns of mismanagement and abuse .
In many European capitals , outrage over American capital punishment has triggered angry street demonstrations , with one former US ambassador reporting that his embassy had received an anti-death penalty petition signed by 500,000 local citizens .
As America 's former chief human rights official , I can testify that these are not minor diplomatic irritants .
Along with the 12 states -LRB- and Washington D.C. -RRB- that bar capital punishment altogether , a clear majority of American jurisdictions now ban the practice .
In the McCarver case , nine distinguished former American diplomats , with combined service under Republican and Democratic presidents totaling nearly 200 years , decided to speak out .
President Bush can not sit on the fence .
But , instead of celebrating an agreement that has helped stabilize East Asia for a half-century , the treaty is now at serious risk , as much from indecision as from kneejerk anti-Americanism .
For example , Yoshito Sengoku , Minister of State for Government Revitalization , was once a member of Shaseidou , a left-wing youth group that is reflexively anti-American , as was Hirotaka Akamatsu , Minister of Agriculture , Forestry , and Fisheries .
Instead , his successor , Naoto Kan , continues to believe that Japan can somehow opt out of history and a turbulent region .
In retaliation for Japan 's refusal to release the trawler captain , China hinted that it might recall its ambassador from Tokyo , suspended bilateral ministerial-level exchanges , and canceled a tour to Japan for about 10,000 Chinese .
Rare-earth ores in southern China -- all except for those in Inner Mongolia -- contain radioactive substances that pose significant threats to human health and the environment .
But China has another motive for tightening the noose on rare-earth exports : it wants to force high-tech firms to operate in China , so that local companies can absorb their technologies .
A senior official of a Chinese company has said that , even though rare-earth exports have been restricted , Japanese companies can secure their supply by launching operations in China .
In recent years , however , Vietnam 's strategic significance has increased dramatically , owing to huge -- and not always widely recognized -- transformations in its economic performance and foreign-policy orientation .
Trying to understand the `` Hermit Kingdom '' can be like staring into a black hole .
As with the Church or the divine right of kings , the system can not be challenged without undermining the infallibility of its perfect leaders .
Because North Korea does not repay loans , it can not borrow money ; because it reneges on deals , it drives away potential partners ; and , because it aims for autarky , it can not specialize or exploit its comparative advantages .
He has always shown scant regard for his people 's plight , and he still expects to get two-thirds or more of the oil and food he needs from China .
President Lee 's allies have rallied , rightly , to his cause , but even we recognize that his restraint can not be unending .
TOKYO -- President Hu Jintao 's visit to Washington is coming at an increasingly tense moment in Sino\/American relations .
Kim 's hope must be that , by showing off his nuclear arsenal , he can bully the US , Japan , and South Korea into helping him to resolve some of his regime 's domestic crises .
But , of course , just the opposite is true : the victory of conservative Republicans in Congress has left Obama with even less room to offer carrots to the North .
Moreover , nuclear brinkmanship is a particularly poor tactic , since Kim 's behavior is now becoming fused in American minds with arguably the most serious strategic threat on the US agenda : Iran 's push to secure nuclear weapons of its own .
The only way to increase transparency from outside is to shine a light on North Korea 's external activities , which means exposing as many connections and links between North Korea and Iran as can be found .
Similar scenes can be found throughout the T?hoku region , along Japan 's northeastern Sanriku Coast .
And , while they did bring nuclear safety to the fore and agreed to cooperate and share information with each other , efforts to meet this region-wide challenge can not succeed without bringing Taiwan into the discussions .
Back then , that debacle seemed to presage a broader US withdrawal from Asia , with a war-weary American public seeking the supposed comforts of isolationism .
America 's friends and allies need to think hard about what sort of regional order they want , and they must begin to collaborate in order to breathe life into a structure of peace within which all of Asia can prosper and feel secure .
But only a strong regional consensus on Afghanistan 's future can avert the prospect of a renewed struggle for mastery there .
If such a consensus can be forged , however , it will provide a foundation for further collaboration in building a pan-Asian order based on consent , not military might .
The fact that Suzuki is now practically synonymous with automobile in India suggests how close the relationship between the two countries can be .
Today , however , Japanese driving schools suffer from a fall-off in students , which can not be explained solely by declining population .
The growing congruence of strategic interests led to the 2008 Japan-India security agreement , a significant milestone in building a stable geo-political order in Asia .
In November , US President Barack Obama can begin to redress this imbalance when he hosts the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in his native state of Hawaii .
Sein 's government has also listened to Burmese public disquiet at China 's massive influence in the country , and has canceled a huge $ 3.6 billion dam that Chinese firms were building .
At the Hawaii summit , Obama must orchestrate the first steps toward constructing an effective multilateral framework within which the complications posed by China 's rise can be addressed .
Of course , no textbook can provide all the answers a finance minister needs in today 's post-crisis world , particularly to meet Japan 's daunting challenges .
An aggressive debater , Kan is often mentioned as a candidate to succeed Hatoyama should he leave his post -- a live possibility , given the prime minister 's plummeting approval ratings and strained relationship with Ichiro Ozawa , the kingpin of Hatoyama 's Democratic Party of Japan -LRB- DPJ -RRB- .
As a member of the European Union , Greece at least can hope for assistance from other EU members . Japan , however , stands alone with its massive debt .
Voters chose the DPJ in order to change Japan , but they have mostly seen the same old political scandals . Hatoyama has been accused of receiving shady donations -- `` childcare allowances '' -- from his heiress mother .
Such scandals have tainted Japanese politics for decades .
Japan , however , can not afford to waste time building a new apparatus to prevent party-financing scandals .
The country simply can not keep on piling debt upon debt .
Moreover , Japan 's government has encouraged Chinese regional ambitions by embracing an anti-American attitude similar to the administration of South Korea 's former president , Roh Moo-hyun .
Because a mere 137 votes can get a town council member elected , a large number of foreigners with a particular interest in moving onto the island could nominate a winning candidate .
That trip further cemented the notion that the Hatoyama government was at root anti-American in the mindless way that former South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun was .
Forcing Ozawa to step down with him can perhaps be said to be Hatoyama 's only meaningful decision as prime minister , for Ozawa 's departure from the political scene -- if it sticks -- is the far more important event .
Of course , serious leaders like former prime ministers Yasahiro Nakasone and Junichiro Koizumi were able to overcome this `` shadow shogun '' system over the years , but no democracy can depend on great leaders being elected every time there is a vote .
Ozawa 's fall can -- but may not -- return Japanese politics to where it belongs : in the hands of its elected leaders .
TOKYO -- Hillary Clinton 's recent trip to Asia may one day be seen as the most significant visit to the region by a United States diplomat since Henry Kissinger 's secret mission to Beijing in July 1971 .
Unless China demonstrates that it can reach peaceful accommodations in its sovereignty disputes with its neighbors , its claims to a `` peaceful rise '' will appear unconvincing not only in Washington , but in capitals across Asia .
And , if a shock can be said to be reassuring , this one certainly soothed Asian concerns about America 's enduring commitment to regional security .
Indeed , Kim Jong-il is quoted as saying : `` When my sister turns violent , no one can stop her .
Even I can do nothing . ''
Kim Jong-il , who is known to have had a powerful attachment to his birth mother , can not help but have been psychologically affected by witnessing his mother 's killing .
The EU is Missing in Action in Afghanistan The withdrawal of Britain 's Paddy Ashdown as a candidate for the post of UN envoy in Afghanistan means that the international community still has some way to go before it speaks with one voice in that country .
The EU can not alter the international coalition 's strategy alone .
But a united EU can act as a powerful advocate for a better and more coordinated international approach .
All of this will require leadership that cuts across institutional boundaries , which can be provided only by the UN and a strong-willed individual .
Both American presidential candidates , Barack Obama and John McCain , have made clear that they expect the Pakistani government to take action against militants , and that they would be willing to authorize strikes inside Pakistan .
If American policy has failed to deal with this growing problem , European policy has focused on technical assistance , with the European Union providing ¤ 125 million in aid between 2002 and 2006 .
The US , even under a new president , can not succeed in the region without a united front with Europe .
And Europe can not hope to achieve its aims with technical programs alone .
But American and Soviet influence was not confined to the battlefield , as both countries made their presence felt high up the military chain of command .
The US believed that the massive amounts of aid that it doled out to Egypt , Israel , and Jordan guaranteed both stability and cooperation on issues of American interest .
Hosni Mubarak was the lynchpin of the West 's policy : he was uncompromising with potential US enemies ; he could be relied upon to appear at peace talks with the Israelis ; and he could be used to add weight to the American position on Iran .
Now the US-Egyptian alliance is under threat , and with it American policy for the entire Middle East .
Its geopolitical architecture is being shaped by the North African revolutions , Turkish assertiveness , Iranian intransigence , and the Iraq debacle .
Since mid-2007 , expectations regarding long-term sustainability have been weakening . Indeed , the efficiency of public spending is doubtful , with scant positive results to show for it .
Argentina requires a comprehensive program to demonstrate that , in addition to the ability to generate wealth that it has shown over the past eight years , it can sustain economic growth and not revert to the volatility of the past .
Only then can Argentina achieve greater social equality and boost economic competitiveness .
The Chinese can delay , but they ca n't hide from a fundamental economic law : if the exchange rate between the currencies of two countries is fixed and capital flows between them are unrestricted , the economically dominant one will exercise control over the monetary policy of the other .
Because the dollar is the dominant world reserve currency , and America 's Fed controls the supply of US dollars , as long as China sticks to a fixed exchange rate , it can not control its own money supply .
So China can not stabilize its economy by relying on US monetary policy .
Although China will eventually lose its ability to control the supply of renminbi , because capital controls remain in place , China -- unlike Germany 's government in the early 1970 's -- can still control the supply of credit and inflow of foreign capital .
So , for now , China can bring monetary expansion under control while keeping the exchange rate fixed .
Floating the renmimbi can -- and should -- wait until China 's bank balance sheet problems have been addressed and its monetary system and capital markets become more developed and ready to play a stable role in global finance .
Everybody who has studied nuclear decay processes has been struck by the myriad possible ways in which energy can be produced .
The waste can be substantially , or even completely , reduced if we could use an alternative form of nuclear decay that is triggered by externally accelerated particles .
But the precision experiments required to measure the strong force can be designed and built with known technology .
Mini-powers and even terrorist groups can adopt mass blackmail as their policy .
But with its gigantic financial , economic , and technological resources , America can be an exceptional partner for Russia as well as a nemesis .
Today , due to American cooperation , Russia can do things in space that only yesterday seemed impossible .
The Russian goes for free , the American pays a fee of $ 20 million .
As strange as `` space tourism '' seemed two months ago , what seems like a fairy-tale today - cooperation with America to develop systems to prevent nuclear and missile terrorism - can become a reality tomorrow if Russia acts in its own interests .
So it is in Russia 's national interest - in the interest of its territorial integrity , the development of its military-industrial complex , the stoppage of a `` brain drain '' of its best minds to the West - to find the means to participate in this American `` project of the century '' - the National Missile Defense .
US\/Russian diplomacy can either create difficulties that will cost both countries huge sums , or the conditions in which Russian industries can develop into world class competitors .
Pragmatism - not old-fashioned and outlived stereotypes - should form the heart of Russian\/American diplomacy .
But breaking with the policies of the 1990 's also presents grave risks , because the EU is not , and can not be , a traditional great power , and because the West 's weakness may end up rewarding -- and encouraging -- Russian revanchism .
Indeed , whereas Russia 's new assertive foreign policy -- a mixture of newly found strength and insecurity and of mercantilism and messianism -- constitutes an existential threat for Europe , the West seems unwilling to focus on the problem of a European order .
The EU can not act as guardian of the post-Cold War status quo without risking a collapse of Europe 's current institutional infrastructure .
Russia is ready and willing to confront Europe and the West , but it can not afford and does not want to turn its back on Europe .
The EU and the United States must stop pretending that they can transform Russia , or that they can simply ignore it .
The result is terrifying : the protest increases , with 83 % of the electorate voting without choosing a candidate .
The impact of the EU 's current crisis in the Balkans can be best understood as a crisis of political imagination .
How can institutional arrangements established to stop the war be transformed into an effective guarantee for a common future that includes EU membership ?
Maroni 's nostalgia for the lira is little more than a transparent -- and irresponsible -- election ploy by Italy 's Northern League , an attempt to divert blame for the country 's present economic troubles onto Romano Prodi , former EU Commission president and center left candidate in the forthcoming general elections .
Perhaps Maroni wants to go back to the lira so that Italy can de-value it .
Angela Merkel , the Christian Democrats ' candidate , is a reformer , holding out hope for Germany 's future -- and that of Europe .
As Europeans watched President Bush stumble over the death , destruction , and chaos wrought by Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans , some could not help patting themselves on the back and saying , `` Thank God for our social solidarity . ''
Social redistribution can be effected through fiscal measures rather than by direct intervention in the labor market .
If one takes the EU as one 's term of reference , social solidarity between member states would appear to be not that different from social solidarity between American states .
Indeed , a case even can be made that with the new leadership at the Federal Reserve expected to embrace European-style `` inflation targeting , '' we may be entering a period in which the Fed follows the ECB on critical monetary matters rather than the other way round .
Of course , not everyone in Europe can be expected to be equally enthusiastic about a stronger euro .
The key reason is that several recent `` reforms '' announced by German Chancellor Angela Merkel -- raising the value-added tax , increasing user charges for healthcare , and taxing interest payments as a part of so-called corporate tax reform -- promise to reduce German economic growth , perhaps significantly , in 2007 .
It shows that current conditions are good , but that expectations about future conditions have dropped off significantly .
Prospective French presidential candidate Nicolas Sarkozy wants the ECB to promote economic growth , not just price stability .
In France , for example , all current presidential candidates hold out the unrealistic prospect of staying in the currency union but watering down the independence of the European Central Bank and its price stability mandate , increasing `` consultation '' between governments and the ECB , and manipulating the euro to France 's advantage .
This proposal illustrates how the reform gap , and the unbalanced growth that results from it , can debilitate the European fabric by setting one partner against the other .
Both the success of the euro and the smooth functioning of the common monetary policy show that important `` European '' projects can be accomplished even without the benefit of full political union .
On issues like the Iraq war and American plans to install missile defenses in Poland and the Czech Republic , Europeans appear to find it difficult to speak with a single voice .
Moreover , with the disappearance of the Soviet Union as a common threat , Europe 's left-wing parties are increasingly defining themselves as anti-American .
Thus , when José Zapatero and the Socialists took control of Spain 's government from the conservatives , the country 's foreign policy changed from supporting the Americans in Iraq to opposing them .
This may change if a new common threat to Europe emerges , or if conservative parties follow the left and become anti-American .
Given US President George W. Bush 's extreme unpopularity in Europe , the emergence of an anti-American right should no longer be considered a remote possibility .
But with Europe enjoying an unprecedented level of economic prosperity as a result of the EU 's dramatic accomplishments during its first 50 years , further political unification clearly can wait .
But Europe can fight back .
Europeans might be forgiven for thinking that the Americans , who pumped up oil prices in the first place with their military misadventure in Iraq , should be the ones who `` pump it down '' with an energy tax .
Even France 's new president , Nicolas Sarkozy -- thought by many to be a pro-American foreign policy hawk -- is backing away from his campaign promise to maintain defense spending at 2 % of GDP .
Sub-Prime Economic Theory The insistence that those responsible for today 's financial crisis pay a price lest they repeat their mistakes -- the so called moral hazard argument -- recalls the great American orator William Jennings Bryan 's immortal `` cross of gold '' speech : `` You shall not press down upon the brow of labor a crown of thorns .
Some on the left , motivated in part by revulsion against financial types who are thought to reap unjustified incomes , have joined forces with conventional economists , whose almost religious belief in their models has blinded them to the harm their dubious economic theory can do to the real economy and the interests of ordinary people .
No bailouts can mean no college for the kids -- or , for many , no house .
True , the US market has become less important for European exports , while Asia 's trade significance for Europe has grown .
Reduced European dependence on the US export market can hardly protect Europe from the effects of the US economic slowdown if the euro appreciates as much against the key Asian currencies as it has against the dollar .
Thus , the US slowdown affects European exports in two ways . It has an indirect effect on European exports to Asia , which can be sizeable because the US market is so important for Asian exports .
Even in the case where the direct effect is small -- the decoupling assumption -- the US slowdown still can have a substantial net impact on European exports because of its indirect effect on Asian imports from Europe .
But in what has been a truly malignant `` export '' from America to Europe , the US created `` garbage debt '' in the form of sub-prime mortgages , and Europeans -- hungry for extra yield , and as reckless as Americans -- bought it .
Many European banks ' balance sheets are now as contaminated as those of American banks , and no one is sure who is holding -- or hiding -- the junk , and how to value it .
Everyone knows that the ECB can not raise interest rates now , and for some time to come .
The US Federal Reserve can cut 100 basis points from the federal funds rate and not lose control over US inflationary expectations . Yet , the ECB can not cut interest rates 1 basis point because it fears euro-zone inflationary expectations are becoming unglued .
In New York and other American cities , European shoppers are on a spree .
Of course , with an augmented supply of euros , China can be expected to make substantial investments in Europe , which also is a good thing , especially since , in the United States at least , China has demonstrated a preference for investments in financial institutions rocked by the sub-prime crisis .
German exports are not being substantially damaged by the strong euro -- indeed , German costs are so competitive that exporters are confident they can cope with the euro at 1.50 dollars and even higher .
In the final analysis , cutting costs is all the Europeans can do if they want to preserve the competitiveness of their exports .
The essential economic reality confronting the ECB today is that the American economy is falling headlong into a serious slump -- Bernanke 's surprise cut speaks volumes to this .
Sarkozy 's Société Générale Myopia SAN FRANCISCO &#45; &#45; The French government should be honoring Bank of France Governor Christian Noyer for saving Société Générale from certain bankruptcy in the current rogue trader scandal , not criticizing him , as some high government officials have done .
How can President Sarkozy , who has repeatedly attacked financial speculators , question the judgment of the very man who , by knowing how to keep his mouth shut in a crisis , thwarted them ?
So far , the only serious candidates to emerge for a Société Générale takeover are two French banks , Credit Agricole and BNP Paribas .
The Société Générale rogue trader scandal has caused more problems than any of the main players possibly could have imagined .
Of course , the ECB has had its problems -- mainly in the communications area -- and Duisenberg 's candor sometimes did get him into trouble .
Now it can be told that the central bank had 25 to 30 disaster scenarios ready in case things went badly .
Notwithstanding the ECB 's significant achievements during the Duisenberg years , important problems remain for the new president , Jean-Claude Trichet of France .
Time can solve Europe 's problem .
Even though the big countries are trying to marginalize them at almost every turn , the small countries can not unite to fight the common enemy .
During the presidential elections Mr. Andrzej Olechowski ran as an independent candidate . He had no party support , no big money , but he somehow managed to place second with 17 % of the votes , more than what the governing party achieved .
Therefore it can not be dull for long periods because people will then begin to doubt democracy itself .
Like stealing . Boris Yeltsin 's post-1996 government , indeed , showed that stealing can be a full-time job for ministers .
Governments who allow their political muscles to atrophy can not cope with such issues .
Yet everyone thinks that the country 's independence will be lost in an instant when farms can be sold to other Europeans , a condition of EU membership .
You can deplore such social feelings , as I do , but the myth of the Polish peasant hero standing against communist collectivization on his small private plot seems ineradicable , even if it is undeserved .
John Paul II was undoubtedly conservative when he commented on Catholic dogma , but the institution of the Catholic Church is based on the Ten Commandments and dogmas which can not be changed .
Being truthful and faithful to what is the bedrock of Church teaching can not be deemed conservative .
John Paul II had a specific task that he implemented during his nearly 27-year papacy : following through on the changes in the teaching and behavior of the Catholic Church that were started by the Second Vatican Council over forty years ago .
Only with the Second Vatican Council did things begin to change in the Church , and the impact of John Paul II was immense .
If we believe , as the Catholic Church believes , that human beings bear the burden of original sin , but are perfectible ; that human beings can understand what is good and bad and can choose between them because we have free will , then approval of the free market is understandable and not naive .
The EU wants to avoid another Cyprus , where a candidate country partly occupies a member country .
Indeed , as things now stand , Kosovo can not join the EU , NATO , or the UN , two-thirds of whose members , including two permanent Security Council members -LRB- Russia and China -RRB- , do not recognize its independence .
Moreover , the UN and EU contingents , and the NATO forces in Kosovo , have been unable or unwilling to enforce the government 's writ in Ibarski Kola¨in , and scant attention has been paid to its shambolic economy .
Kosovo 's apparent unwillingness to compromise until now can be partly blamed on its unstable political landscape -LRB- the government collapsed in late October and fresh elections were called -RRB- .
As they emerged on the political stage , the left was failing : the economy did not improve , unemployment remained high , and the SLD , which attracted all kinds of riffraff , became mired in corruption scandals .
The scandals provided the right with an opportunity to deliver a coup de grace to the SLD in the form of parliamentary investigative commissions .
The Fourth Republic is supposed to be republican , rather than liberal , with greater state involvement in the economy .
To be sure , a political crisis can bring the coalition down , but this can happen only if Poland 's `` wandering '' electorate decides that the PiS has let it down .
But there is a risk that developing countries , already burdened by dealing with numerous donors , will face an even greater fragmentation of aid efforts . New donors can lessen the load on the world 's poorest and increase effectiveness by working together through multilateral channels .
Russia recognizes that newer donors have experiences , ideas , and resources that can help all countries climb up the ladder of opportunity .
Beyond the economy , Lee has been faced with charges of appointing officials with questionable ethics and of heavy-handed leadership -LRB- his nickname is `` Bulldozer '' -RRB- , which is reflected in efforts to push through a controversial cross-country canal system and an unpopular proposal to privatize the healthcare system .
While most in the West applauded Lee 's visit , the reaction in Korea was significantly more negative .
In addition , significant segments of the population saw the agreement as Lee selling out or kowtowing to the Americans .
The public reaction began with a demonstration in Seoul on May 2 in which hundreds of teenagers held a candlelight vigil .
American relations with North Korea , and the ongoing six-party talks , certainly belong at the top of the list .
The risks of changing course can not be overstated .
As a presidential candidate , Obama spoke of the need for `` sustained , direct , and aggressive diplomacy '' to deal with North Korea .
The on-again , off-again talks on North Korea can fluster even the most experienced of negotiators .
The Globalization of Ethics Many Europeans doubt that Asia can catch up with Europe in terms of regional integration .
Ethnically homogeneous Japan is an example of how three different religions -- Shinto , Confucianism , and Buddhism -- can coexist peacefully and , in many cases , intermingle .
Four concrete ethical rules were laid down in the Buddhist canon by Patanjali , the founder of Yoga , in the Chinese tradition and , of course , in the three prophetic religions : `` Do not kill , '' `` do not steal , '' `` do not bear false witness , '' and `` do not abuse sexuality . ''
If Asia focuses on its trans-cultural ethical core , an entirely new spirit of unity can be developed that uses soft power instead of military force and does not know enemies , but only partners and competitors .
The point is rather to integrate values , standards , and attitudes of ethical-religious traditions that , while appearing in each culture in a specific form , are common to all , and that can be supported by non-religious people as well .
Back then , I was already venturing what is , for economists , a heretical presumption : that chaos theory should be applied to the economy ; that devastating effects can follow from the smallest causes .
The fatal human instincts of greed and hubris can be tamed only with some elementary ethical norms .
Of course , Obama is not the Messiah ; he can not work miracles .
An American security umbrella over the Persian Gulf and Israel might calm nerves , but it would do little to counter increased Iranian support of Islamic radicals .
The idea that either side can crush the other and declare victory has proven to be a seductive and dangerous mirage , leaving behind only a trail of blood and hate .
If the Americans can get Israel to agree to these straightforward requests , the situation could be ripe for a ceasefire , which in turn would be the prelude to a genuine peace process .
The hudna worked out between militant Palestinian groups and the Palestinian Authority -LRB- with the knowledge of the Americans -RRB- clearly lacked a major component : Israel 's assent to the agreement .
No serious negotiations can take place and no results can last if one party vetoes the representatives of the other side .
The Other Half of the Peace Process PRINCETON &#45; &#45; American officials usually spend enormous energy highlighting the `` process '' in the Middle East `` peace process . ''
The difference now is that , unlike the Madrid Conference after the 1991 American-led Gulf War , the current effort is coming after a perceived American defeat in Iraq .
Opinion polls conducted in Gaza by the Near East Consulting Group in late November 2007 indicated 74 % popular support for a peace agreement with Israel . Only 15 % would vote for Hamas MP 's or a Hamas presidential candidate , compared to 55 % for Fatah candidates .
The international community must act quickly to force the Israelis to abandon its deterrence strategy and instead work on reaching an understanding that can result in a cessation of attacks by both sides .
Only such an understanding can permit a start to the groundwork needed for a political resolution that can permanently end both the siege of Gaza and the occupation of Palestinian lands .
Indeed , the list of disappointments pre-dates Israeli statehood and the Nakbeh itself : the King-Crane Commission of 1919 , the 1937 Peel Report , the British White Paper of 1939 , the Anglo-American Committee of Inquiry of 1945 , and the UN Partition Plan of 1947 .
After 60 years of failures , and as the generation that lived through the Nakbeh passes from the scene , a political settlement that can provide Palestinians with freedom in an independent state alongside a secure Israel and a fair solution of the refugee problem is more necessary -- but also appears less possible -- than ever .
The decisive victory of a candidate who opposed the Iraq war and favors direct talks with Iran will no doubt have a major influence on US-Israel relations and the peace process .
Last summer , when he was shown a poster with 57 flags representing the Arab and Islamic countries that will normalize relations with Israel , then candidate Obama told Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas that the Israelis would be `` crazy '' to reject that plan .
Yet Israel 's actions on the ground have gone counter to American and international positions .
Under the leadership of US General Keith Dayton -LRB- Mitchell 's security deputy -RRB- , the most vigorous security checks can be made to allow such travel .
Otherwise , tension looms in the Israeli-American relationship , and calls for one state with equal rights for all will begin to drown out older ideological visions , as settlement activity forecloses the prospect of two states .
The cycle goes something like this : American or international pressure mounts on Israel to stop settlement activities in the occupied territories .
This pattern can be traced to 1967 .
For the US , the settlements have proven to be an equal-opportunity obstacle , obstructing both Republican and Democratic diplomacy .
Jeff Aronson , a senior researcher at the Washington-based Foundation for Middle East Peace , concludes that Israeli leaders will continue to be able to fool their American counterparts on this issue .
You can practically see the blood of US officials boil when they discuss it .
But this is no more a crime than the fact that America 's media reflects American aspirations , and in times of war behaves like a cheerleader for US forces .
The key issue here is whether Al Jazeera , as well as American TV stations , are truthful in what they say .
If American , British , and other Western officials are serious about reform in the Arab world , they must support reform-minded Arab individuals and organizations , even if those organizations make them uncomfortable at times .
Abbas can not resign from his post for the foreseeable future , lest the Hamas-backed speaker of the Palestinian Legislative Council take over .
Qudwa is a dark-horse candidate to succeed Abbas -- a possible compromise figure who has never been directly involved in security or military activities .
Whoever emerges on top will have to present an effective strategy to end four decades of military occupation and bring about a truly independent state that a majority of Palestinians can embrace .
Nevertheless , for both sides , the process can be as important as the results .
The American negotiators who are planning to play an active role in the indirect talks , and will for the first time sit at the negotiating table if face-to-face talks do take place , have apparently promised the Palestinians that the US will point its finger at the party that dares to derail the negotiations .
In that case , the Americans would have a hard time refusing to recognize a Palestinian state that fits what the international community has said is the only acceptable solution to this intractable conflict .
But Israel has not publicly agreed to the American and Palestinian request to rescind the settlement construction in Jerusalem approved during US Vice President Joe Biden 's recent visit to Israel .
But , on a recent trip to Israel , White House adviser Dan Shapiro is said to have been reassured that the Israelis will not embarrass their American friends .
The PLO has succeeded in obtaining European support for a unilateral Palestinian declaration of statehood . The only obstacle remaining to Palestinian leaders are the Americans .
Instead , the Americans have their own ideas about how to achieve a breakthrough , especially with Israel , which the Obama administration believes is now the major obstacle .
To effect change in Israel , the Americans are launching various trial balloons .
The Palestinians have presented to their Israeli counterparts -LRB- through the Americans -RRB- a written offer that includes giving up lands occupied by Israel in 1967 and now populated by Israeli settlers .
Israel insists that any serious progress will happen only if both sides can sit at the negotiating table face to face .
Of course , the public can and should be included through a national referendum in assessing the results once the talks have reached fruition and a comprehensive settlement is reached that both leaders say they can live with .
Peace between the conflicting parties east of the Mediterranean and west of the Jordan river can and must be achieved through negotiations .
Instead , Netanyahu stuck his fingers in America 's eyes , counting on the Republicans ' mid-term election victory to help him afterwards .
AMMAN -- Without much fanfare , the past few months have seen no anti-American demonstrations and no burning of American flags across the Arab world .
It is precisely the failure to apply these values in areas such as Palestine or Iraq that has made -- and can still make -- countless Arabs vehemently anti-American .
The US had not revised its policy , even with an African immigrant 's son living in the White House .
Speaking at the UN General Assembly on September 23 , 2010 , Obama said that he hoped that `` when we come back here next year , we can have an agreement that will lead to a new member of the United Nations -- an independent , sovereign state of Palestine , living in peace with Israel . ''
The UN General Assembly , unlike the Security Council , can not declare a state , and the US has vowed to veto any Security Council resolution that recognizes Palestine 's independence .
But , if two-thirds of its members agree , the General Assembly can recognize Palestine as a state with observer status , similar to the Vatican .
Palestinians ' desire to obtain a UN vote on statehood -LRB- in whatever form -RRB- does not mean that they can not have direct negotiations with Israel .
Palestinian spokesmen , including Abbas , have said that they see no reason why representatives of the newly recognized state can not negotiate with representatives of Israel . If the UN vote succeeds , however , it will not be a people talking with their occupiers , but two states negotiating about how to manage their relations in peace and harmony .
On a much smaller scale , significant change has been taking place on the Palestinian side as well .
While I understand that you are an Israeli patriot , I believe that much can be done to reduce the tensions between our two peoples , eventually leading to genuine reconciliation and peace .
Contrary to territorial withdrawal , cessation of violence can be achieved only bilaterally .
At the same time , the atmosphere among Palestinians and their attitude towards Israel must be improved , so that we can have a political environment that supports negotiations .
Your efforts to move forward towards resolving the Palestinian-Israeli conflict will generate significant improvement in the political atmosphere in the entire Middle East .
In any case , Hamas can not be blamed for using America 's push for democracy to attain popular goals .
Only when elected representatives deal with the day-to-day issues that face their people can they begin to tackle external negotiations .
Although ordinary Lebanese have paid a huge human , economic , and infrastructural price , Hezbollah has made it clear to the Israelis that they can no longer take their military predominance for granted .
The question now is whether this determination can bring about the type of surprising breakthrough to peace that Sadat 's newfound prestige in 1973 yielded .
Given that both conflicts were triggered by the kidnapping of Israeli soldiers to be traded for Arab prisoners , Israel must now realize that holding Arabs indefinitely in prison can only beget violence .
The unilateralism that Israelis overwhelmingly voted for in their recent election is based on the idea that security can somehow be achieved by erecting physical walls and barriers .
They need to work together through negotiations to solve problems that simply can not and should not be solved by brute force .
So , as Al Jazeera moves into media adolescence , it must begin to think about how it can become a social pioneer in the Arab and Islamic world .
Anwar can finally make the opposition a credible check on the National Front ruling coalition , but knows that he will never become prime minister this way . No one , after all , expects the opposition to win enough seats to form a government in the conceivable future .
He can allow himself to be wooed back by his former party , the United Malays National Organization -LRB- UMNO -RRB- , the National Front 's leading member .
Urban and middle-class voters such as those in Penang -- a predominantly Chinese state with strong opposition sentiment -- had always voted to keep the state legislature under the National Front in order to ensure continued funding , while sending opposition candidates to parliament to `` pester '' the National Front there .
Arguably , the best legacy Anwar might eventually leave Malaysia would not be what he can achieve for the UMNO and the National Front , but what role he might play in entrenching a contest of ideas into Malaysian politics -- a project he has shown himself keen to promote .
The practice of politics not only can but must be reconciled with the imperatives of honesty .
Our ordinary standards of decency and righteousness can not always be applied - but not because cynicism and hypocrisy are all that matter in politics .
This does not mean that we can not identify honest politicians when we see them .
In democratic countries , if politicians who are critical of others while in opposition prove to be ineffective when in government , voters can - and often do - punish their dishonesty at the ballot box .
Only when politicians support one another 's decency can they be confident that in critical moments for the state , they can rise above their political divisions .
I am a political practitioner , first and foremost . So I know that no theory , no amount of analysis , can free a politician from bouts of soul-searching , from troubling his or her conscience with questions about what is and what is not honest when confronting political choices .
But , despite these achievements , European integration is far from complete , and it will remain so until all European countries can follow the same development path .
Doing Good Efficiently COPENHAGEN -- Policymakers can concoct many excuses not to invest in global aid and development projects .
Three weeks ago , I joined a group of five Nobel laureates and three distinguished economists to undermine one of those excuses , by providing information about where money can achieve the most good .
Even accounting for the costs to short-term losers -LRB- say , particular industries or workers with certain skills -RRB- , the overall long-term benefits can be large .
Tobacco tax to reduce heart disease and cancer
It can not be subject to a third party veto or geopolitical factors .
All four North African rulers have , to greater or lesser degrees , made themselves the center of highly opaque power structures .
Lucrative business opportunities can be allocated to soothe the successor 's political adversaries , while renegades can be targeted to discourage others -- for example , by being stripped of property or dismissed from positions of influence .
Securing popular legitimacy requires equal dexterity , which has played an important role in preventing North African leaders and family members from openly admitting their preparations for dynastic successions .
At the same time , room has been made for Gamal to build a public profile of his own through his senior role in the ruling party , and a constitutional framework has been put in place that will allow him to be elected in multi-candidate elections , thus establishing a façade of republican legitimacy .
As in Egypt , public opposition to a succession seen to threaten the republican order could sharpen the army 's understanding of itself as guardian of the state , prompting it to intervene .
But Ellwanger 's appeal , which took almost a year for Brazil 's Supreme Court to hear and decide , put Brazil squarely on the side of those who believe that inciting hatred against even a small minority - such as Jews in Brazil - can not be allowed in the name of freedom of speech .
The Ellwanger case arose because many believe that anti-racism laws can be effective in reassuring minorities of their safety and place in the community .
Constitutional and legal provisions that make practicing racism a crime punishable by imprisonment have great symbolic significance and help insure - indeed , create and secure - social peace .
The Court made short shrift of Ellwanger 's claim , because all human beings can be the victims of racism .
That principle can be captured in just a few words : `` Everyone must play by the rules . ''
France , the United Kingdom , Australia , Sweden , Norway , and Switzerland all support this urgent agenda , and agree that impunity for this type of global crime can no longer be tolerated .
Corruption -- under any form or circumstance -- is a cancer that cripples developed and developing economies alike .
But consolidating too quickly can hurt the recovery and worsen job prospects .
Our policy advice can help shine a light on the pressing issues of the day -- growth , core vulnerabilities , and interconnectedness .
Our lending can provide breathing space for countries in difficulty .
And , looking beyond the crisis horizon , the IMF can also help construct a safer and more stable international financial system .
If we seize the moment , we can navigate our way out of this crisis and restore strong , sustainable , and balanced global growth .
Everyone nowadays seems obsessed about the question as to whether or not Islam can be reconciled with modernization .
If India can now complete the unfinished business of fully integrating into the global economy , there is no reason why it can not improve upon its impressive recent growth performance .
The same story can be told about kala-azar , which is spread by the sand fly .
The notion of sustainability asserts that natural capital , such as forests , wildlife , and other natural resources can not be substituted by manmade capital .
Will anything be lost if it turns out later that we can support a much larger population than seems possible today ? ''
That guilt is real , argues Deepak Lal , but there is another culprit : American economic policy toward Japan .
A strong yen can not prevent this .
It is a brave politician who can propose that a year 's economic output be lost !
The Meiji political system and the bureaucrats survived the postwar purges and the imposition of an American-drafted constitution .
As Maurice Scott shows in his book A New View of Growth , Japan 's 9.2 % annual growth rate during the peak `` miracle '' years , 1960-73 , can be explained by the investment rate , the growth in the quality-adjusted labor force , and the push that comes from `` catching up '' with the most developed economies .
So it is hardly surprising that India 's ancient past can be manipulated to fit alternative ideological preconceptions .
I can personally disprove this premise .
Aside from such examples , an economic rationale can also be provided for the origins of the Indian caste system as for European feudalism .
These caveats , however , will no doubt leave the revisionists unmoved , for they are part of the `` deconstructionist '' movement that has deeply influenced the humanities in American and British universities .
Chen Guangcheng , a blind lawyer -- famous for exposing a forced abortion scandal in Shandong -- was given a four-year jail term on the dubious charge of `` organizing a mob to disturb traffic . ''
He has become increasingly reliant on the facile notion that state-sponsored patriotism and nationalism can hold China 's disparate groups together .
Finally , Hu , Wen , and the rest of the top leadership have turned themselves into superb firefighters with an uncanny ability to , in Party parlance , `` nip the seeds of opposition before they sprout . ''
It allows countries that can produce food efficiently to ship it to those which face resource limitations that hinder food production .
Globally , more food would be produced where it can be produced more efficiently , thereby creating a more equitable , level international playing field .
Arm some of these manufactured minority structures so that they can demand autonomy at the barrel of a gun , and you get the kind of chaos the Kremlin can use to reassert its control .
Who can doubt that the hand of Russia is behind this ?
Those who defend such widespread use of prescription drugs insist that a significant part of the population is under-treated and , by inference , under-medicated .
With over a million copies in print , the manual is known as the bible of American psychiatry ; certainly it is an invoked chapter and verse in schools , prisons , courts , and by mental-health professionals around the world .
After several requests to the American Psychiatric Association , I was granted complete access to the hundreds of unpublished memos , letters , and even votes from the period between 1973 and 1979 , when the DSM-III task force debated each new and existing disorder .
By the 1990 's experts were calling it `` the disorder of the decade , '' insisting that as many as one in five Americans suffers from it .
Over-medication would affect fewer Americans if we could rein in such clear examples of over-diagnosis .
In Brazil , Chile and Uruguay , social democracy is proving that it can work .
Vázquez 's term ends in March 2010 . He can not run again and the looming presidential election promises to be close .
Putin 's efforts to transform Russia into a major energy power and use energy as a tool of Russian foreign policy make the region all the more strategically significant .
They assumed that Czech and Polish leaders -- who were strongly pro-American -- would willingly agree to deployment , and that public opinion in both countries would go along with whatever the governments decided .
The initial American briefings to European allies ignored this fact .
Fourth , American officials have tended to assume that the countries of Eastern Europe will remain staunchly pro-American and automatically support US policy .
This is true even in Poland , which is the most pro-American country in the region .
Sikorski 's argument shocked many US officials , because he is considered one of the most pro-American politicians in Poland . But it reflects a widespread sentiment among many Poles , including those who are staunch supporters of close ties to the US .
Unlike the Iraq operation , the planned missile defense deployment will almost certainly require approval by the Polish parliament . This approval can not be taken for granted .
Simply saying , `` because the Americans want it '' will not be enough .
The US can still win the missile debate in Europe , but only if it stops treating missile defense primarily as a technological issue and addresses the broader political concerns that are driving the debate among European publics , including those in Eastern Europe .
Yanukovych 's policies will significantly weaken Ukraine 's hard-won independence and its ability to pursue closer ties to the Euro-Atlantic community , which the US has supported .
Third , the pressures for democratic change have significantly bolstered Turkey 's regional influence .
In a recent interview , Erdo?an noted that Turkey could be a `` source of inspiration '' for countries in the Middle East , because it has shown that Islam and democracy can coexist harmoniously .
But Turkey 's historical experience and political evolution differ in important ways from Arab countries ' . As a result , its model can not easily be transplanted .
After all , officials can not easily devalue a currency whose exchange rate is set by law , as with currency boards -- much less one that , through official dollarization , no longer exists .
If a country 's monetary policy can not be trusted , the best remedy , this logic suggests , is to limit or eliminate its capacity to have one . Yet the hard-money cure can not withstand scrutiny .
Because this arrangement requires the central bank to back the entire monetary base with foreign reserves , it can not act as lender of last resort to the domestic banking sector when crisis strikes .
Currency boards , with their strict rules governing monetary policy , make sense only where governments adhere to their own laws and can not change them by fiat .
Several Central and Latin American countries have now chosen -LRB- or are considering -RRB- this path as well . But official dollarization , no less than a currency board , implies the absence of a lender of last resort .
Argentina 's ongoing contraction highlights the sustained loss of competitiveness resulting from currency depreciation in its main Latin American trading partners .
In April 2002 , violent demonstrations known as the `` water war '' in Bolivia forced President Hugo Bánzer to cancel the contract with the only international corporation interested in taking on the most ambitious water project ever proposed in the country .
For their part , the populists can rouse the masses but fail to offer alternatives .
Bolivia needs leaders who can move the country beyond social wars that translate into stagnation .
So expectations outpace reality , with politicians contributing to this by promising more than they can deliver -- and thus losing the trust of their constituents .
In their eagerness to embrace development policies that are proven failures , all of the candidates in the presidential election scheduled for December 18 appear unaware of this risk .
Blaming the Spanish conquerors or the economic empires of the twentieth century can not hide the fact that huge amounts of money financed corrupt governments , inefficient bureaucracies , big and useless `` development '' projects such as industrial plants or mineral mills , or a wide variety of subsidies to buy off powerful interest groups .
None of them can currently be found in Bolivia , which means that the money concentrated in the state will surely be redistributed by patrimonial and clientelistic means , siphoned off by corruption , and subjected to social pressures of all sorts .
It is a paradox , indeed , that all candidates in Bolivia promise social and economic change when they all are basically looking at the past for inspiration and are in thrall to the same model of development .
The promises to care for the poor and disadvantaged that are being made by all the candidates will turn out to be as empty as all the other rhetoric about justice and equality that Bolivians have heard in their long , sad history .
These can and must be changed before it will be possible to expand opportunities for everyone in Bolivia to become a dignified citizen , a respected worker , and a satisfied consumer .
The March of the Caudillos LA PAZ &#45; &#45; The re-election for unlimited periods that Presidents Hugo Chávez and Evo Morales have sought in Venezuela and Bolivia , respectively , reflects a phenomenon -- caudillismo -- that has , sadly , never been far from the surface of Latin American politics .
Of course , several recent Latin American presidents succeeded in changing their countries ' constitutions to lengthen their terms in office .
First , because it is , above all , a form of political representation , it can have its own local particularities .
Whereas representation in democratic countries is based on people 's confidence that they can achieve a better future under their elected leaders , in countries like Venezuela and Bolivia nowadays , representation is based on a simple identification with the leader : `` He 's one of us . ''
Concentration of resources is probably the key factor , because it increases both the discretionary power of whoever controls them and the population 's social expectations , which in the end can not ever be met , because the caudillo 's power depends on maintaining that concentration of resources . Caudillismo will be weakened only if profits are not captured by the state , but directly shared with citizens in a stable and continuous manner .
A decline in extreme poverty and inequality , and the creation of trustworthy institutions , can be achieved in the country 's beguiled by caudillismo only if the caudillo loses control of the wealth that sustains his rule .
And , backed by his parliamentary majority , he was recently able to fill vacant judicial posts , making him the most powerful president in Bolivia 's contemporary history .
The transport workers wanted a pay increase , following a multi-year wage freeze , while other workers want higher salaries to compensate for inflation , which is higher in Bolivia than the Latin American average , while economic growth is lower .
Convinced that he can increase production and employment , Morales has forced the central bank to give credit on favorable terms to state-owned companies .
A caudillo can make key decisions alone , because popular support is personalized : only he is indispensable .
In January 2009 , church officials in the town of Luleå canceled a planned torch-light procession for Holocaust Memorial Day , with a spokesman saying that they were `` preoccupied '' and `` grief-stricken '' by Israel 's Operation Cast Lead in Gaza .
How has such a state of affairs arisen , and what can be done to address it ?
In fact , first attempts at spawning can be relatively unsuccessful , so a fisheries policy that depends for the most part just on first-time spawners -LRB- which is what we are approaching now -RRB- , could be especially flawed .
A bad year for recruitment in a fished-down stock means losing both the new cohort and most of the spawners , because the latter are caught before they can spawn again .
Yet the precautionary principle places some responsibility on us to hand down the living resources of the marine realm in a form that can be used as much by future generations as by us .
Ninth-grade physics , unlike ninth-grade biology , illustrates the grand sweep of the laws of nature , and the power of an equation to describe a vast number of different phenomena can be taught at this level .
The fall of a weight -LRB- or an apple ! -RRB- can be connected to the moon 's orbit around the earth and even to the structure of galaxies holding billions of solar systems .
Indeed , we can study , on a convenient classroom scale , the same forces that move atoms and planets .
Specifically , we now know that the sun 's ultraviolet radiation is the primary cause of most skin cancers .
Skin cancer , long thought to be a disease of little public health significance , has now become epidemic .
An estimated 90,000 new cases of malignant melanoma and well over one million cases of non-melanoma skin cancer will occur in the United States this year .
Melanoma will cause 8,000 deaths , and non-melanoma skin cancer will kill another 2,000 .
Melanoma is now the most common cancer in women aged 24 to 35 .
Once a disease of men in their fifties and sixties , it is not unusual for women in their twenties to develop basal cell cancer or squamous cell cancer .
While the incidence of skin cancer has risen dramatically , so has our understanding of its causes .
For over fifty years , ultraviolet radiation from the sun has been the number one suspected cause of skin cancer .
Epidemiologic data from Australia , animal studies with artificial sources of ultraviolet light , and the development of skin cancer in individuals with a genetic inability to correct the DNA damage caused by ultraviolet radiation provided circumstantial evidence of the connection .
Recent work has made the causal link between the sun and skin cancer at the molecular and cellular level .
Damaged by the sun , but not quite able to commit suicide , the mutated cell continues to proliferate at the expense of normal surrounding cells , resulting in a pre-cancerous growth that can progress to a full-blown squamous cell carcinoma .
Creating a culture of cave dwellers is no way to decrease the incidence of skin cancer .
As young people consider themselves immortal , not even appeals to lifelong vanity , let alone warnings about cancer , are sufficient to deter them from the tanning booths .
But the difficulties of educating the public about the causes of skin cancer do not diminish our obligation to try .
In addition , scientific research on this most accessible of human organs will continue to identify innovative treatments and modes of prevention , which may well become applicable to other cancers .
The Greening of Bush The United States is usually regarded as an environmental laggard , with President George W. Bush perceived as being little better than the head of a gang of willful polluters who do everything they can to obstruct global action to protect the environment .
In Carson 's wake , the `` Woodstock '' generation of the 1960 's , with its Earth Days , soon began to organize a broad campaign , which saw , in April 1970 , around 20 million Americans take to the street to defend the environment .
Many Americans can only shake their heads at the energy lobbyists who surround Bush and Vice-President Dick Cheney , and for a long time now a majority has been in favor of signing multilateral agreements , particularly in the area of climate protection .
Catastrophic events like Hurricane Katrina have reinforced this stance .
All this has caused Bush to seek to accommodate -- verbally , at least -- the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy .
It is not just California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger who has recognized the signs of the times and proclaimed bold Kyoto targets for his state that may become a pacemaker of All-American modernization again .
For starters , until 2050 , only a total of around 700 gigatons of carbon dioxide can be emitted into the atmosphere .
The rich North can not continue as before , emerging industrial countries must leave the old industrial-based path to prosperity , and the rest of the world may not even embark upon it .
In this framework , the old G-7 \/ 8 can no longer function as a hegemonic center , but rather as a kind of broker and preparatory body .
Simultaneously , within a variable architecture of negotiation , there must be links to the numerous conference institutions of the United Nations , as well as to political-economic regional associations such as the EU , Mercosur , or the African Union .
This flexible -LRB- and , alas , fragile -RRB- architecture of multi-level negotiation can function only as long as it is oriented towards clear moral bases for negotiation , has sufficient democratic legitimacy , and is supported in national and local arenas of action .
Global leaders will find it significantly easier to steer towards big cooperation targets if they are supported by visions of the future within civil society .
The Case for Opening Europe 's Borders It is time for Europe 's politicians to admit to voters that governments can not stop people moving across borders .
Even if Europe became a police state , migrants could get through : documents can be forged or stolen , visas overstayed , people smuggled , officials bribed .
While draconian policies can curb migration somewhat , they mostly drive it underground .
In addition , there is rising mistrust of politicians who can not fulfill promises to halt immigration , accompanied by perceptions of immigrants as law-breakers rather than enterprising people , and mistreatment of refugees aimed at deterring people who want to work from applying for asylum .
Many services can not readily be mechanized or imported -- old people can not be cared for by a robot or from abroad -- while people increasingly pay others to perform tasks that they once did themselves , freeing up their own time for more productive work or leisure .
Indeed , just as it is often mutually beneficial to import computers from China , IT services from India , and investment-banking services from Americans , it can also make sense to import Filipino care workers , Congolese cleaners , and Brazilian bar staff .
Millions of Europeans want EU governments to lower their barriers to developing countries ' exports , cancel Third World debt , and increase foreign aid .
Of course , problems may arise ; learning to live together can be tough . But Europe would thrive on the cosmopolitan dynamism that results from treating immigration as an opportunity rather than as a threat .
If properly managed , the economic benefits will be significant both for the developing world -LRB- higher remittances , but also greater opportunities for learning and experience -RRB- and rich countries -LRB- a younger , dynamic , and often entrepreneurial workforce -RRB- .
But appearances can deceive . Despite improvements and reforms , many of Japan 's fundamentals remain woeful .
In the late 1980 's , it was fashionable in some Japanese policy circles to argue that the Pax Americana was over , to be replaced in Asia by Pax Japonica .
No such assumption can be made about Japan , where an aging population will intensify the closed and intellectually arid nature of its society .
Yet despite being one of the main beneficiaries of the post-World War II open and multilateral trading system , Japan stands out as a retrograde mercantilist state .
A sclerotic , atavistic , nationalist , and inward-looking Japan can only aggravate the situation .
The good news is that Tony Blair 's candidacy seems to have been ditched .
The bad news is that the other candidates allegedly being considered -- all current or mainly former heads of government -- are as inspiring as cold porridge .
No institution , society , or civilization can survive purely on autopilot .
I see only two possible candidates that could meet these qualities : former Irish President Mary Robinson and French Finance Minister Christine Lagarde .
Although the differences between Robinson and Lagarde are many , both would be excellent choices . Robinson may be the more inspirational candidate in light of the projects with which she has been involved since leaving office : Chair of the United Nations Human Rights Commission , Honorary President of Oxfam International , Chair of the International Institute for Environment and Development , Chair of the Council of Women World Leaders , and founder of the Ethical Globalization Initiative .
Her boss , Nicolas Sarkozy , is vehemently opposed , but Sarkozy -LRB- who can not speak English and is computer illiterate -RRB- can hardly be described as a twenty-first-century role model .
This can not be accomplished overnight .
But now that America and its coalition have proven themselves to be incapable of bringing stability to Iraq on their own , the French and German governments can no longer rest and smugly say , `` I told you so , '' as the situation deteriorates even further .
So the stakes are high in Iraq , for Europeans no less than for Americans .
A UN staff protected by US marines simply can not do that job .
Precisely because they opposed the war , they are now the only countries that can restore Europe 's unity of action in promoting stability .
But France and Germany can also block European responsibility for international order and for solidarity with a US facing possible defeat in Iraq .
Food Fight Europe 's parliament has passed stringent new rules for genetically modified food , raising American objections .
Since April 1990 , when the EU Parliament , with no significant opposition , adopted the first two directives on the use and release of genetically modified organisms -LRB- GMOs -RRB- , public opinion has grown increasingly suspicious and hostile .
The opinion also included the following remark : '' modern biotechnology , as a technique used in food production , can not be regarded in itself as ethical or unethical . ''
A candid international dialogue is indispensable to a better understanding of Europe 's differences with the US and other parts of the world concerning GMOs .
First , why are Europeans more reluctant than Americans to embrace biotechnology ?
Americans find it difficult to understand why Europeans insist on such restrictions , and accuse the EU of practicing bio-trade protectionism .
Europeans are undoubtedly more pessimistic than Americans about progress in general , and recent events merely seem to have reinforced this stance .
Americans , including farmers , are more accustomed to paying for innovative technologies and products -- a disposition reflected in a recent US Supreme Court decision that extended the scope of patents on plants .
When France Says No Not long ago , an American political analyst compared France 's loss of influence in Europe following its `` No '' vote in the 2005 referendum on the EU constitutional treaty with France 's surrender in 1940 .
Europeans need to recognize that strength lies in unity , and that Europe 's integration can not be guaranteed without a common constitutional framework that promotes a common identity .
Until we think in terms of European sovereignty , rather than fret over risks to national sovereignty , the present crisis can not be overcome .
Today , Europeans can not even agree on the nature of the Russian regime , let alone what policy to adopt towards it .
On the other hand , Moscow 's elite -- who fear that their assets may be expropriated by a future government -- wants to avoid international pariah status so that they can see out their sun-set years in the safety of the West if the need arises .
Member states are divided between those that view Russia as a potential partner which can be drawn into the EU 's orbit through a process of `` creeping integration , '' and those that view Russia as a threat whose expansionism and contempt for democracy must be rolled back through a policy of `` soft containment . ''
Cycling and Cancer The cyclist Lance Armstrong recently celebrated an anniversary . It has been ten years since he was diagnosed with metastatic testicular cancer , which his doctors believed would kill him .
Based on his inspiring story and his efforts to publicize the disease , Armstrong has become an anti-cancer crusader .
Doctors diagnosed him with testicular cancer .
More distressingly , Armstrong 's cancer was far-advanced , having spread to his lungs , abdomen and brain .
After undergoing surgery to remove his cancerous testicle , Armstrong became `` a student of cancer . ''
He was treated at Indiana University , perhaps America 's leading center for testicular cancer .
Armstrong 's cancer responded extremely well . He then underwent extensive rehabilitation , gradually regaining strength and confidence .
In addition to the emotional advantage that Armstrong believed that cancer gave him , his new body also made him a more effective cyclist .
For his part , Armstrong has tried to steer clear of facile associations between his Tour de France triumphs and his recovery from cancer .
`` Good , strong people get cancer , '' he has written , `` and they do all the right things to beat it , and they still die . ''
Perhaps he was a racing hero , Armstrong has stated , but `` it was n't heroic to survive cancer . ''
At the close of his second book , Armstrong summarized his history with cancer as : `` I got treated , I fought like hell , and I got better . ''
`` Lance refused to become a statistic and instead rallied and became cancer 's worst enemy , '' wrote a reviewer of his first book .
`` Lance beat cancer and then he went on to win 5 Tour de Frances , '' a computer programmer wrote on his blog in 2003 . `` That pretty much means I can overcome whatever ills I have in my life so I can keep going after that . ''
The trouble is that data about the `` will to live '' among cancer patients are not so rosy .
One 1989 study showed that women with metastatic breast cancer who attended support groups survived longer , but these results have not been duplicated .
A recent study showed that a positive attitude did not lengthen the lives of lung cancer patients .
Anecdotally , clinicians can recall `` fighters '' with cancer who die and others who `` give up '' but live .
Unfortunately , in the world of cancer , this may not be so .
He has educated and provided inspiration to thousands , perhaps millions , of cancer patients and raised money that is being used to finding cures .
Work can give structure and meaning to life .
But working conditions can also trigger or accelerate the symptoms of ill health - physical and mental - that feed back into our productivity and earning capacity , as well as into our social and family relationships .
But stress is worrisome precisely because even misinterpretations can add to , or result in , a wide variety of health problems , including heart disease , stroke , cancer , musculoskeletal and gastrointestinal diseases , anxiety and depression , accidents , and suicides .
They can be emotional -LRB- anxiety , depression , hypochondria , and alienation -RRB- , cognitive -LRB- loss of concentration or recall , inability to learn new things , be creative , make decisions -RRB- , behavioural -LRB- abuse of drugs , alcohol , and tobacco , refusal to seek or accept treatment -RRB- , or physiological -LRB- neuroendocrine and immunological dysfunction -RRB- .
These practices can have a positive impact on profits through increased productivity , lower staff turnover , greater amenability to change , more innovation , and better , more reliable output .
No Arab ruler can claim a mass following outside his country of the sort that Gamel Nasser , the Egyptian president who was also the acknowledged leader of pan-Arab aspirations , once did .
In Russia , the only legal option in these cases is `` total guardianship , '' which is applied indefinitely and can not be challenged by the adult in question .
Western governments were typically indifferent , if not hostile , to African liberation movements .
By contrast , African countries often see the worst sides of multinationals : energy , mineral , and precious metal companies go where resources are , not where it 's pleasant to work .
Sensible macroeconomic policies , coupled with non-violent resolution of political or racial conflicts , as in , say , Namibia , Botswana , or South Africa , can set the groundwork for highly constructive partnerships .
Similarly , at the government 's nudging , the mining conglomerate Anglo-American developed a zinc-processing operation at its new Skorpion mine in the Namib desert , creating more skilled jobs for locals .
Currently , non-EU members of NATO that contribute troops to an operation can not vote -- or even be present at votes -- when the Athena Special Committee sets the mission budget , even though their troops will fight and possibly die . This is discriminatory , undemocratic , and no way to treat important allies like Norway and Turkey .
And , although Hu can barely hide his mediocrity , the bureaucrats are unconcerned . After all , they do n't want someone controlling them who is both able and serious .
He used television and his outstanding performance to prove that modern media and information tools can curb China 's bureaucracy .
That may be true , but I also believe that a new generation of political leaders can grow up in a more open information environment .
Undeniably , there has been no significant change in the government 's system of journalism 's regulation since China adopted its `` open door '' policy almost 30 years ago .
In fact , the Central Propaganda Department 's ideological control can be maintained only through internal notices and telephone calls , which are widely scorned .
Whether most media outlet can survive is thus solely dependent on their market success .
Sooner or later , readers will start to buy newspapers that can truly inform them and give voice to their opinions .
According to an old Chinese saying , `` a just cause enjoys abundant support , while an unjust cause finds scant support . ''
But there are obvious limits to what can be achieved .
Decisions taken by a NATO country can have implications for other allies .
Solidarity can not be achieved when our most important institutions are excluded .
With the May accession of the ten central , eastern , and southern European candidate states , the European Union will be more politically , economically , and socially diverse than ever .
But Europe can succeed in this task only if its various constituent cultures do not seal themselves off from one another .
Within a mobile and open Europe , there can be no fencing off of foreign cultures ; contact can not be avoided .
A thirst for knowledge , a delight in engaging with the world , and empathy with people from different cultures are qualities that can ensure diversity in unity , and unity in diversity .
Only those who are familiar with European history and who engage in discussion with the candidate countries about what Europe is and should be will be able to bridge the gap between different cultures and religions .
A significant element of a successful education is the willingness to be tolerant of others .
Of course , multilingualism , empathy , tolerance , and the acquisition of knowledge about foreign cultures can not be decreed like taxes .
But the state can and should organize a good ethical and political education that affords young people the opportunity to interact with others and recognize and accept their equality .
Liberal democracy , in its search for civic-mindedness , depends on people and institutions that can guide the way by their example , beliefs , or worldview .
You ca n't help being a prisoner within your own mind , but the least you can do is ensure that the cell is decently furnished . ''
Indeed , while closing an economy may insulate it from shocks , it can also result in stagnation and even severe homegrown crises .
Firms in such a context will have incentives to enter industries that can use their relatively abundant labor to replace relatively scarce capital , or vice versa , thereby reducing costs and enhancing competitiveness .
Government compensation for such pioneering firms can speed the process .
In such chicken-and-egg situations , in which the market alone fails to overcome externalities and essential investments go lacking , the government can play a vital facilitating role .
For developing countries , Célestin Monga and I have recently developed an approach -- called the growth identification and facilitation framework -- that can help developing-country governments increase the probability of success in supporting new industries .
In countries with a poor business environment , special economic zones or industrial parks can facilitate firm entry , foreign direct investment , and the formation of industrial clusters .
Only time can tell to what extent , and how fast , such promises will be fulfilled .
This can partly be explained by the `` catch up '' mechanism , as technologically less advanced countries imported technology from more advanced countries .
After all , a currency can appreciate while an economy is sluggish , or depreciate despite robust growth .
We can only know that once all economic players have the opportunity to decide freely on where they wish to place their financial assets .
But such an insignificant rate hike will do little to relieve long-term pressures , because investors will expect more rate hikes and move money into China , increasing upward pressure on the yuan 's exchange rate .
The first and most tangible challenge is that Uribe -- with popularity ratings of more than 90 % following the rescue of 15 high-profile hostages , including former presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt , in early July -- will be more tempted to run for a third term .
One can only hope that Uribe has learned the lessons of doomed third-term experiments in the region -- Peru 's Alberto Fujimori and Argentina 's Carlos Menem spring to mind -- and leave the presidency on a high note .
If he does , he will probably be remembered as one of Colombia 's most successful and influential presidents , and can look forward to a continuing career as a regional and international statesman .
In this atmosphere of public silence , the virtually vacant public space is filled with odd voices that are not intended for public consumption .
Yet , although some of the Kremlin 's moves seem clear and reasonable , others can scarcely be described as rational or forward-looking .
Indeed , Russia is increasingly attaching ever greater significance to its relations with China , something of a strategic shift in foreign policy , even if it is not yet clear how close Russia wants to be get to China .
We can do what we like because we 're strong again . ''
No one can say , but Russia 's history in this regard is not a source of hope .
Polls routinely indicate that more than 80 % of Russians believe that they can make no difference in national or even regional affairs .
Screening travelers from affected regions may have prevented significant epidemics elsewhere .
If historical truth is not restored , the lessons can not be learned .
No amount of material prosperity can make China a healthy society without this necessary reckoning with the past .
Three Paths to America President George W. Bush 's free-falling popularity , his loss of control over Congress , the nagging doubts about the economy , and most of all his discredited reputation as a result of the debacle in Iraq all magnify the characteristic weakness of lame-duck American presidents .
But , while Latin American governments are all watching the same news about Bush 's growing trials and tribulations , their responses to the looming transfer of power in the United States are of three kinds .
The first response can be described as realist : no matter who governs in America , concrete results need to be achieved .
The same can be said of Uruguay 's interest in a Free Trade Treaty with the US , as it is seeking alternatives outside of the region 's Mercosur group , and Bush remains keen on bilateral trade deals .
Chile and Peru , too , have fallen in line with US priorities by emphasizing their openness to American investment .
The second Latin American position towards the US is embodied in `` Chavism . '' This stance characterizes populist governments , often sustained mainly by gas and oil , that practice autocratic democracy , ignoring any formal constitutional division of powers and running roughshod over independent institutions and the press .
As a political model , Chavism is strongly based on nationalism , so that , Bush or no Bush , its legitimacy requires a growing anti-Americanism .
At the same time , these governments practice a diplomacy inspired by one idea : America 's post-Iraq hegemony is fragile , thus making profitable a policy of confrontation aimed at weakening the enemy . This explains the bizarre de facto alliance between Venezuela , Iran and Belarus , and Venezuela 's failed candidacy for a seat on the United Nations Security Council .
Moreover , some notable candidates , such as Senator Hillary Clinton , supported the invasion of Iraq , while the Democrats are more protectionist than the Republicans and are financially unpredictable .
Fidel 's appearance at the Party 's congress -- an event full of political significance , because he has only rarely participated in public events since becoming sick in 2006 -- seemed to confirm his support for this outcome .
By contrast , Cuba 's new Raúlist political structure takes its inspiration from the purest tradition of Latin American military caudillismo , using communist ideology pragmatically .
Only in these privileged sectors can some reforms be seen .
For the rest of the economy , the Party 's position recalls the famous line from Lampedusa 's Il Gattopardo -LRB- The Leopard -RRB- : something must change so that everything else can remain the same .
As a result , Cuba will continue to import a lot of food , most of it at a price that the population can not afford .
Moreover , ordinary Cubans fear that their ration cards -- their only means of getting food -- will be canceled .
Cuba can not remain isolated , dependent on Venezuelan petrodollars and penalized by America 's ill-conceived trade embargo .
A high turnout in favor of pro-democracy candidates is expected , although this wo n't guarantee them a majority in the legislature because of Hong Kong 's unusual political structure .
For this month 's election , Hong Kong 's 3.2 million registered voters can elect only 30 of the 60 seats .
Indeed , at the close of nomination on August 4 , eleven functional candidates were chosen without opposition , including those representing banks and the Chinese chamber of commerce .
If the government can influence 16 of the 30 functional votes , it can thwart proposals from the directly elected legislators .
Pollution from Hong Kong 's own power generation plants , growing number of vehicles , and burgeoning shipping industry can certainly be reduced .
It will not be easy for leaders on either side of the border to reverse gears , but there is still chance that people and companies can make a difference .
This can be done by refitting households with high-efficiency light bulbs and other technological improvements , and by retrofitting industrial plants with energy-saving technologies .
To help industries in the region upgrade environmentally , firms can now obtain special loans for which the Asian Development Bank assumes the risk -- a program made possible by Hong Kong 's sound banking practices .
But existing climate models show we can do little about it .
Yet the reality is that we can choose to make climate change our first priority , or we can choose to do a lot more good first .
Thousands died in Haiti during recent hurricanes , but not in Florida , because Haitians are poor and can not take preventive measures .
If we have a moral obligation , it is to spend each dollar doing the most good that we possibly can .
They believe that societies can be transformed by pouring money into raising educational standards .
Today , virtually every Latin American and Caribbean child enrolls in primary school , and most complete several years of secondary education -- remarkable progress compared to a half-century ago .
Yet Latin American and Caribbean children gain fewer skills in each year of school than students do in high-income countries -- and even in some other developing countries .
Indigenous children have a significantly lower chance of educational success .
Guatemala , Haiti , Honduras , Nicaragua , and Paraguay lag behind even other Latin American countries .
A program to provide teachers with monetary incentives and professional training was recently established in Mexico , but research conducted to date has found no significant impact on educational outcomes .
This policy can be very affordable : providing porridge in Guatemala cost just $ 23.25 per child per year , while the monetary value of the increase in the children 's future wages is between two and four times higher .
Merely waxing lyrical about the benefits of education will do nothing to help Latin American and Caribbean countries catch up with developed countries .
Similarly , mistaken beliefs are often a problem : for example , diabetes is referred to colloquially as `` sugar , '' and diabetics can erroneously believe that curbing sugar intake is the only thing they need to do .
A Mexican survey shows that in private care , poor patients -LRB- particularly indigenous women -RRB- receive worse care than the wealthy , although there is little difference in public institutions .
These three countries ' experiences make it clear that there are different paths to universal insurance , and that a serious attempt to enroll the uninsured can have dramatic results .
The Mexican scheme enrolled 1.7 million families by its second year , while the Colombian scheme signed up 13 million people within its first decade .
Global Warnings You know how you are told to give your kids organic food because pesticides will give them cancer ?
One of the best ways to avoid cancer is to eat lots of fruit and vegetables .
If you reduce your child 's intake of fruits and vegetables by just 0.03 grams a day -LRB- that 's the equivalent of half a grain of rice -RRB- when you opt for more expensive organic produce , the total risk of cancer goes up , not down .
By the close of the century , incomes will have increased six-fold in industrialized countries and 12-fold in developing countries , making the average person in the developing world richer in 2100 than the average American or European is today .
But it does mean that we can quit panicking and start thinking calmly to ensure that we focus on the right issues .
A third of the world 's mammal species and more than a quarter of all known reptiles and bird species can be found there .
If we can unlock the hidden potential in Latin America 's forests -- without destroying them -- then we could provide a solution to the problem of habitat destruction .
We can easily tally the costs of individual conservation efforts like saving the northern spotted owl .
Although the Merck project successfully raised money for Costa Rican biodiversity research , few if any drugs have been developed , and the model has not been transferred elsewhere .
Simply put , by controlling deforestation we can significantly affect the carbon emissions that cause climate change .
More than half of Latin American firms consider poor infrastructure to be a major obstacle to the operation and growth of their business .
This requires developing a payment culture , as well as providing a safety net for those citizens who can not afford to pay .
Deregulation can be a big help .
The third solution we recommend is very cheap , and has the most benefits related to costs : Latin American countries need to make it cheaper and easier to move goods across national borders . This means change both at borders and within countries .
Merchandise need n't pass through the capital , as it does in most Latin American and Caribbean countries , with the associated cost increases .
Regions then can be turned into engines of growth .
The real challenge is to establish how Latin America can generate the political consensus needed to adopt the best policies to remove its infrastructure logjams .
Looking at a fast-growing city like Houston , Texas , we can see the real effect of the urban heat island .
Simple solutions can make a vast difference to temperatures .
By increasing reflection and shade , a great deal of heat build-up can be avoided .
Measures to reduce the prevalence of iron deficiency , anemia , and vitamin A , iodine , and zinc deficiencies -- which remain significant in some countries of the region -- would have a positive impact .
Conditional cash transfers are another option for Latin American policy makers to consider .
A comprehensive Mexican program , PROGRESA , delivers targeted education grants for children , health-care services and nutritional supplements for pregnant women , nursing mothers , and children under five , and annual health check-ups for other household members .
In 2002 , it covered a fifth of the Mexican population , delivering payouts that added up to 20 % of beneficiaries ' total expenditure .
Evidence from this and smaller-scale programs show significant increases in household consumption , reducing poverty in the short run , and that such programs improve school enrollment and attendance rates , although they do less for achievement levels .
Likewise , global warming will probably slightly increase malaria , but CO2 reductions will be far less effective at fighting this disease than mosquito nets and medication , which can cheaply save 850,000 lives every year .
We need to ask if we can do more for the world by investing differently .
Why did thousands die in Haiti during the recent hurricanes and not in Florida ?
They can not take preventive measures .
We can prevent HIV by handing out condoms and improving health education .
We can prevent millions from dying from malnutrition simply by distributing vitamin supplements .
Latin America 's Corruption Challenge COPENHAGEN &#45; &#45; It is difficult to distinguish the consequences from the causes of the corruption that bedevils many Latin American and Caribbean nations .
Few of this region 's most important challenges can be tackled successfully unless the state can administer complex public programs .
A recent continent-wide survey by Latinobarometer found that between 20 % and 40 % of Latin Americans expressed `` no confidence '' in the judiciary .
This figure suggests that going to court can be a thankless exercise , and that many disputes probably never reach court .
Government can also reduce corruption by limiting the reach of its activities .
Despite some prominent women at the top of Latin American politics , the general absence of women from the region 's political life causes a serious democratic deficit .
The low representation of women in legislatures is not only a symbol of flaws in the functioning of Latin American democracies ; it also means that women legislators are unable to bring their intrinsically different approaches to policy into play .
Only the Argentine Senate has a composition that is more than 40 % female , while the Costa Rican Legislative Assembly and Argentine Chamber of Deputies are the only legislatures above the 30 % bar .
Between 1991 and 2000 , twelve Latin American countries adopted legislation requiring minimum percentages of women on the party lists used for the election of national legislators .
All countries , for example , should adopt quotas requiring that no more than half of parties ' legislative candidates in each district be of the same sex .
Under this system , voters can only vote for political parties as a whole , and thus have no influence on the order in which candidates are elected .
Open-list systems , where voters have influence on the order in which a party 's candidates are elected , provide no such guarantee .
In closed-list systems , the candidate lists should be zippered : male , female , male , female -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- .
One way to enforce the rules may be to say that parties that do not comply with the legislation in a district should not be able to run candidates there .
As nearly 40 % of Latin American legislators are the only legislator from their party elected in a district , this poses a real barrier to women .
Developed countries generally increase their forested areas , because they can afford to do so .
To encourage less deforestation -- and more reforestation -- the best thing we can do is help undeveloped nations get richer , faster .
What 's worse , many governments are doing little to prepare for hurricanes , earthquakes , or floods .
During the 2004 hurricane season , the Dominican Republic , which has invested in hurricane shelters and emergency evacuation networks , suffered fewer than ten deaths .
The book also allows readers to set their own priorities : leading economists sketch out solutions and provide cost-benefit ratios so that different policy options can be compared side-by-side , and the best ones identified and prioritized .
It would be wrong to pretend that we can do everything at once .
When asked to extinguish electric lights , most people around the world would turn to candlelight instead . Candles are cozy and seem oh-so-natural .
Candles can easily create indoor air pollution that is 10-100 times the level of outdoor air pollution caused by cars , industry , and electricity production .
Measured against the relative decrease in air pollution from the reduced fossil fuel energy production , candles increase health-damaging air pollution 1,000-10 ,000 - fold .
Likewise , we all heard Al Gore talking about the dramatic hurricane years of 2004 and 2005 , but we 've heard almost nothing about the complete absence of hurricane damage in 2006 and 2007 .
Both candidates have placed great importance on global warming .
Republican John McCain believes that it presents `` a test of foresight , of political courage , and of the unselfish concern that one generation owes to the next , '' while Democrat Barack Obama calls it `` one of the greatest moral challenges of our generation . ''
A cap-and-trade system can seem like a neat market solution .
We can achieve this by spending dramatically more researching and developing low-carbon energy .
It would then have the moral authority to demand that other nations do the same . By focusing more on research and development , and less in carbon cuts , both candidates could embrace a solution that encourages the best of the American innovative spirit and leaves the best possible legacy to future generations : a high-income , low-carbon energy world .
The Copenhagen Consensus gives us great hope because it shows us that there are so many good things that we can do .
Instead of helping richer people inefficiently far into the future , we can do immense good right now .
We have a moral obligation to do the most good that we possibly can with what we spend , so we must focus our resources where we can accomplish the most first .
Consider one of the most significant steps taken to respond to climate change .
The grain required to fill the tank of an SUV with ethanol is enough to feed one African for a year .
Establishing significantly freer trade would help the world combat almost all of its biggest problems .
Having more open economies allows more trade in innovation , so that new companies can almost instantly use smart ideas from around the globe .
Moreover , if we could stop global warming -LRB- which we ca n't -RRB- , the benefit for future generations would be one-tenth or less of the benefit of freer trade -LRB- which we certainly can achieve -RRB- .
Indeed , one can argue that if the models constantly get something wrong , it is probably because the models are wrong .
And if we can not trust our models , we can not know what policy action to take if we want to make a difference .
Whereas energy in terms of temperature can disappear relatively easily from the light atmosphere , it is unclear where the heat from global warming should have gone -- and certainly this is again much better than expected .
Hurricanes were the stock image of Al Gore 's famous film on climate change , and certainly the United States was battered in 2004 and 2005 , leading to wild claims of ever stronger and costlier storms in the future .
Gore quoted MIT hurricane researcher Kerry Emmanuel to support an alleged scientific consensus that global warming is making hurricanes much more damaging .
But Emmanuel has now published a new study showing that even in a dramatically warming world , hurricane frequency and intensity may not substantially rise during the next two centuries .
Such a statement is now commonplace for most political leaders around the world , even though it neglects to address the question of how much we can do to help America and the world through climate policies versus other policies .
Consider , for example , hurricanes in America .
These should have included stricter building codes , smarter evacuation policies , and better preservation of wetlands -LRB- which could have reduced the ferociousness of the hurricane -RRB- .
We 've seen record drought , spreading famine , and storms that are growing stronger with each passing hurricane season . ''
In that period , many coastlines increased , most obviously in Holland , because rich countries can easily protect and even expand their territory .
Finally , it is simply wrong to say that storms are growing stronger every hurricane season .
Even for the Atlantic hurricane basin , which we tend to hear about the most , the total hurricane energy -LRB- ACE -RRB- as measured by the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has declined by two-thirds since the record was set in 2005 .
For the world , this trend has been more decisive : maximum ACE was reached in 1994 , and has plummeted for the past three years , while hurricanes around the world have for the past year been about as inactive as at any time since records began being kept .
Many people -- including America 's new president -- believe that global warming is the preeminent issue of our time , and that cutting CO2 emissions is one of the most virtuous things we can do .
The other option is simply to prioritize eradication of malaria today . It would be relatively cheap and simple , involving expanded distribution of insecticide-treated bed nets , more preventive treatment for pregnant women , increased use of the maligned pesticide DDT , and support for poor nations that can not afford the best new therapies .
Of course , carbon cuts are not designed only to tackle malaria . But , for every problem that global warming will exacerbate -- hurricanes , hunger , flooding -- we could achieve tremendously more through cheaper , direct policies today .
Haitians were a hundred times more likely to die in an equivalent storm than Dominicans .
Thus , everybody , including the poor , pays taxes so that mostly wealthier beneficiaries can feel greener .
An African safari trip once confronted America 's new president with a question he could not answer : why the rich world prized elephants over African children .
It is likely that Pachauri is right and Gore is wrong : neither China nor India will commit to significant cuts without a massive payoff .
Yet , even if Kyoto were fully implemented throughout this century , it would reduce temperatures by an insignificant 0.3 ° F -LRB- 0.2 oC -RRB- , at an annual cost of $ 180 billion .
India 's External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee recently said , `` India is very concerned about climate change , but we have to see the issue in the perspective of our imperative to remove poverty so that all Indians can live a life of dignity . ''
We need to make emission cuts much cheaper so that countries like China and India can afford to help the environment .
Coal contributes strongly to global warming , but no amount of political theater can alter the inescapable fact that it also provides benefits that we can not yet replicate with renewable energy .
But the United Nations and national governments spend billions of dollars each year trying to help those in need without explicitly considering whether they are achieving the most that they can .
Regardless of whether we agree with the economists , everybody must admit that we can not do everything at once .
It will produce a `` to do '' list that will demonstrate how to achieve the most that we can for humanity , which could lead , in turn , to more transparent decision-making .
Global warming has now become the lowest-priority policy problem among Americans , according to a new Pew survey .
Kyoto-style policies can only ever be an expensive distraction from the real business of weaning us off fossil fuels .
Second , immediate carbon cuts are expensive -- and the cost significantly outweighs the benefits .
If the Kyoto agreement had been fully implemented throughout this century , it would have cut temperatures only by an insignificant 0.2 ° C -LRB- 0.3 ° F -RRB- , at a cost of $ 180 billion every year .
We can do better .
Much of the American McCarthyism of the 1940 's and 1950 's was driven by the same burning faith in the righteousness of the mission -- a faith that saw fundamental rights abrogated .
Likewise , reasonable people can differ on their interpretation of the Waxman-Markey bill .
Even if every Kyoto-obligated country passed its own , duplicate Waxman-Markey bills -- which is implausible and would incur significantly higher costs -- the global reduction would amount to just 0.22 ° C -LRB- 0.35 ° F -RRB- by the end of this century .
The reduction in global temperature would not be measurable in a hundred years , yet the cost would be significant and payable now .
Everybody involved in this discussion should spend more time building and acknowledging good arguments , and less time telling others what they can not say .
There is a significant delay between carbon cuts and any temperature drop -- even halving global emissions by mid-century would barely be measurable by the end of the century .
It is remarkable to consider that we could cancel out this century 's global warming with 1,900 unmanned ships spraying seawater mist into the air to thicken clouds .
Everybody wants to prevent global warming , and the real question is : How can we do that best ?
Global warming will create significant problems , so carbon reductions offer significant benefits . Cutting carbon emissions , however , requires a reduction in the basic energy use that underpins modern society , so it will also mean significant costs .
And because methane is a much shorter-lived gas than CO2 , we can prevent some of the worst of short-term warming through its mitigation .
It can be eliminated with cleaner fuels and new cooking technologies .
This would have a significant cooling impact on the planet , and would save 200,000 lives from pollution .
According to the conventional wisdom of many environmental campaigners , we should first do everything we can to mitigate global warming , and only then focus on adaptation strategies .
Moreover , it is inconsistent with the inescapable fact that , whatever we do , we can not prevent all of global warming 's effects .
If we prepare societies for more ferocious hurricanes in the future , for example , we are also helping them to cope better with today 's extreme weather .
There has been a huge amount of research into the ways that humans cause climate change , and how we can reduce it .
The most critical issue is n't any rise or fall in emissions . It is how much climate damage we can avoid .
How much of the planet can we help by dealing with rising sea levels ?
How many lives can we spare from heat , starvation , or malaria ?
Adaptation will reduce the climate change-related losses from 5 % of GDP to slightly less than 3 % -- but this is still a significant impact .
If we continue on our current path , technological development will be nowhere near significant enough to make non-carbon-based energy sources competitive with fossil fuels on price and effectiveness .
If we continue implementing policies to reduce emissions in the short term without any focus on developing the technology to achieve this , there is only one possible outcome : virtually no climate impact , but a significant dent in global economic growth , with more people in poverty , and the planet in a worse place than it could be .
Other than nuclear power -- which is still much more expensive than fossil fuels -- all of the known possibilities require significant research and development .
We will then make virtually no impact on climate change in the future , while in the shorter term there will be significant damage to economic growth , leaving more people in poverty and the planet in a much darker place than it could be .
We can not rely on private enterprise alone .
As with medical research , early innovations will not reap significant financial rewards , so there is no strong incentive for private investment today .
It is becoming obvious that the highly trumpeted meeting set for Copenhagen this December will not deliver a binding international treaty that will make a significant difference to global warming .
If politicians change course and agree this December to invest significantly more in research and development , we would have a much greater chance of getting this technology to the level where it needs to be .
But it is a basic fact that no dollar can be spent twice .
On Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania -- where the effects of global warming can already be felt -- our researcher encountered 28-year-old Rehema Ibrahim .
Climate economists widely acknowledge that there are only four policy levers that can be used in an attempt to lower carbon emissions and rein in climate change : reducing the world 's population , shrinking the global economy , increasing the efficiency of energy consumption , and decreasing carbon intensity -LRB- meaning that we create less carbon for each unit of energy that we produce -RRB- .
At the same time , the group adds , we must recognize that we wo n't make any real progress in cutting CO2 emissions until we can provide developing economies with affordable alternatives to the fossil fuels on which they currently depend . `` In short , '' the report notes , `` we need to ignite ... an energy technology revolution . ''
The point is n't that we can or should ignore global warming .
In the United States , for example , the Pew Institute reported that the number of Americans who regard global warming as a very serious problem had declined from 44 % in April 2008 to only 35 % last October .
The UN tells us that there is virtually nothing we can do that would affect climate change before 2030 .
So we have to ask the hard question of whether we could do better by focusing on other issues first -- helping real people improve their lives and resilience so they can better deal with the world 's challenges .
The Swedish bank cleanup in the early 1990 's is often cited as an example of how successful this idea can be .
The rest of Nordbanken , now known as Nordea , proceeded to become the largest bank in Scandinavia .
· A bad bank can be an effective instrument in the recovery of losses and the revival of banks .
· It is vital to staff bad banks with professional and experienced managers who are untainted by previous scandals .
· Banks : When American and Swiss banks hit the wall , nobody approached Europe for support .
Yet there are a number of areas of consensus where the EU can push ahead .
The motivation to implement further reforms of the internal market has weakened , leading to a situation in which even decisions by EU leaders at their European Council meetings can go ignored .
Europe 's citizens are unlikely to support measures to strengthen the EU if this means that working conditions can no longer be decided locally .
Even so , we say that John died from cancer , not that he died from a policy decision to stop payment for cancer screening .
In fact , the analogy of holding victims at gunpoint is misleading , because in public decision-making we can hardly claim that everything is all right as long as we do n't pull the trigger .
Perhaps a maximally extended life expectancy is of higher value to you than living in a society where doctors do not leave curable patients to die if they can not pay for the required treatment out of their own pockets .
While Russia is not as politically or economically appealing as the EU , it can fall back on reliance on its natural resources to achieve its political objectives in adjacent territories .
She has breast cancer and I ca n't afford her medications . '' Then there is Enrique , who is `` willing to donate my kidney for an exchange .
Such clinics can be found in many countries , including Iran , Pakistan , Ukraine , South Africa , and the Philippines .
Expert in internal repression but utterly incompetent in military strategy , Saddam Hussein thinks that he can fight and win .
It is also realistic in not even trying to defend Iraq 's borders against American air power .
A sullen passivity is the most that Saddam can expect from Iraqis .
Of course , the troops may be made invulnerable to bombing by being billeted among the civilian population , but armored vehicles and artillery can not be hidden in apartment houses .
It is not clear how many street-fighters Saddam can obtain from his five competing security forces -LRB- the 5,000-man Al Amn al-Khas Special Security Service , the 4,000-man , al-Mukhabarat al-Amma General Intelligence Directorate , the 5,000-man Al-Istikhbarat al-Askariyya Military Intelligence , the 5,000 man Al Amn al-Askariyya Military Security Service , and the 8,000-man Mudiriyat al-Amn al-Amma General Security Service -RRB- whose 25,000-30 ,000 men are distributed throughout Iraq .
If it is numbers Saddam wants , he can get them from the `` Fedayeen Saddam , '' which contains 15,000 men recruited from trusted tribes . For really big numbers , there is the Jaysh al-Sha ` abi Popular Army , a party militia with 150,000 men and women in Baghdad alone .
The men of the Special Republican Guard are supposed to be loyal because they are recruited largely from Saddam 's own al-Bu Nasir tribe around Tikrit .
Recently , Saddam moved the `` non-special '' Republican Guard into Baghdad .
Of course , US forces had better equipment , but well-trained forces can sometimes offset technical disadvantages to score kills if not to win .
Half of the Guard 's divisions are lighter forces with more foot soldiers for street-fighting , but the rest are armored or mechanized and thus depend on tanks and combat carriers that can be easily targeted with precision weapons .
In addition to air defenses , command centers and communications , key targets will be the offices , barracks , depots , bunkers , and any known evacuation lodgings and tented camps of Saddam 's Special and regular Republican Guards , and of his five different security organizations .
The US and Europe are united this time , and can effectively cut off Iran from world banking , bar Iranian leaders from traveling to the West , and stop exports to Iran of everything but food and medicine .
Their aim is to discourage the US and the Europeans from starting another crisis -- financial markets and everyday politics in Europe can tolerate only so much conflict .
If Lebanon 's political forces and Nasrallah 's followers can not get him to revert to a truce , Israel will bomb more targets , including Nasrallah 's offices in south Beirut .
No one should be surprised the latest anti-tank missiles can penetrate even the heaviest and best protected of battle tanks .
It had been assumed that thousands of Hezbollah rockets fired in concentrated barrages -- which cancel out the inaccuracy of unguided rockets and powerfully compound blast effects -- would kill many civilians , perhaps hundreds each day .
He can hardly afford to start another round of fighting that would destroy everything again .
All you can find are newsreaders from national television covering the smiling faces of people who come back to Hongdong to seek their roots and pay homage to their ancestors .
Yet despite the scandal , migrant workers and children in school uniforms are still being abducted from other provinces and pushed into monstrous brick plants and coalmines .
They can not leave their homes to find their children .
And the corrupt officials ? You can be sure that , this time next year , they will be paying homage to their ancestors , as they tramp over the ground where child slaves were buried alive for daring to proclaim their humanity .
In today 's Internet age , moreover , no prison or censorship can destroy an idea whose time has come .
In its current fight with Google , for example , China 's government appears to think that its technologists can provide the means to maintain the old thought control .
But those who think that China 's mutant political authoritarianism and mighty economy can long prevail are guilty as well .
He always understood that true art and politics can never march hand-in-hand .
That is the other lesson that Ai wanted his audiences to understand , and it is why his spirit and message can not be crushed : there are 1.3 billion seeds with him .
It was also for ordinary citizens that African leaders traveled to Scotland to meet the G-8 heads of state that summer . It was for these same people that the Jubilee 2000 campaign for debt relief was carried out by many individuals and organizations all over the world .
One reason is that many Africans lack the knowledge , skills , tools , and the political will to create wealth from their resources .
Another reason is that ordinary citizens suffer when debts are not canceled , when financial assistance is not forthcoming , or when trade barriers are raised .
I have also seen the need for ordinary Africans to embrace a set of values , like service for the common good , and commitment , persistence , and patience until a goal is realized .
We also need Africans who love Africa so much that they want to protect their countries -- their land -- from environmentally destructive processes .
Another value Africans must adopt is love and concern for young people .
African governments should give priority to investments in technical education and HIV\/AIDS prevention , treatment , care , and support programs .
When resources are scarce , or so degraded that they can no longer sustain livelihoods , or inequitably distributed , conflict invariably ensues .
African leaders should govern and serve for the benefit of the people , not themselves .
It provides governments additional resources to invest in initiatives that can empower their people .
In many others , civil society continues to grow , supported by national governments , the African Union , and the international community .
But much must still be accomplished , by Africans and with Africa 's many friends around the world .
As in the Bible story , when Peter and John said to a beggar , `` rise up and walk , '' Africans are called upon to walk away from ignorance , inertia , apathy , and fatalism .
With the exception of Central America , rising commodity prices have improved the external accounts and fiscal positions of Latin American countries .
Since there is no attribution in countries ' fiscal accounts of income from products linked to natural resources , we can only hazard a reasonably informed guess about how that spending was allocated .
In short , Latin American countries have used their additional export revenues to pay down debt and increase social spending .
Human rights activists in the United States are calling for legislation that would prevent American companies from engaging in business practices that help repressive regimes stifle democratic movements .
We live in an age of science in which people can see around corners , hear and see things happening in outer space , and clone animals .
The fatwas -LRB- legal opinions concerning Islamic law -RRB- that they issue appear unreasonable and can not be accepted by those with scientific knowledge .
The age of the universe and its size measured in light years -- these are things that the purely religiously trained ulamas can not comprehend .
We can feel victimized and criticize the oppressors , but to stop them we need to look at ourselves .
We can not ask our detractors to change , so that Muslims benefit .
Americans explain their country 's democratic backsliding by pointing to the 9\/11 terrorist attacks .
Today , the biggest threat to Indonesia 's democracy comes from America , even though most Americans want Indonesia 's democracy to succeed .
With modern technology , Indonesian Muslims can see clearly the plight of the Palestinians in Gaza , the disastrous results of the American invasion of Iraq and Afghanistan , and America 's silence when Lebanon was bombed in July 2006 .
Many senior Americans were puzzled that Turkey , a long-standing NATO ally and a secular state , refused to allow American forces to use Turkey as a base to invade Iraq .
If relatively secular Turkish society could be swept by a surge of anti-American sentiment , so , too , can Indonesia society .
Curiously , while many Americans and Europeans want moderate Muslim voices to succeed in Indonesia -LRB- and Southeast Asia -RRB- , they often undermine moderates with policies that are perceived as anti-Islamic .
There are no threats of a coup d'état , and senior generals , such as Bambang , who studied in American military colleges , returned to Indonesia as convinced democrats .
India 's New Path to Greatness SINGAPORE -- It is unwise to underestimate the near-metaphysical significance of the recent Indian elections .
Today , the same industrialists , convinced that India can compete with the best , support Singh 's reforms .
At the current stage of development of many Asian economies , a 10 % increase in the median income can lead to a doubling of the middle class . And such an increase is eminently achievable .
But the significance should not be missed .
There can be no doubt that Singh has the right instincts . He wants Pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
But these instincts can be bolstered by wise long-term policies .
The Pakistani population can easily work with the political moderation of Singh 's government .
So there is real hope that Iran can change , modernize , and open up as the rest of Asia has .
American foreign policy assumes that diplomatic relations with Iran are somehow an act of approval .
Unfortunately , no US politician appears willing to explain this bit of common sense to the American public .
Many Americans applauded Egyptian President Anwar el - Sadat for his political courage in visiting Jerusalem three decades ago -- a decision for which he ultimately paid with his life ? even though the vast majority of Egyptians strongly disapproved .
But while we can not close the gulf between us , we can try to bridge it so that we may be able to talk across it . ''
If China and India replicate American per capita consumption of fossil fuels , the resulting greenhouse-gas emissions will only accelerate global warming .
The West industrialized rapidly without worrying about climate change , contributing mightily to the stock of greenhouse gases that has led the world ever closer to the tipping point at which global warming can no longer be halted .
Both China and India can learn a lot from Japan , and both governments , fortunately , are firmly committed to increasing their energy efficiency and use of green technology .
In Singapore , regulators are developing an innovative Electricity Vending System to give 1.2 million consumers real-time price signals so that they can learn to conserve electricity during peak periods .
In these circumstances , Asians can not afford to sit back and moralize .
At the same time , reflecting their pragmatism , the Asians remain ready to accept continuing American leadership and domination of global institutions .
On the other hand , the desire to avoid confrontation can prevent meaningful agreements from being reached in a reasonable timeframe , and the appearance of consensus may merely mask the true politics at work .
Here are a few areas in which Asia -- or , more properly , Asians -- can contribute to solving some key global challenges :
A major rule in international relations is never to make a demand that can not be met .
But American power has peaked .
Given this spectacular economic performance , Americans could spend more on defense than the rest of the world combined . All this , quite naturally , led to geopolitical hubris , in Washington and in Tel Aviv .
Seeking to pre-empt American action , Egypt backed a counter-proposal , the Alexandria Declaration , at an Arab League summit last May , and followed this with President Hosni Mubarak 's recent announcement that he will allow opposition candidates to challenge him for the presidency .
Arab democracy , he claims , has now become a domestic concern in the United States , which will make it hard for American presidents to sweep the abuses of friendly Arab regimes under the rug , as they did in the past .
Its preamble , which opens with the phrase `` We , the Egyptian people , '' can be read as a scathing attack on Egypt 's current political order , and calls for an end to fear and despotism .
Other provisions include curbing the far-reaching powers granted to the President in the 1971 constitution and introducing direct presidential elections with multiple candidates .
The dominant National Democratic Party -LRB- NDP -RRB- takes a different view , arguing that political change can be achieved without constitutional reform .
This is one reason why Mubarak 's call to hold a multi-candidate presidential election failed to galvanize Egypt 's electorate .
Healthy People , Healthy Cities , Healthy Economies OXFORD -- The forces that drove the growth of European and North American cities in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries are now driving urbanization in Brazil , China , India , Mexico , Russia , and other emerging-market countries .
They can do so by speeding up reconstruction efforts and increasing humanitarian assistance .
So neither money nor military power alone can end the bloodshed , and diplomacy with the less militant Chechen leader Aslan Maskhadov seems unlikely , for three reasons . First , contacts between Maskhadov and a few Russian politicians have n't - at least as of yet - influenced the Kremlin 's position .
But he must act now , for public support can be no substitute for resolute and effective action .
It can choose to lead the Middle East into vibrant multi-sectarian democracy or slump back into corrupt local politics under foreign tutelage .
Indeed , just as Lahoud 's chair at the talks is vacant , so -- in the eyes of the world and under the country 's 150-year old constitution -- is Lebanon 's presidency .
It has been vacant since September 2004 when Lahoud , backed by Syria , forced an extension of his six-year term on the Lebanese parliament , which elects the president .
We Lebanese can already claim victory in our year-long non-violent fight for independence and democracy .
This can only be reversed by violence , which is unlikely , so strong is the consensus that Lebanon needs a new president , and so ingrained is the rejection of force by all Lebanese .
We can not always afford to wait for gatherings of world leaders and financial pledges from donor nations .
As I stressed in remarks to the Security Council last week , the UN can not respond quickly and substantially if people and money are not standing by , ready to go .
WASHINGTON , DC -- American foreign policy stands on the brink of substantial belt-tightening .
The mounting expenses of servicing the growing national debt , combined with the skyrocketing costs of Social Security and Medicare as the 78-million-strong baby-boom generation retires , will leave less money for American initiatives abroad .
As I argue in my new book The Frugal Superpower : America 's Global Leadership in a Cash-Strapped Era , the burden that these obligations will impose on Americans -- in the form of higher taxes and fewer benefits -- will weaken public support for the expansive international role that the United States has played since World War II .
American foreign policy , for all its shortcomings , has underpinned political stability around the world .
The motives for these interventions varied , but all led to American efforts to establish working governments -- nation-building -- that proved protracted and frustrating .
The relevant institutions can not be built quickly and can not be imported , ready-made , from abroad .
For this reason , among others , the enterprise has not found favor with the American public .
Moreover , such projects make a far smaller contribution to US and global security and well-being than do other American foreign policies -- policies that the US should make every effort to continue .
These are three of the most important parts of the world , and in each the American military presence plays a constructive role .
In Europe , Germany can be confident that the US would help to contain an aggressive Russia , while Russia knows that Germany will remain tied to , and thus restrained by , the US .
In East Asia , American air and naval forces provide a check on China , but also serve one of China 's strategic interests by keeping Japan from conducting an independent military policy .
Complete American withdrawal could lead to suspicion , arms races , and , in the worst case , wars among the countries of Europe and Asia .
In the Middle East , the US confronts Iran , which seeks to expand its power by any means it can , to oust neighboring countries ' governments in favor of ideologically sympathetic forces , and ultimately to evict America from the region .
Indeed , containing Iran while thwarting its nuclear ambitions is the single most urgent priority for today 's cash-strapped American superpower .
If Americans had to pay more for gasoline , they would use less of it . With a high gasoline price , alternative sources of energy such as ethanol and alternative forms of transportation such as electrically powered automobiles would become commercially viable .
In the short term , Americans would have to make modest economic sacrifices in the form of higher fuel prices .
They would help to ensure that , even in an era of retrenchment in American foreign policy , the world would continue to enjoy the most important benefits of the expansive foreign policy that the US can no longer afford .
The political sentiments of many of the hundreds of thousands of people who gathered in Cairo 's Tahrir Square over the last three weeks leave little doubt that they do want democracy , and are willing to work and even to sacrifice for it . Whether they are numerous enough , resourceful enough , patient enough , wise enough , and brave enough -- and whether they will be lucky enough -- to achieve it is a question that only the people of Egypt can answer .
And , because the Republicans in Congress have an equally strong allergy to raising any taxes , any time , under any circumstances , the bill does not rely at all on tax increases -- not even for the wealthiest Americans -- for the deficit reduction that it provides .
That leaves only about one-third of total federal spending from which to cut , and much of that goes to the defense budget , which Republicans will attempt to protect in the future .
Moreover , economic growth is necessary to keep the promise -- enormously important to individual Americans -- that each generation will have the opportunity to become more prosperous than the preceding one , the popular term for which is `` the American dream . ''
Just as important for non-Americans , only robust economic growth can ensure that the US sustains its expansive role in the world , which supports the global economy and contributes to stability in Europe , East Asia , and the Middle East .
The first three elements of the American formula for growth cost money , and that money is included in the `` discretionary non-defense '' part of the federal budget now targeted by the debt-ceiling legislation .
Cutting these programs will lower American economic growth in the long term , with negative consequences both at home and abroad .
Reducing the deficit by cutting funds for education , infrastructure , and research and development is akin to trying to lose weight by cutting off three fingers . Most of the weight will remain , and one 's life prospects will have worsened significantly .
I can grasp - even at my age - my childish enduring self .
An artist who has lived under tyranny -LRB- and even one who has n't -RRB- can not ignore the barrier that separates the two roles .
I do n't dare to believe , as Dostoevsky did , that beauty can save our world .
Thus he can continue his never-ending adventure and humanize his shipwreck wherever he may be .
Cervantes ' political parody can be read in many twentieth-century East European stories .
In today 's free-market carnival , nothing seems visible unless it is scandalous and nothing is scandalous enough to be memorable .
The builders of the twin towers , whatever their native tongues , wanted to be Americans , citizens of the New World , the towers they built symbolizing the stature of freedom .
Every day , at the same hour , he appeared with his metal trunk stuffed with all that he had collected from street corner garbage cans ; it was as if he wanted to ensnare me with his street sorcery so that I could see the city 's unfathomable contrasts .
All faces , ages , and events , sooner or later , can be found here .
You pursue your business here as only New Yorkers can , but every once in a while you look up and wonder , `` How did I get here ? '' Or , rather , `` How on earth did mankind come so far ? ''
Like America itself , although so utterly different , New York can only be comprehended `` synthetically . ''
At best you can grab a mere crumb of this frenetic global kaleidoscope .
The case gained significance by adding fuel to the fiery public debates now underway not only in Italy but across Europe on the status of refugees and foreign residents .
Some Italians responded violently ; some Italian and Romanian politicians , eager to offer quick and tough solutions , made scandalous statements that echoed the xenophobic and totalitarian slogans of the past .
These wounds can not be instantly healed .
This is n't , of course , an excuse for this crime or for any crime , but it can not be ignored .
Although we can not expect a miraculous reincarnation of the criminal Mailat , we can and must ask for a radical review of the situation that marginalized people like him face .
Some Romanian refugees were already candidates for the local elections , praised for their hard work and honesty .
Residual traces of totalitarian thinking can also be found in the hostility to former dissidents like Adam Michnik or Václav Havel , both of whom argued that the new democracies should not exploit resentments or seek revenge , as the totalitarian state did , but instead build a new national consensus to structure and empower a genuine civil society .
As far as we know , Kundera never was an informer before or after this incident , and we can not ignore that he later freed himself from the compulsory totalitarian happiness that communism propagated .
But can we justifiably defend morally compromised artists and intellectuals on the basis of their work 's merit , yet condemn ordinary people for often less grave offenses ?
By hijacking `` rationality '' in the belief that human behavior can be predicted -LRB- and thus potentially controlled -RRB- , today 's arrogant General Staff of economists , bankers , and bureaucrats have compromised not only themselves , but the basic notion of freedom .
But it does extend to what economists ' can know about human behavior and the market .
In this regard , the most important lesson of 1989 and its aftermath is that society 's evolution can never be perfectly prophesied .
Although we refugees , immigrants , exiles , and outcasts do not boast ad infinitum that `` we are the best , '' as many Americans do , we still believe that the US remains a powerful guarantor of freedom and democracy , and we consider its incoherence part of its liberty .
Of course , art and culture can offer a respite from the oversimplifications of our age -- a respite that we need more than ever if we are to reckon with the destiny behind and before us .
After all , guilt is as significant as courage in any human enterprise .
NEW YORK -- It is said that Americans have a genius for simplification .
Nowhere is this trend more damaging than in today 's mercantile approach to art .
I was thinking again about these old and seemingly unsolvable questions during my re-reading of a quite challenging novel by a close friend and a great writer , not very present in the vivid landscape of American letters of today .
How can you go home again if the sea has been sucked down a vast drain that opened up beneath it , emptying it who knows where , into a void ?
Others admit to having scant regard for religion , but say that Pakistan has come to mean so little to them that their religion supersedes their loyalty to the country .
How can a country be expected to prosper if the majority of its citizens harbor only a secondary allegiance to the state ?
How can it progress if , as the noted author M.J. Akbar wrote , `` the idea of Pakistan is weaker than the Pakistani . ''
The point is that eventually , despite strong regional loyalties and various cultural and religious differences , the majority can identify as being simply `` Pakistani '' -- even though they may harbor radical differences about what this might mean .
This helps explain the intense corruption present in Afghan courts , where `` honor '' can be redeemed by bribing a judge to have a rapist or murderer released .
Iranian films and the much loved Indian TV serials , not to mention the occasional American film , influence peoples ' expectations .
But Afghanistan can not begin to solve its many problems until it criminalizes the privatized violence of this antiquated code .
Each new revelation of physical abuse , maltreatment , and sexual humiliation of Iraqi prisoners by American and British soldiers shocks international public opinion , leaving officials to scramble desperately to contain the damage .
We can not succeed on one without succeeding on the other .
With international collaboration and sound policies , we can achieve that success by launching a new era of low-carbon economic growth while adapting to the climate change that is on the way .
The new proposals in this week 's report by the High-Level Advisory Group on Climate Change Financing , commissioned by the United Nations Secretary-General in February , can help make progress towards agreement at the UN climate-change conference in Cancun , Mexico , later this month .
The measures described can be scaled up if a bigger target becomes necessary .
Sound policies in developing countries , a price for carbon , and risk-sharing and co-financing with MDBs and other national and international institutions can yield private flows that are many times the public resources involved in fostering them .
The Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis , and Malaria has shown how much can be achieved through adopting a results-oriented approach to financial support .
An African Green Fund for both adaptation and mitigation could put resources and experience to good use in one of the most vulnerable parts of the world -- and one that is full of opportunity in the new low-carbon era .
Yet we can not decide whether this build-up is menacing .
While awed by American hardware , some PLA brass are convinced that if Saddam Hussein had been a better commander , the battle for Baghdad could have been , to quote Zhang Zhaozhong of the Chinese National Defense University , `` George Bush 's Stalingrad . ''
One aspect often over-looked in foreign assessments of the PLA is its political indoctrination and the level of fanaticism this can create for an actual battlefield scenario .
The supposition that China can not become a threat in the near future , or in the next twenty years , is simplistic , because it ignores basic aspects of China 's political system .
The `` black '' economy has , by some estimates , reached 10 % of GDP in advanced countries and can top 70 % in developing countries .
But the results often fall short of the potential benefits , because VAT has helped inspire tax evaders to create even stronger networks that can hide an entire chain of transactions .
Moreover , the method is vulnerable to illicit practices , such as collecting receipts issued to foreigners and students , who can not claim their own refunds .
As typically happens in these cases , once a critical mass of tax evasion is reached , it can jump to much larger values .
Yet these violent acts can be viewed as a political conflict in the sense that young people are directly challenging the state by attacking its representatives .
But the fiscal realities on both sides of the Atlantic nowadays are very similar , and only lingering trust in the promise of America keeps alive the expectation among some Europeans that some grand American coup de théâtre will resolve the country 's dire debt situation .
Of course , many Americans recognize the scale of the country 's debt burden .
Admiral Mike Mullen , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and thus America 's highest ranking military officer , recently said , `` The greatest danger to American security comes from the national debt . '' Four Americans out of ten agree with him , whereas less than three in ten deem terrorism or Iran more dangerous .
In the 2000 's , China became the prime source of debt financing , and Americans were happy , because it enabled the US Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low .
It is enough to remember that in 2008 there were only 12 public companies in the world with AAA credit ratings , but more than 60,000 -- mostly American -- triple-A structured financial products .
There is no newly emerging Great Power that can assume responsibility for global finance , as there was in 1914 .
While none of these measures is new , implementing them would add significant clarity and fairness to football , and thus enhance the legitimacy of the game .
So fear of a panic can create a panic .
The main conclusion of my work is that policies aimed at ensuring liquidity can not only prevent bank panics , but also avoid the excess risk-taking that deposit insurance encourages .
The central bank can help with familiar tools .
In contrast to deposit insurance , however , liquidity provision can avoid moral hazard by helping only those banks that are solvent . Depositors still have a strong incentive to monitor their banks .
It can ask the central bank for help and sell some of its assets for cash .
Along with the success of socially diverse candidates fielded by the Maoists , the Constituent Assembly that was elected in April represents an unprecedented array of marginalized groups .
The Maoists enter the government still with their own army -- confined to cantonments , with their weapons stored under UN monitoring -- and a Young Communist League that has persistently acted outside the law .
Reaching a national consensus will be a formidable task for the Constituent Assembly , and meanwhile the Nepali people can not be expected to wait patiently until a new constitution is drafted to see real improvement in their daily lives .
If an internal EU imbalance is to be corrected , deficit countries must accept real output losses , while surplus countries can maintain or even boost their growth rates .
Germany is by far the largest EU exporter to China , whose trade significance , though nowhere close to that of Germany 's eurozone partners , is growing fast .
In principle , deficit countries may not have to go through further recession to promote external adjustment if they can generate sufficient income from exports to service their external debts .
Further reforms could yield additional benefits , but much of the handicap imposed on African farmers by post-colonial governments has now been removed .
Census data compiled in recent revisions of United Nations population projections reveal the slowly unfolding implications of African history .
African households obtained access to modern medicine much later and more suddenly than people in other regions .
Africa 's towns and cities have been growing at some of the world 's fastest rates , but their absolute size is so small that they can absorb only a fraction of all new workers .
The third turning point in this sequence is technological : national estimates of cereal crop productivity show how , after decades of stagnation during the Asian green revolution , African yields have grown steadily over the past decade , so that estimated cereal grain output per capita now equals that of South Asia .
Taken together , African politics , demography , and the delayed arrival of new technologies imposed severe headwinds against per-capita growth of agricultural output in the last quarter of the twentieth century .
Past efforts have been victims of their own success : as the burst of worldwide agricultural research and development in the 1970 's and 1980 's led to global food abundance in the 1990 's and 2000 's , foreign-aid donors turned to other priorities , and their per-capita support for African agriculture fell to a historical low in 2006 of around one dollar per year .
African agriculture continues to face serious challenges .
But African countries do have some things in common : widespread improvements in farm policy , improved demographic conditions , and the availability of new technologies create new opportunities for the decade ahead .
These three mega-trends put African farmers in a better position than ever before to take advantage of increased public and private investment .
If funders take notice , farmers are poised to respond -- and 2010 could mark the start of a bright new era in African agriculture .
This followed other minor scandals concerning the misuse of political funds , which had led to two resignations and the suicide of one of Abe 's cabinet ministers .
Koizumi had real successes in these reform efforts , which significantly transformed a malfunctioning Japanese state that was in the grip of pork-barrel LDP politicians , bureaucrats , and big business elites .
The DPJ , now temporarily aligned with low-profile bureaucrats behind the scene , can now either obstruct any bill in the Upper House that is sponsored by Abe 's administration , thereby cornering him into dissolving the Lower House , or they can engage in meticulous deliberations in the Diet in the hope of demonstrating to the electorate their fitness to govern .
In the meantime , Japan will drift , unable to take any significant foreign policy decision at a time when Asia 's security landscape is changing rapidly .
And , for a year , the opposition Democratic Party of Japan -LRB- DPJ -RRB- and other mini-parties control Upper House , which can veto legislation .
The LDP has tried to placate public wrath about a series of political scandals and policy mistakes over the last two years , while the DPJ has attempted to capitalize on these .
Given Japan 's huge accumulated national debts , the LDP can no longer appease the electorate through pork-barrel spending .
Yet the LDP 's position is not hopeless , because the public remains highly skeptical that the amateurish DPJ can control the bureaucracy , either .
Moreover , the LDP was plagued by a string of minor scandals and consistent bungling .
As a result , the mandarins survived WWII and the postwar American occupation relatively undamaged , and they will strive to survive the DPJ government as well .
The mandarins have maintained their privileged position in this regard , owing partly to the tax system , which prevents the emergence of non-profit institutions , especially think tanks , where independent policy expertise can be forged .
The birth of the DPJ government can yet be a turning point .
If the DPJ can break free of mandarin control by centralizing policy formation in the office of the prime minister , as it intends , Japan can emerge as a more resilient democracy with a full-fledged two-party system and greater willingness to assume an international leadership role .
The significance of these moves has , however , been poorly understood .
Rather , Japan has initiated a series of abrupt policy changes , while the US , only dimly aware of the significance of its relative decline , assumes that Japan 's decades-long docility will continue .
The relocation of the Marine Corps base -- an issue burdened by the competing imperatives of Hatoyama 's coalition government , American military strategy , and local anti-base politics on the island of Okinawa -- is now a focal point of tensions with the US .
Hatoyama can not please everyone all the time , least of all the US .
If this approach does not work , and if the existing Marine base on Okinawa remains , Hatoyama can pass the buck to the US , thereby deflecting anti-base pressure from local residents .
But Ozawa remains combative , hinting that the two sides are engaged in a grudge match -- and knowing that his faction can intervene through the ruling DPJ to shake up the personnel , budget , and operations of the prosecutor 's office .
But a significant part of the JSA 's revenue , if not a majority of it , still comes from ticket sales , despite the big fees that NHK , Japan 's public television , pays for broadcast rights .
Sumo , as a traditional spectacle , can not survive without respectable patrons .
The Sumo gambling scandal , indeed , may be a prelude to it .
Only three months ago , Kan was chosen as the DPJ 's top leader to restore its public image , which had been severely tarnished by political-financing scandals involving his predecessor as prime minister , Yukio Hatoyama , and a separate scandal involving Ozawa .
The DPJ suffered a bitter defeat in this summer 's upper-house election , after Kan abruptly proposed a significant increase in the highly unpopular consumption tax .
Despite his confusing signals , Ozawa 's stance is neither pro-China nor anti-American , given that he most recently emphasized Japan 's sovereignty over the Senkaku islands as an integral part of its territory -- a position that China strongly disputes .
Logically , Ozawa 's approach involves a significant military buildup , but he remains silent about how to maintain effective deterrence once the US Marines leave Okinawa .
Japan and America can now agree only on what will not be implemented .
Ozawa , had he become prime minister , would inevitably have been subjected to not only similar obstruction in Diet sessions but also to interrogation about his financing scandal , while fearing prosecution .
In order to ride out the hung Diet , Kan will have to reconstruct party unity by replacing at least the incumbent anti-Ozawa party chief or Chief Cabinet Secretary , and , possibly , by appointing a pro-Ozawa Justice Minister -- i.e. , someone who can block Ozawa 's prosecution in the financing scandal .
Remembering the Importance of Forgetting SINGAPORE -- `` Be careful what you post on Facebook , '' US President Barack Obama warned American high school students this past September .
For example , more and more employers are researching job applicants through Google and social-networking Web sites .
A better approach would be to ensure that digital information , like its offline variants of yesteryear , can disappear over time .
Building a Safe Nanotechnology Future We are living -- according to some -- on the brink of a nanotechnology revolution , where matter is engineered at a scale thousands of times smaller than the eye can see , and familiar materials behave in unexpected ways .
The opportunities seem endless , from building stronger , lighter materials and manufacturing tremendously powerful yet incredibly small computers , to developing new sustainable energy sources and devising personalized cures for cancer .
In the same way that iron can be made into products as different as skillets and swords , the usefulness or harmfulness of nanotechnology products depends on how they are crafted at the nanometer scale .
As a result , we can no longer rely on conventional ways of managing risk that are based on the raw materials alone .
We can not afford to drive blind into the nanotechnology future .
Today , they are comparable with American income disparities .
But income disparities in the regions are still substantial in western Europe when compared with American states .
In 2005 , average income disparities were twice as high within the then-EU-25 as within the American states . But they have come down by nearly one-third over the past 12 years .
Of course , Europe 's labor immobility is partly caused by linguistic and cultural differences -- barriers that can not easily be removed .
But other barriers can be overcome by reforming housing policies , reducing the cost of moving , and revising social-welfare policies in order to end fears of losing long-term benefits .
Between Pax Americana and Pax Africana
Between Pax Americana and Pax Africana
Unlike anti-European guerilla war and anti-colonial terrorism in Africa , anti-American and anti-Zionist terrorism in the Middle East has led nowhere .
In order to kill twelve Americans in an attack on the US Embassy in August 1998 , Middle Eastern terrorists killed some two hundred Kenyans in Nairobi .
Far more Tanzanians than Americans were killed and wounded when the US Embassy in Dar es Salaam was targeted at the same time .
Indeed , violence between Americans and Middle Easterners has been spilling over into Africa for decades .
Before Clinton , President Ronald Reagan ordered the bombing of Tripoli and Benghazi in Libya in 1986 in retaliation for the bombing of a German disco in which several Americans were killed .
Similarly , many Africans were killed at the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 -- Senegalese hawkers , Nigerian investors , Ethiopian or Eritrean drivers , Ghanaian students , Egyptian and South African tourists , and others .
At that moment , Pax Americana entered Africa , forging an alliance with the governments and people long struggling to establish a Pax Africana .
Moreover , efforts by the US to unite African governments against terrorism may merely bolster authoritarianism .
The pressure on African governments to enact legislation against terrorism may pose new threats to civil liberties at the very moment when democratization is gathering momentum .
But will American resources help to strengthen Pax Africana , or will American power simply turn it into a handmaiden of Pax Americana ?
How can we avoid the Americanization of Pax Africana ?
One solution is for the African states to evolve a common position and shared rules of engagement in the war on terrorism .
Ideally , the US should deal with a South Atlantic Treaty Organization , consisting of African states that are allied against terrorism , rather than cutting bilateral deals with individual African countries .
The African Union , which replaced the Organization for African Unity -LRB- OAU -RRB- in 2002 , is trying to reproduce the European Union 's institutions and ways of acting .
In Africa , such an approach is particularly noxious because there is no real commitment on the part of African rulers to unity , which offers the prospect of creating a bureaucracy with no mission but to waste Africa 's scarce resources .
The go-it-alone strategy practiced by most African countries has left them vulnerable to the whims of former colonial powers determined to perpetuate an international division of labor that assigns to Africa the role of supplier of basic products and raw materials , rather than skilled , well-paid labor .
This should be followed by a determined strategy to end Africa 's position as the `` ghetto continent , '' one used by the industrialised countries -- in collusion with most African rulers -- as a dumping ground for obsolete products .
If true African unity is to emerge , Africa 's rulers must be committed to it , not just in words , but by deeds .
Unlike the EU , African unity can not be built on the will of the elites alone ;
The EU may well have avoided significant constitutional tensions had its member states ' governments initiated such programs much sooner ;
This involves consolidating institutions such as regional Organisations for Economic Cooperation , African Payments Unions , regional clearing houses , and compensatory mechanisms ;
The AU must secure an AAA bond rating in order to tap international capital markets on the most favorable terms , which includes issuing bonds on African exchanges .
The AU will also have to keep an eye on the abuse of state funds by African rulers and local elites .
An entirely new financial culture needs to be implemented to eliminate corruption , and this will require that Africans monitor other Africans .
A program for African renewal along the lines outlined above offers the best hope for creating stability , new jobs , and establishing democracy in a continent that desperately needs all three .
African countries that were locked out of international capital markets for most of the past five decades have largely been spared the twin woes of financial turmoil and economic downturn .
Moreover , several African countries have received ratings from credit agencies , which has opened up global financial centers to them .
These developments have combined to improve African countries ' macroeconomic performance dramatically .
Since 2000 , sub-Saharan African countries have achieved economic growth of 5-7 % .
Improved governance , higher food production , increased inter-regional trade , debt cancellation , better use of official development assistance -LRB- ODA -RRB- , and thriving telecommunications and housing markets have helped as well .
But transfers from the African diaspora stand out as the most significant contributing factor .
For sub-Saharan African countries , remittances increased from $ 3.1 billion in 1995 to $ 18.5 billion in 2007 , according to the World Bank , representing between 9 % and 24 % of GDP and 80-750 % of ODA .
This approach , widely developed by Morocco and the Portuguese-speaking world , is epitomized by the zero-commission policy initiated by the Spanish bank Santander and its Moroccan counterpart , Attijariwafa Bank .
That makes it all the more important that African countries , many of which have laid a strong groundwork for sustainable growth , have a financial system in place that can leverage remittances effectively as the global economy recovers .
With the exception of Ghana , and a few other states , in 2009 most African countries ' fiscal balances deteriorated .
But , thanks to prudent management of public finances during previous periods of robust growth , a significant number of African countries have endured the current crisis in better fiscal shape than during past crises .
Moreover , several African countries continued to implement long-term reforms to improve their business and investment climate , despite the daunting challenges presented by the crisis .
Of course , numerous downside risks -- adverse weather shocks , military conflict , and political turmoil -- still can undermine the hard-earned benefits of this social and economic record .
The effects of banks ' hijacking of national payment systems to service only the modern economy are compounded by the exclusive agreements that banks and money-transfer companies such as Western Union have signed with most African countries .
These agreements lock out non-banking entities from the highly lucrative market for migrant remittances from the African diaspora , which remain a key engine of growth .
Although marginalized by African officials , this cash-based economy is a major contributor to the continent 's productive capacity .
African states must now recognize that modernizing their informal sectors by integrating them into the modern economy can be a major development tool . Yet only a few countries have started moving in that direction .
Nigeria has refrained from signing any exclusive agreements with Western Union and others , and its newly consolidated banking industry is making significant inroads across the region .
The South African Reserve Bank has created a special platform within its national payment system for micro-finance institutions and non-banks .
But it strains the imagination to link Africa 's colonial-era pains with the willingness of African leaders to spend a fortune to equip their countries with state-of-the-art settlement systems , and then proceed to exclude their citizens from using them .
Abraham Lincoln once said that a house divided can not stand . There is an economic corollary to this : an economic house divided can not prosper .
As French president , he sought to circumvent that tide by proposing to the leaders of France 's African colonies a negotiated settlement for independence .
Unfortunately , West Africa 's regional grouping , the Economic Community of West African States -LRB- ECOWAS -RRB- , is not as effective .
With the establishment of ECOWAS , the Franc Zone countries created two sub-regional groupings , WAEMU and CEMAC , in a bid to curb British , American , and Nigerian influence .
As a result , West African countries are mostly missing out on Africa 's current revival -- and the prospect of a prolonged period of stagnation in the eurozone certainly wo n't help .
The imbalanced relationship between France and its former African colonies would beggar belief if the psychology of Africa 's `` liberators '' 50 years ago were overlooked .
Houphouët-Boigny 's support for France 's African policy led him to establish diplomatic ties with South Africa 's apartheid regime and make his country a supply-transit route for the Biafra secessionists .
Consumption , fueled by huge Asian demand for African commodities , is on the rise across the continent .
But , unless African leaders change their ways , it will not .
Hundreds of years ago , many African kings effectively engaged with the West 's rising imperial powers to halt the growth of indigenous industry in pre-colonial Africa .
But it would not have existed without the active and willing participation of African elites .
After independence in the early 1960 's , during the Cold War , many African rulers played the West against the Soviet bloc to retain their predatory economies .
However , this cost is nothing compared to the scars associated with Africans being seen around the world as the `` wretched of the earth . ''
At the turn of the millennium , a meeting of African church leaders convened on the Senegalese island of Gorée to urge Africans to assess their share of responsibility for the slave trade .
Yet the truth can not be denied .
If Africans want to change this , they can not spare themselves a collective debate about their elites ' complicity in widespread impoverishment .
DAKAR -- Sub-Saharan African is in the grip of currency-union mania .
Before the euro 's arrival on the international financial scene in 1999 , the only examples of countries with common currencies were neo-colonial francophone Africa and nineteenth-century precedents like the Latin American and Scandinavian monetary unions .
Yet , despite the difficulties that have bedeviled the CFA -LRB- and the euro of late -RRB- -- indeed , despite the absence of viable regional customs unions -LRB- except in the East African Community -RRB- , let alone a single market -- Africans retain a strong allegiance to the idea of a currency union .
By contrast , trade among African countries accounts for only about 10-12 % of the continent 's exports and imports .
But , partly because several African countries have escaped the hang-over from the global credit crisis , more investors are focusing on business opportunities there .
By 2050 , the combined GDP of the largest 11 African economies should reach more than $ 13 trillion , surpassing Brazil and Russia -LRB- but not China or India -RRB- .
China 's African Front
Nowadays , we are witnessing the application of Sun 's ideas in Africa , where China 's prime objectives are to secure energy and mineral supplies to fuel its breakneck economic expansion , open up new markets , curtail Taiwan 's influence on the continent , consolidate its burgeoning global authority , and clinch for themselves African-allocated export quotas .
-LRB- The Chinese takeovers of South African and Nigerian textile industries are good examples of this strategy .
The textiles exported the world over by these industries are deemed African exports when in reality they are now Chinese exports . -RRB-
Astutely , China has sought to place its African investments and diplomacy within the context of the old non-aligned movement and `` Bandung spirit , '' an era when many Africans viewed China as a brotherly oppressed nation , and thus supported efforts by the People 's Republic to gain a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council , to replace Taiwan .
Unlike China , its leaders claim , the West continues to hold African countries hostage through a combination of unequal trade deals , lack of access to capital markets , aid dependency , financial deregulation and economic liberalization , budget austerity , crippling debt , political meddling , and military intervention .
What the Chinese are silent about is that their country 's growing engagement in Africa has created both opportunities and risks for African development .
Although China 's trade , foreign direct investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- , and aid may broaden Africa 's growth options , they also promote what can only be called a win-lose situation .
Making matters worse , African exports to China are even less technology-intensive than its exports to the world .
Given the heavy volume of concessionary loans provided by China , concern about African countries ' future debt burden is growing .
And no matter how much China publicizes its record in Africa , the greatest contributor of financial inflows to the continent is the African diaspora .
China 's credo of `` non-interference in domestic affairs '' and `` separation of business and politics '' is , not surprisingly , music to the ears of African leaders , who fall over each other to sing the praises of Chinese cooperation with their countries .
Today , many African leaders pursue similar policies with China , which has struck bargains across Africa to secure crude oil , minerals , and metals in exchange for infrastructure built by Chinese companies .
With apartheid-style practices -- including the gunning down of local workers by a Chinese manager in Zambia -- Chinese managers impose appalling working conditions on their African employees .
Today , China has seized control of a huge swath of local African industries , in the process grabbing their allocated export quotas .
Still , in perpetuating a partnership with the same breed of corrupt leaders that colluded with Africa 's previous invaders and exploiters , the Chinese have forgotten that Africans , albeit often their own worst enemies , have nonetheless gained the upper hand over their foes in the end .
After gaining independence from France in 1960 with Felix Houphouet-Boigny as President , the country became the world 's largest exporter of cocoa beans and a significant exporter of coffee and palm oil .
In 1990 , Houphouet-Boigny appointed Alassane Ouattara , the governor of the Central Bank of the West African States , as Prime Minister to fix Ivory Coast 's growing economic problems .
Ivory Coast 's third key stakeholder is France , which under President Charles de Gaulle had granted independence to its former African colonies on the condition that French troops remain stationed on their territories , and that their economies remain tightly linked to France .
With such a currency regime in place , there is no prospect for proper industrialization in western Africa 's francophone countries , whose economic woes stand in sharp contrast to other reviving African economies .
Now the only change he wants to make is to the constitution , so that he can retain his hold on power .
Unfortunately , Wade turned out to be almost a caricature of the dozy African potentate for whom power , nepotism , and embezzlement become indistinguishable .
In doing so , Wade broke ranks with the rest of the African Union , naively expecting to gain French and Western support for his bid to retain power .
Annual growth of 1.2 % in the agricultural sector , which employs 60 % of the population , can not provide for a population that is growing at more than twice that rate .
And this pathetic performance comes at a time when many African economies ' agricultural sectors are booming on the back of high world food prices .
For example , with sufficient investment , a port at Bargny could serve not only as a West African export base , but also as a processing hub for minerals and a center for the liquefaction of natural gas .
Let us also hope that the next government will realize Senegal 's huge potential as a West African regional economic hub .
France 's unchallenged political , economic , and military domination of its former sub-Saharan African colonies is rooted in a currency , the CFA franc .
Created in 1948 to help France control the destiny of its colonies , fourteen countries -- Benin , Burkina-Faso , Ivory Coast , Mali , Niger , Senegal , Togo , Cameroon , Central African Republic , Congo , Gabon , Equatorial Guinea , Bissau Guinea , and Chad -- maintained the franc zone even after they gained independence decades ago .
The bulk of the CFA franc money supply comes from trade between France and its African allies .
So the end result of the partnership between France and its former African colonies has been spectacularly lopsided .
France has secured a vast market for its products , a steady supply of cheap raw materials , repatriation of the lion 's share of local savings , unrivaled political influence , a strategic presence with military bases occupied free of charge , and the certainty that it can rely on its African allies ' diplomatic support .
But for the Africans , the partnership has meant weak trade performance , tight money , high interest rates , massive capital flight , and mountains of debt whose repayment prevents higher investment in education , training , health , food production , housing , and industry .
This arrangement 's negative effects extend , moreover , to the entire African continent .
They helped block the project and establish the notoriously inefficient African club of heads of states , the Organization of African Unity -LRB- OAU -RRB- , thus setting back the clock of African integration by decades .
When the OAU mandated the Economic Community of West African States -LRB- ECOWAS -RRB- to promote regional economic and monetary union , France and its allies moved quickly to impede it by spearheading the creation of the West African Economic and Monetary Union -LRB- UEMOA -RRB- and the Central African Economic and Monetary Union -LRB- CEMAC -RRB- .
This partly prevented ECOWAS from emulating the economic performance of it sister organizations , the Southern African Development Community -LRB- SADC -RRB- and the Common Market of East and Southern Africa -LRB- COMESA -RRB- .
But for France 's African allies , grafting a program of economic integration onto a pre-existing artificial monetary union is delusory and unworkable .
The success that US President George W. Bush and his special envoy , former Secretary of State James Baker , had in getting Iraq 's foreign debts canceled or rescheduled shows what can be done when a policy is backed by political will .
Just three years ago , Jubilee 2000 made news when civil society groups , rock stars , and a few finance ministers like Britain 's Gordon Brown pushed for African debt cancellation .
Finally , Baker was appealing to America 's traditional allies in Europe and the Middle East , who need American friendship in many areas .
The campaign to forgive Africa 's debt was , on the other hand , focused on the crushing debt load owed by African countries to the IMF and the World Bank , who only have money to worry about .
It is worth remembering that no sub-Saharan African country - with the exceptions of South Africa and Rhodesia -LRB- now Zimbabwe -RRB- , then administered by white minority governments - could tap international capital markets at independence in the early 1960 's .
These institutions identified , appraised , approved , and financed projects that ratcheted up African debt .
Still , despite all these costly measures paid for by Africans , all the post-evaluation reports on completed projects indicated that the overwhelming majority of projects were unable to generate the revenues needed to service the debts that financed them .
These clauses have yet to be invoked , but for the sake of unity and to strengthen the solidarity of African countries , it would be advisable for the nascent African Union take the lead .
Any compensation retrieved from such legal proceedings should be used to establish an African monetary fund whose objective would be to put Africa on a fast track to comprehensive regional integration , enabling the continent to capitalize on globalization 's positive features .
Litigation can be costly and hazardous .
According to the US Energy Department , within this decade American oil imports from Africa will reach 770 millions barrels annually , as exploration intensifies throughout the Gulf of Guinea , and as the US brokers peace in war-ravaged oil-producing countries , such as Sudan and Angola , and establishes strategic bases to safeguard output .
As a result , West African oil producers will be earning an estimated $ 200 billion over the next decade , more than 10 times the sum Western countries allocate each year to the `` aid industry '' in the region .
So why are n't Africans celebrating ?
As scandalous as it might be , these sums are mere peanuts compared to the $ 4.5 billions in oil revenues supposedly siphoned away from African government coffers over the last decade .
Only openness and accountability can reverse this trend .
Unfortunately , because the companies and African politicians have every reason to avoid transparency , the EITI plans were rendered meaningless when they were not made compulsory .
The people who rebelled against these injustices were not Africans , but well-wishers from western organizations such as EITI , the US aid agency Catholic Relief Services -LRB- CRS -RRB- , and Global Witness .
African intellectuals , artists , and civil rights activists did not feel the need to express solidarity with fellow Africans and to defend the rights of the downtrodden .
African civil society seems trapped in indifference and inertia .
It is customary to link Africa 's failures to slavery and colonization , and no one can deny such claims .
Recently , a congregation of African church leaders convened in the Senegalese island of Gorée and urged their people to assess their share of responsibility for the slave trade .
That is a shame , for here was a moment to expose the flaws of most African leaders throughout our tormented history .
Their fecklessness and recklessness are what convince much of the world that Africans can do nothing but dance , slaughter each other , and beg .
No one , least of all impoverished Africans , can afford to repeat that mistake .
This implies active complicity between creditors -LRB- the OECD countries and their financial institutions , especially the IMF and the World Bank -RRB- and borrowers -LRB- African governments -RRB- .
Using the latter two types to impose `` odious debts '' on Africans undermines western lenders ' credibility concerning money laundering , good governance , transparency , fiscal discipline , and macroeconomic policies conducive to economic growth .
First , African leaders , who should repudiate these debts , are the ones who contracted them in the first place , with the obvious aim of enriching themselves .
According to figures released by the American investment bank Salomon Brothers , the return of flight capital was estimated at around $ 40 billion for Latin America in 1991 , led by Mexico , Venezuela , Brazil , Argentina , and Chile .
Common sense points to the need for the OECD countries , the IMF , and the World Bank to sever their dubious complicity with sub-Saharan African leaders and support policies that are in the long-term interest of the West and the world .
But only policies that privilege social justice and economic development can win the fight against terrorism definitively .
But , in addition to the trade distortions that Blair has promised to address , he and other Western leaders should put an end to scandalous `` round-tipping '' or `` back-to-back '' loans and return the funds embezzled by African leaders and their Western friends .
But the centuries-old culture of leadership that is ingrained in many African societies has played an equally disastrous role .
Indeed , the overwhelming majority of African rulers regard their countries as their personal possessions , to be used as they see fit .
He has revived pan-Americanism , and Venezuela has become a member of Mercosur , the regional grouping whose other members include Argentina , Brazil , Chile , Uruguay , and Paraguay .
When sub-Saharan African countries gained independence in the late 1950 's and early 1960 's , their leaders inherited bankrupt states with no access to international capital markets .
As a result , newly established African leaders had no alternative but to sub-contract economic development to the IMF and World Bank and the Western countries that control them .
The IMF can cut off not only its own credit , but also most loans from the larger World Bank , other multilateral lenders , rich country governments , and even much of the private sector .
Similarly , sub-Saharan Africa 's development can not not be delegated to others .
Fortunately , there is hope that the region can resist the West 's destructive neo-liberal agenda .
The first step towards implementing such policies , however , must be to re-invent and reinvigorate a pan-African identity .
The next meeting , later this year , of the China-Africa Cooperation Forum -LRB- CACF -RRB- , established to promote trade and investment , will include 46 African heads of state , along with China 's leaders . In any case , Chinese President Hu Jintao , Vice President Zeng Quinghong , and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao visit the continent regularly .
China 's moves to strengthen its African ties have three objectives : to consolidate secure energy and mineral supplies , to curtail Taiwan 's influence on the continent -LRB- which harbors six of the 26 countries with which it maintains full diplomatic relations -RRB- , and to augment China 's burgeoning global authority .
China has invested billions of dollars in African oil production , mining , transportation , electricity production and transmission , telecommunications , and other infrastructure .
Sino-African trade grew by 700 % during the 1990 's , doubled from 2000 to 2003 , to $ 18.5 billion , and then jumped to $ 32.2 billion in the first 10 months of 2005 .
While trade and investment ties with China helped boost the continent 's overall economic growth to a record-high 5.2 % in 2005 , China also canceled $ 10 billion in bilateral debts from African countries .
African countries have become large buyers of Chinese weapons and military equipment .
France has stepped up its monitoring of China 's African activities .
Africa is the world 's only remaining `` soft target '' where outside powers can battle it out for access to mineral resources .
As Africans know from past experience , countries have no friends , but only interests .
Africa 's economy may grow , but Africans will continue to suffer .
Overcoming Africa 's North-South Divide The late President Mobutu Sese Seko of former Zaire once declared that the North African countries , which pride themselves on their Arabic descent , should be excluded from the then Organization of African Unity .
Mobutu 's rule was , of course , deeply flawed , but he was not alone within the pan-African movement in such thinking .
More grotesquely , when the Americans decided to finance a film on the life of Anwar Sadat , the Egyptians objected because the actor chosen to play Sadat was black .
And when Libyan leader Colonel Muammar Khadafi , disappointed by the pan-Arabism he advocated , turned to championing pan-Africanism , his people continued to riot to chase out black immigrants .
Mauritania 's leaders quit ECOWAS , the West African regional grouping , to join the union formed by the North African countries .
Justifying the killings of black Africans , a leading Arab commentator invoked Stalin : `` One ca n't make an omelet without breaking eggs . ''
Why then , should sub-Saharan black Africans keep alive the mirage of a union with the North African countries ?
The Egyptians , with a historical civilization second to none in terms of achievements in all walks of life , want desperately to associate with the Arabs , with whom they have no kinship other than colonization . Likewise , the other people of North African countries are Berbers who , less than half a century ago , were given cash incentives to learn Arabic .
The African Union needs thorough rethinking .
This would entail the dismantling of the African Union in its current form , which in any case is built on shaky grounds , since its designers seemed to favor plagiarizing the European Union -- hardly a bureaucratic model worth emulating .
But African leaders have no interest in a real African Union .
They derive their powers from the fragmentation of the continent , and one can not expect them to renounce that stance for the sake of the well-being of the masses .
Now , Bolivar has an heir in Hugo Chávez , and the Latin American political landscape is changing at breakneck speed under his inspiration and leadership .
Inspired leadership is crucial to any process of nation building , and Africans should look to figures such as Bolivar , Martin Luther King , Jr. , Georges Padmore , W.E.B. Dubois , Kwame Nkrumah , and Cheikh Anta Diop to mount a resistance movement against their mostly corrupt and incompetent leaders -LRB- a Herculean task , indeed -RRB- .
Only then could they fulfill the dream of a common African identity and the establishment of a United States of Africa .
So he would have been flabbergasted to see his prophecy realized , not by communism , but by the globalization of Anglo-American economic liberalism .
As for African countries , the politics and economics of globalization have stripped them of their assets and natural resources and left them with an unbearable debt burden .
Harnessing the hydroelectric power of the Congo Basin alone would be enough to meet all of Africa 's energy needs , or to light the entire continent of South America . Moreover , establishing an African grid would enable power from the Democratic Republic of Congo to be delivered to southern European countries such as Spain , Portugal , and Italy .
Conflict has also communicated the unequivocal message that unity can not be secured and maintained by force alone .
Rather , it is only by respecting our diversity -- ensuring that each social group enjoys a shared sense of belonging , rather than feeling marginalized and excluded -- that the state 's unity and peace can be guaranteed .
As long ago as 1975 , Gafaar al-Nimeiry , Sudan 's military head of state , stated with great prescience what Sudan and Africa needed to do to achieve peace and stability . `` Unity based on diversity has become the essence and the raison d'être of the political and national entity of many an emerging African country today .
Proof positive that proportional representation can produce strange outcomes .
It can also raise or lower the basic rate of income tax -- though by no more than 3 % -- and levy charges , such as road tolls .
Yet , despite such alarming levels of bloodshed , the insurgency has been under-reported and under-researched , barely registering on the international community 's radar screen , largely because the conflict can not be reduced to a sound bite-friendly narrative of identifiable bad guys and good guys .
Many Thai military and police officials now privately admit that the insurgency can not be defeated through security measures .
As is always the case , however , resources alone can not solve problems rooted in weak policies .
Lending large sums before assessing root causes and determining appropriate policy responses can undermine the IFIs ' credibility and reduce the capital available to assist other countries in need .
Fourth , governments and the IFIs can not solve this crisis alone , and they can not and should not crowd out the private sector .
In situations where government intervention is necessary , we must consider specific ways in which the private sector can assist in the recovery .
But we must guard against the re-emergence of significant imbalances , which means , in part , assuring the exchange-rate flexibility that must play a critical role in allowing needed economic adjustments to occur .
We can not continue to commit ourselves to delivering a more competitive Europe while denying ourselves the means to achieve it .
I appreciate that close cooperation and partnership with member states are required , and I am ready to work with them in whatever way I can to help them to transpose and apply EU law correctly .
A modern single market should reflect modern needs , and we should concentrate our efforts where they can have most effect .
We need to accept that not everything can be run from the center , which means more trust and more partnership , but also more willingness to shoulder responsibility further down the line .
If successful , they will impair the revival of a transparent , responsible , and vibrant securitization market -- a market that , if properly managed , can contribute meaningfully to sustainable , long-term economic growth .
A system that requires banks to accumulate more substantial buffers in good times so that they can let them run down in bad times makes sense both from a micro viewpoint and from a macro viewpoint .
Nor can we afford to become captives of those with the best-paid and most persuasive lobbyists .
The Dream of Space More than 50 years ago , visionaries like the British science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke and the German -LRB- and American -RRB- rocket engineer Wernher von Braun laid out a series of steps for the journey into space .
Advances in robotics will continue to occur , with automated spacecraft that can dig and swim , and telescopes that can look for earth-like planets around nearby stars .
Over time , if uncorrected , major depression can cause such conditions as progressive mineral loss from bones , accumulation of abdominal fat , increased blood platelet reactivity , and increased risk of cardiovascular disease .
Nevertheless , one of the most interesting features of these structural changes is that they can be prevented , and potentially reversed , with medication .
This encourages the belief that structural changes in the brain that are associated with major depression can be prevented or even reversed with the right medications and other treatments .
Psychosocial stress of this type not only alters cognitive function in lower-ranking animals , but it can also promote disease -LRB- for example , atherosclerosis -RRB- among those vying for the dominant position .
And , because the social environment has powerful effects through the brain on the rest of the body , public and private-sector policies can have a positive impact on health , providing a top-down benefit to brain and body function .
Back then , `` Japan bashing '' came to mean the threat of US trade sanctions unless Japan softened competitive pressure on American industries .
By 1995 , the Japanese economy had become so depressed by the overvalued yen -LRB- endaka fukyo -RRB- that the Americans relented and announced a new `` strong dollar '' policy .
But the US current-account deficit -- about 6 % of GDP in 2004 and 2005 -- mainly reflects a new round of deficit spending by the US federal government and surprisingly low personal savings by American households -LRB- perhaps because of the bubble in US residential real estate -RRB- .
Moreover , the cure can be worse than the disease .
Thus , the People 's Bank of China -LRB- PBC -RRB- can not rely on observed domestic money growth or interest rates to indicate whether monetary policy is too tight or too loose .
Thus , the market can establish the necessary interest differential only if interest rates on yuan assets fall below their dollar equivalents .
Others disagree , arguing that the mind can protect itself by banishing memories of trauma from awareness , making it difficult for victims to remember their most horrific experiences until it is safe to do so many years later .
Whether individuals can repress and recover memories of traumatic sexual abuse has been especially contentious .
As the European Union prepares to welcome up to twelve new members , debate is heating up among the leading candidate countries about whether or not speedy adoption of the euro will promote or impede rapid catch-up growth .
Two serious conclusions follow from all this : first , any change to the voting rules of the ECB 's Governing Council should minimize the potential for regional bias , which can only grow with expansion eastward .
The sometimes intolerable withdrawal symptoms that can make it difficult and hazardous to stop taking anti-depressants also expose many users to severe and depressing side effects : substantial weight gain , loss of libido , and mood changes , to name just the most common complaints .
If and when this crisis is ever properly investigated , it will not so much open a can of pharmacological worms , as expose questions about what medicine is and should be .
But this crisis revealed these reports ' fundamental inadequacies , such that users ' experiences with drugs can never credibly be ignored again .
You can see that on the streets and squares of Kiev .
Kiev now possesses a lively cafe life , and bright public places where people can relax and enjoy life .
Only radicals and populists -- of which we retain too many -- can afford a devil-may-care attitude toward making the state function more efficiently .
An overwhelming sense of inferiority , and our efforts to deny it , inspired the most scandalous aspects of Ukrainian political life .
The provincial can not admit his inferiority and refuses to learn from others .
As a great -LRB- and already American at that time -RRB- writer Vladimir Nabokov wrote in the 1970s : `` From all the decrees of nature the most remarkable one is , possibly , the survival of the weakest . ''
What can Russians be proud of in the 15 years of postcommunism ?
Victory Day this year will likely be the last `` round '' anniversary of 1945 that Russia can commemorate while many thousands of veterans are alive and able to participate .
In history , some events at first appear insignificant , or their significance is hidden , but they turn out to be earthshaking .
Only by understanding that first event , however , can we understand the others .
Americans work more hours per week and have less vacation time , but they have more money to spend .
Not only does a higher percentage of American adults work , but they also work more hours per week and more weeks per year .
In 2004 , the French worked 28 % fewer hours per person than Americans , and the Germans and Dutch each put in 25 % fewer hours , and the money they earned was correspondingly lower -- almost 30 % less income per person than Americans received .
According to the MIT economist Olivier Blanchard , Europeans simply enjoy leisure more than Americans do , even if it means that they have less money . In his view , this difference in attitude explains the income gap between Europe and the US .
The economists Ronald Schettkat and Richard Freeman have calculated that American women spend ten hours per week less on cooking , cleaning , and childcare than European women do .
Instead of performing these household jobs themselves , Americans pay other people to do them . Americans eat more often in restaurants , make ample use of laundry , dry-cleaning , and shopping services , and hire nannies to take care of young infants .
In New York City , one can get help during the weekends to prepare meals for the coming week , with a culinary expert to advise you on the recipes , buy the groceries , and do part of the cooking .
In other words , American women work more hours and use the money they make to hire people to do the tasks that they ca n't do because they 're working .
On balance , therefore , European and American women work about the same amount of hours .
After all , women professionals do not have to choose between a career and children , but can enjoy both .
By spending part of their extra income on household jobs and personal services , American women limit their workload while creating demand for service jobs that would n't exist otherwise .
In the US , the ratio is -- once again -- more favorable to women , with more than 20 % of professors at American universities being female .
Europe can not afford to waste valuable human capital at a time when China and India are on the rise and its own population is aging .
Not only can and must fathers assume a greater role in child rearing ; a large part of homemaking is perfectly suitable to be met by the market .
As long as women are perceived to be the weaker sex , men and women alike will project their own feelings of vulnerability onto the female candidate .
Such exclusionary group dynamics can be overcome only by attaining a critical mass of women in high-ranking positions .
Evidence for this can be found in Western Europe .
Except for Scandinavia , the number of women on Europe 's top company boards is stagnating .
One ca n't get a manicure in Amsterdam without booking an appointment two weeks in advance , but men can buy sex anytime -- and at an attractive price .
It is incomprehensible that their clients are not prosecuted for rape , but Dutch politicians argue that it can not be established whether or not a prostitute works voluntarily .
According to a study published in the American Journal of Epidemiology , the average age of death of prostitutes is 34 .
Asked during an interview in September 2007 whether European governments should liberalize their countries ' labor codes , former United States Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan responded that Europe 's labor-protection laws significantly inhibited economic performance and resulted in chronically high unemployment across the continent .
To understand what is happening , consider Evergreen Solar , the third-largest maker of solar panels in the US , which announced in January that it would close its main American factory , lay off its 800 workers there within two months , and shift production to China .
With fewer firm-specific skills than their German counterparts , American workers are more susceptible to layoffs .
The desirability of generous public pensions , on the other hand , can not be dissociated from their cost to taxpayers .
These protections have no place in a constitution , particularly one that can not be easily amended .
It is noteworthy that in the Scandinavian countries , which enjoy some of the most progressive social protections in Europe , these benefits are provided by statutory laws enacted by legislatures rather than by courts enacting constitutional `` rights . ''
Fortunately , this fault line in the British safeguards can be corrected without jeopardizing the document .
French companies live under the constant threat of a surprise visit from the labor inspector to determine compliance with a thick book of arcane measures .
To tackle insufficient supply from the dead , we first embraced an increasingly inclusive , and at any rate flexible , definition of death . This has often raised suspicions about the motivations of doctors in pronouncing a candidate donor 's death .
For even if we believe that buyers and sellers of organs can in principle enter the transaction on the basis of free choice , none of them has chosen to face the underlying dilemma in the first place .
It is strange but true that even American unilateralism under President George W. Bush has not provoked a genuine debate over Europe 's future role in the world .
Of the half-dozen candidates to become `` Europe 's President , '' only Tony Blair needs no introduction anywhere .
The result is that Europe 's achievements in recent years -- its expansion to create a single economic market of 500 million people and its creation of the euro as a currency that challenges the dollar -- are not accompanied by a significantly greater global standing .
Her style since arriving in Brussels as the EU 's foreign-policy chief has been distinctly unassuming , but that does not mean that she can not now show her mettle and seize the initiative .
But the EU can make a much more positive and important contribution to the Arab awakening by launching an economic strategy along the lines laid out by Italy 's foreign minister , Franco Frattini , and Britain 's deputy prime minister , Nick Clegg .
There , and in the volatile Caucasus , a significant improvement in Europe 's relations with Russia is crucial to defusing tensions .
The question , therefore , is whether Europe and Russia can establish a new framework for talking to one another .
The dilemma is neatly summed-up by the two clear candidates for the top job as `` Mr. Europe . ''
If Denmark 's prime minister , Anders Fogh Rasmussen were to succeed as a compromise candidate between Juncker and Blair , as is widely suggested , the presence of two center-right Scandinavians would present a problem .
In years past , only governments could torpedo candidates for Europe 's top jobs , but now the parliament also will be able to reject them .
This uncertainty is beginning to focus attention on the fundamental question of whether the EU can continue to choose its leaders in such a strange and furtive manner .
Others believe the EU can not continue being run along the same lines as in Beijing or even Pyongyang . It 's an issue that will confront any new team chosen by the old methods .
Unlike the United States , whose history as a `` melting pot '' has given Americans a truly multi-ethnic character , native Europeans are becoming an endangered species .
Europeans will also see the dismantling of their welfare states and social security systems ; the cherished `` European model '' of pensions , healthcare , and unemployment benefits risks being replaced by the despised and widely feared `` American model . ''
The political mindset in most EU countries remains firmly focused on unemployment as the chief ill to be cured , whereas the real threat is the worsening shortage of people to fill job vacancies .
Stubbornly high youth unemployment , along with Europe 's dwindling numbers of school-leavers , is already canceling out the positive effects of immigration .
Here in Brussels , where the largely North African immigrant population comprises a quarter of the city 's inhabitants , hotels and restaurants recently resorted to an emergency on-line recruitment service to counter their worsening staff shortages .
How Europeans , and to a lesser extent Americans , will maintain their high standards of living is anyone 's guess .
There was , it appeared , no other credible candidate to challenge him .
If he is to reassure EU national leaders that they should re-appoint him , then he needs to signal that his second term can hold out fresh promise .
As the global financial crisis transforms itself inexorably into economic crisis and now industrial crisis , the cry `` where 's Europe ? '' can be heard across the EU .
Unless the EU 's internal-market rules can be made more flexible , member governments will flout them .
The European elections are themselves curious and unsatisfactory ; there are no obvious EU-wide issues that people can vote for or against , and , with the average MEP 's constituency numbering well over half a million people , the vote is not a test of personal popularity , either .
Most journalists , like national electorates , have little understanding of the significant shift in Europe 's political decision-making over the last 20 years .
It ca n't raise taxes , declare war , or sack a government -LRB- even though in theory it can dismiss all the members of the European Commission en masse , the so-called `` nuclear option '' that is unlikely ever to be used -RRB- .
Rather than tinkering , perhaps the EU should boldly create an American-style bicameral system by turning the parliament into a House of Representatives and electing a Senate to replace the Council of Ministers , with two senators per member state .
The country can no longer play the role of transatlantic mediator between France and America .
It can forget about US support in its campaign to gain a permanent seat in the UN Security Council .
From an American perspective , flexible ad hoc coalitions of the willing have turned out to be more useful than the established NATO alliance , where Germany led the fight to refuse Turkey 's request for support .
But the heart of the matter is the deterioration of German-American relations .
German-American relations suffered a devastating blow when Schröder stoked the country 's overwhelmingly pacifist attitudes .
Not surprisingly , Poland -- like other Central and East European countries -- sought reassurance from the US and Britain when their colossal neighbors , Germany and Russia , embarked on their anti-American flirtation .
At long last , they say , German leaders can use the unrestricted sovereignty Germany acquired with reunification in 1990 .
Together , these three countries represent the complete diversity of foreign policy traditions that one can find in the future 25-member EU .
American and European leaders are talking about the need to promote reform in the `` Greater Middle East . ''
Americans see this as the key battleground in the war on terror , and Europeans want stable , responsive governments that stem the flow of illegal migration and organized crime .
No senior American or European leader should visit the region without raising human rights and defending individuals fighting for democracy .
In practical terms , the West must increase its direct support for local NGOs and campaigners -LRB- although in countries like Egypt it will first need to get the Government to change the law so that they can receive foreign funding -RRB- .
Second , the US and its European allies need to help create the external security environment and regional context in which democratic change can occur .
Working with moderate Arab states , we can create a new regional security regime for the Greater Middle East , modeled on the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe .
Meanwhile , NATO can provide the peacekeeping capabilities needed to help rebuild Afghanistan and Iraq .
It can also promote more democratic practices in peacetime by extending cooperation under a Middle East version of NATO 's Partnership-for-Peace program .
The point of such a post would be to give leadership to efforts to promote democratic change - and to create an effective interlocutor for his\/her American counterpart so that a joint transatlantic strategy will take shape .
As the debate over the `` Greater Middle East '' grows heated , there is a danger that Europeans and Americans will pursue competing strategies .
I have forgotten the details of their conversation , but I can still hear my grandmother 's sigh of relief when she said `` Thank God we lost that war ! ''
A violent conflict in the past may survive as a war of memories in the present , as can be observed in the current dispute between China and South Korea on one side , and Japan on the other .
Although it is true that thousands of the civilians killed in Dresden and other German cities were innocent at an individual level , there can be no doubt it was morally imperative that Germany be defeated collectively .
This leadership will be needed , because , regardless of who wins the US presidential election , the next American administration is bound to ask for greater EU participation in addressing international conflicts .
On the international scene , the American diplomatic cables recently released by WikiLeaks highlight American suspicions about Italy , which are not limited to the country 's ties -- too close , according to the US State Department -- to Vladimir Putin 's Russia , to Libya , and to Iran .
Walking with Giants PARIS -- In the aftermath of the G20 Pittsburgh Summit last year , European and American officials insisted that G20 membership was imposing `` new responsibilities . ''
Similarly , among World Trade Organization members , China has made the deepest commitment to liberalization of services , India has raised the issue of wider services liberalization , and Brazil has been decisive in cracking American and European agricultural protection .
The world 's rising powers are likely to be increasingly disinclined to accept constraints that they see as American or European tutelage .
Similar exceptions will probably be made for other countries that can not reconcile aspects of the new pact with their national circumstances .
Organized purely as an intergovernmental policy program , the pact can not work , because EU member states can not be trusted to monitor their own performance and enforce sanctions on their peers -- or on themselves .
It is hard to imagine how Europe 's policy differences can be overcome by the leaders ' self-imposed March deadline , when the next summit will take place .
The good news for those who desire stability and democracy in Iraq is that an amorphous , disorganized , and nihilistic insurgency can not `` win '' in the traditional sense of replacing the government and forming a new regime .
The bad news is that an amorphous , disorganized , and nihilistic insurgency can eventually evolve into a coherent , efficient , and purposeful one .
This would obviously pose a much more serious threat , but even an amorphous , disorganized , and nihilistic insurgency can survive and block stability , democratization , and prosperity for many years .
To return to the analogy , urban street gangs can not seize political power , but they can certainly keep their neighborhoods dangerous , backward , and grim .
The 2005 review , by contrast , will represent several years of thinking by the Bush administration , and thus will serve as a key indicator of the future course of American defense policy .
The grand strategy that serves as the foundation for American defense policy has not undergone major change since 2002 .
The goal is to keep most of the force stationed at home in the US , with a network of lightly-manned bases abroad that can serve as forward operating locations during a crisis or war .
Will formal alliances such as NATO remain the centerpiece of American strategy , or will they be superseded by mission-specific coalitions ?
The changes underway in American defense policy reflect planning assumptions .
The question is whether future American military missions will replicate those of the past five years .
One school believes that modern terrorism can not be eradicated , or that the costs of doing so are unacceptably high .
The second school of thought contends that terrorism can be eradicated by addressing its root causes .
But the ultimate solution , according to Bush , is the creation of fair and open political and economic systems that can eliminate anger and frustration through peaceful means .
The belief that terrorism can not be eradicated assumes that the ability to tolerate terrorist attacks -- to `` ride out the storm '' -- is greater than the willingness of terrorists to persist , or even escalate the attacks .
The Bush position also assumes that fundamental political and economic change is feasible and affordable -- that open political and economic systems can be sustained with only modest effort -- because the desire for freedom and prosperity is universal .
But history suggests that new , fragile democracies are more likely to attempt to placate radicals than to eliminate them , and that terrorists can exploit democratic governments ' respect for civil rights and the rule of law .
The horrible truth is that failure to eradicate the root causes of terrorism is almost certain to extend the Age of Terrorism , it is not clear that they really can be eradicated .
Unfortunately , the world is at a point where it can see the danger from terrorism but not the cure .
Until China decides that it has more to gain from a more legitimate government in Burma than it does from the current incompetent military regime , little can happen .
To encourage China to take the lead in fostering national reconciliation in Burma , the international community must convince China that pushing for reform and change can be a win-win proposition .
Such an international process simply can not happen without China .
Countries must commit not to withhold exports of key natural resources for political reasons , and to doing all they can to maintain and promote open markets based on principles of reciprocity and long-term sustainability .
As the two most significant global trading powers , the United States and China , especially , must fight tendencies in their own countries to raise hidden barriers or take inappropriate retaliatory action designed to placate domestic public opinion .
All economies must address the domestic dislocations that can accompany the freeing up of markets .
Although the proliferation of bilateral trade agreements around the world is a positive development , the global economy will suffer enormously if these deals end up coming at the expense of comprehensive agreements , which can do exponentially more to foster global growth .
The G-20 can also play a stronger role in enhancing the skills of regulators in a globally interconnected environment , and should develop a mutually agreed regulatory framework for evolving financial markets .
Educating and empowering poor and disadvantaged groups around the world , including women , is not only a moral imperative , it is also one of the best investments in long-term , sustainable growth that world leaders can possibly make .
With America less able to play the leading role in managing the world economy , in some ways responsibility has now shifted to the G-20 , with the US and China in the forefront , to set a course of collaboration and coordination , in word and in deed , that can guide global economic growth for the twenty-first century .
Or it could be remembered as another `` Sputnik moment , '' when , as with the Soviet foray into outer space in 1957 , the American people realized that the country had lost its footing and decided it was time for the United States to get its act together .
Russia 's message to other West-leaning countries in the former Soviet world was clear : America can not protect you .
Today , from Iran to Darfur to Zimbabwe to Georgia , the world is witnessing the effects of a budding post-American world , and the picture does not look pretty .
The world is not ready for the post-American era , and countries like China and India must play a far greater role in strengthening the existing institutions of world peace and , where appropriate , building new ones that can promote a positive agenda of security , dignity , rights , and prosperity across the globe .
The world community is not there yet , and until it is , the world needs a new kind of American leader -- a leader able to inspire Americans to fix their problems at home and work with partners across the globe in promoting a common agenda as bold and progressive as the order built from the ashes of World War II 60 years ago .
But America can make it so only by recognizing the great challenges it faces and taking bold steps towards addressing them , at home and with allies abroad .
After Pax Americana ?
After Pax Americana ?
Inspired by American leadership since World War II 's end , Europe , then Japan , then much of Asia and the world rose to new levels of prosperity ; the world economy globalized upon the foundation of international institutions , norms , and standards ; and foreign students educated in American universities returned home with new ideas about free markets , entrepreneurship , and democracy .
After eight years of compromised American leadership , a botched war of choice in Iraq , failure to take the lead in global efforts to address climate change , Abu Ghraib , Guantánamo Bay , running up a $ 10 trillion debt , and igniting a global financial crisis -- America 's once-glittering model has lost a good deal of its luster and America 's leadership has been questioned by many .
Despite talk about American decline , the world is not prepared for a post-American era .
Unless other countries become more willing to step forward for the common good , a post-American world could quickly become a far more frightening environment than what it would replace .
Even at the apex of American power , America 's greatness was always based on inspiring others , and the opportunities for building market share in that particular category remain unlimited .
It is impossible to overestimate how significant a step Barack Obama 's election is in this direction , but America 's actions over the coming years will be the ultimate determinant of whether the power of America 's model can be restored .
But , although America has been far from perfect over the last six decades , the end of the pax Americana has the potential to create a dangerous void in international affairs .
Until this happens , let us all hope that America can get back on track as the global champion of collaborative action to address the world 's greatest challenges and work with as many other countries as possible to move collectively in the right direction .
It is equally clear that Asian states are not yet ready to assume the more meaningful leadership in global affairs that will be necessary to ensure that this tectonic shift can make the world more stable and secure than it has been .
If Asian domestic consumption increases , for example , global economic growth will depend far less on over-consumption by debt-laden Americans .
Moreover , if China , India , and the ASEAN states take the lead in promoting a just resolution for the people of Burma\/Myanmar , or if China proves more willing to press North Korea on nuclear weapons , these states will demonstrate that a world with multiple leading stakeholders can be safer than a world led by a single superpower .
Until such changes occur , many challenges will fall through the cracks that exist between a strained Pax Americana and a rebalancing world . Issues such as Burma , North Korea , Darfur , Zimbabwe , climate change , and nuclear proliferation all appear to be falling , because they are being insufficiently addressed , into this crack .
Until this structure emerges , let us hope that America can lead wisely and that other countries , particularly Asia 's new powers , will assume more meaningful responsibilities in managing global crises .
The United States and its allies can not succeed in Afghanistan unless the Afghan government itself succeeds .
Despite the US Congress 's appropriate calls to establish benchmarks for American progress in Afghanistan , too few people are calling for the Afghan government to articulate its goals for improving governance and accountability , and how it plans to meet them .
Today , many parts of the Afghan state are rotting from within . Systemic corruption can be found at all levels .
Whatever the causes , official corruption is creating a situation in which many Afghans fear the rapaciousness of the government nearly as much as they dislike the Taliban , which can now credibly claim the ability to provide security and swift justice in the areas they control , albeit at a very high price .
Democracy and the rule of law could conceivably be an effective alternative to what the Taliban offer , but the government can not credibly claim to provide either , not to mention basic services , on a consistent basis .
Corruption can be addressed only if the Afghan government itself takes primary responsibility for addressing it .
Internally generated reform is the only reform that can work , and it can not occur if Afghan officials take international assistance for granted or see themselves as subordinate actors in their own reform process .
If China sees itself as the heir and beneficiary of the US-led post-war international system , it must do much more to prevent and roll back nuclear proliferation in Iran and North Korea , pay a much greater percentage of costs for the United Nations , and curtail its mercantilist policies .
Opposition candidate General Sarath Fonseka was harassed and soon arrested after the presidential elections .
No significant special efforts have been made to reach out to the Tamil-speaking minority in order to understand better and address those legitimate concerns that found illegitimate expression through the LTTE .
As was the case in South Africa , this approach can lay an essential foundation for a sustainable and effective reconciliation process .
If these grievances can not be addressed through legitimate means , they will find other far less healthy outlets over time .
Sri Lanka must do far more to ensure minority rights and protections not just because it is the right thing to do , but because it is the best possible investment the country can make in its future .
They devised an electoral system whereby Poles would not vote for candidates of their choice , but would cross out those they did not want -- which is to say , each and every communist .
In all of Warsaw , only a couple government candidates bothered to put up posters .
For Americans , especially , it was the totemic emblem of victory in the Cold War .
The `` what if '' game can be played out endlessly .
We often think of history as something inevitable , a culmination of great , grinding forces that can only lead to one destination .
As they marched toward Wenceslas Square , bearing candles , riot police cut them off , and many -- men , women , children -- were brutally beaten .
Twenty years later , we can only marvel at how brilliantly they performed .
To this day , I can hardly remember it without tears .
Nicolae Ceausescu lay on his back , in the overcoat and suit in which he had fled , his blue-grey eyes staring vacantly at the sky .
As has been made clear from the ethical debates on stem-cell research , a global policy can not easily be adopted or enforced , nor should it be .
This can not involve the creation of working groups that merely pay lip service to ethical debate , but must enable non-sports organizations to develop their own policy framework for the regulation of ` gene doping ' and , more broadly , the use of genetic information .
Yes , African has some failed states , but most of its 53 countries are mostly peaceful , agreeable places .
Last year , the annual Ibrahim Index of African governance , produced by my foundation , showed that governance had improved in two-thirds of African countries .
And if we look at politicians such as Joaquim Chissano , the former president of Mozambique , or Festus Mogae , the former president of Botswana , as well as men like Kofi Annan and Nelson Mandela , the high caliber of African leadership is obvious .
Governments must establish an enabling environment for the private sector to create jobs , and officials can not consider the public purse to be a private bank account .
The annual Ibrahim Index of African Governance tracks government performance across sub-Saharan Africa , providing a tool that allows citizens and civil-society groups to monitor their governments ' progress .
Alongside this focus on improving African governance , we must also put pressure on our leaders to encourage regional integration .
Many small , landlocked African countries will never become serious players in the global economy without increased cooperation within their own regions .
Today 's haphazard , overlapping regional integration is proving largely ineffective , and this severely hampers African countries ' ability to compete in international markets .
Economic integration must be backed up by increased intra-regional trade ; less than 4 % of Africa 's trade is between African countries , compared to over 70 % in Europe and over 50 % in Asia .
Africans themselves must tackle these issues , but our international partners have an important role to play .
But the argument should not be about whether to provide aid -- no one can question the many successes that aid has brought , or its importance in providing a safety net for those who would otherwise be left to suffer .
Although this is largely the case , no one can claim that Africans have a monopoly on governance failures .
Moreover , while the international community is quick to pounce on African leaders for governance failures , it seems less enthusiastic about examining its role in the flight of African assets .
Similarly , European and American banks keep the resources that are looted from Africa .
If African products are forced to compete in markets skewed toward European and American producers , Africans do not have a fair chance to develop .
In my own country , Sudan , and its western state of Darfur , African Union -LRB- AU -RRB- troops try to protect civilians .
Scientists can not feed toxic chemicals to people , for example , to see what doses cause cancer .
For 50 years , tobacco companies employed a stable of scientists to assert -LRB- sometimes under oath -RRB- that they did not believe there was conclusive evidence that smoking cigarettes causes lung cancer .
This can delay for years the expenditures required to protect people 's health and the environment .
Evidence of this surfaced when Frank Luntz , a leading Republican political consultant , sent a strategy memo to his clients in 2002 .
At this crucial moment , we call on Europe to open itself toward Ukraine , a great European country whose needs and aspirations can not be forgotten in the process of constructing the new Europe .
The example of Poland and that of the other countries of Central Europe shows that the clear prospect of EU membership may be one of the engines of effective reforms and may significantly enhance the ability of local leaders to persuade their people to accept the need for reforms that are sometimes painful .
In the years since it regained its independence , Ukraine has proved that it can play an important and constructive role in the region .
Today I can see Bronis?aw Geremek , who died in a car crash a few weeks ago , in jail in Bia?o??ka and hear his hoarse shouts from behind the bars of the prison on Rakowiecka Street .
He believed that everyone can change for the better , and that we must nurse the spirit of dialogue , tolerance , and the ability to forgive and to reconcile .
The Prague Spring was provoked by a crisis in the Communist Party , but the claim that it was merely a result of political squabbles among Party members falsifies history and rejects a significant fragment of the national heritage .
If a bank can not be recapitalized , it should be resolved and liquidated .
Thus , even if the absolute income gap between an average American and an average African increases , why worry ?
After all , such people argue , the average African would be a bit less poor .
In the past , a poor African might have looked at his compatriots and resented their wealth ; now , both he and his better-off compatriots look at the rich world and resent the huge income gaps they see .
Now , all can see these income differences .
But they can not fail to notice that the processes they support undercut their own position by rendering the wealth gap more obvious and the fairness of the actual global distribution more questionable .
Similarly , dozens of South Americans and Africans play in Russian , Turkish , Polish , and various Southeast European leagues .
Poorer or smaller countries can hardly dream of winning a European championship , as Steaua -LRB- Romania -RRB- , Red Star -LRB- Serbia -RRB- , or Nottingham Forest -LRB- now languishing in the English third division -RRB- once did .
Eto'o can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon .
Globalization 's Assassin The world 's first wave of economic globalization , led by the British Empire in the nineteenth century , came to an end literally with a bang on a Sunday afternoon in 1914 , when Gavrilo Princip killed -LRB- with two uncannily well-aimed bullets -RRB- Austria 's Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his wife .
Various candidates have been proposed for the role of globalization 's assassin .
As soon as people can not move , there will be little to stop governments from limiting the free movement of goods or other factors of production .
After all , if over-populated countries with high unemployment can not export people , why not reach for higher tariff barriers to protect the jobs they have ?
The war on terror has shown us the dangers that can arise from the social frustrations that often result .
The United States plans to construct a veritable `` Mexican Wall '' to keep poor people from crossing into Texas or California .
Likewise , hundreds , if not thousands , of Africans die every year trying to reach the shores of Fortress Europe .
People nowadays know much more about conditions in different countries than they did in the past , and if moving across a border means that their income can be multiplied several-fold , they will try to do it .
So income gaps between all these contiguous countries have increased significantly during the last quarter-century .
Nearly three years later , there is only stalemate -- to match the wider stalemate in the search for a Palestinian state that can live alongside Israel .
Indeed , the UN 's wanton sacrifice of science and technology to its own bureaucratic self-interest creates significant obstacles to innovation that can help the poorest of the poor .
During the past decade , delegates to the UN-sponsored Convention on Biological Diversity negotiated a `` bio-safety protocol '' to regulate the international movement of GM organisms . It was based on the bogus `` precautionary principle '' which dictates that every new technology -- including , in the case of GM , an improvement over less precise technologies -- must be proven utterly safe before it can be used .
An ounce of prevention is certainly desirable , but because nothing can be proved totally safe -- at least , not to the standard demanded by many regulators -- the precautionary principle has become a self-defeating impediment to the development of new products .
Examples include a five-year-long moratorium on approvals of GM plants throughout Europe , and the rejection of badly needed food aid by several African countries -- only because it contains the same GM varieties of grain consumed routinely in North America .
The Europeans want to stop GM products because the technology was developed in US labs and commercialized by US companies financed by American capital .
`` If there is a Codex standard , '' she points out , `` one country can not file a challenge -LRB- for unfair trade practices -RRB- against another country which is following the Codex standard .
But when there is no Codex standard , countries can challenge each other on anything . ''
But the unscientific standards and regulations that she defends in the name of the global public actually harm the environment and public health , stifling the development of environmentally friendly innovations that can increase agricultural productivity , help clean up toxic wastes , conserve water , and supplant agricultural chemicals .
PALO ALTO -- On top of the devastation caused in Haiti by the January earthquake , Hurricane Tomas this month , and the subsequent dislocations , exposure , and malnutrition , the country is now experiencing an accelerating cholera outbreak .
Other approaches to treatments and preventative measures -- including changes in public-health policy , improvement of water treatment , and development of vaccines -- have not yielded significant , cost-effective results .
Indeed , by the end of this decade , about 150 million people worldwide will have cancer , with approximately 60 % of them residing in developing countries .
Although fewer people in developing countries live to the age at which cancer is most prevalent , inadequate nutrition and environmental exposures to viruses and toxins , combined with a paucity of diagnostic and treatment options , increase cancer 's incidence and lethality .
Many people in poor countries die from cancers that are preventable or treatable in wealthier societies , but they often succumb to other scourges as well , such as infectious diseases .
Margaret Chan , the head of the World Health Organization , and Yukiya Amano , director of the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- , noted in a recent article that most developing countries ' health-care systems are designed to cope with infectious diseases rather than cancer .
I find this to be a rational strategy , given the heavy toll that infections take , and that many can be prevented and treated at a relatively modest cost .
The diagnosis and treatment of most types of cancer in developing countries would require a huge and daunting investment in infrastructure .
'' -LRB- M -RRB- ost lack the funds , equipment , and qualified personnel needed to provide basic care for cancer patients .
And these countries certainly do not have the financial resources , facilities , equipment , technology , infrastructure , staff , or training to cope with the long-term demands of cancer care . ''
Many cancers are likely caused by chronic viral infections , another reason that it is surely more sensible to attack infectious diseases by improving access to clean water , basic sanitation , antibiotics , and vaccines than it is to build radiotherapy facilities .
Although the use of big-ticket equipment , expensive chemotherapy drugs , and sophisticated and complex procedures such as bone marrow transplantation would not be wise , this is not to say that we should give up entirely on cancer treatment in developing countries .
And public-health efforts to curb air pollution and smoking could reduce the prevalence of lung cancer in Asia and Africa .
Another example is cervical cancers , many of which can be prevented by vaccines against human papilloma virus .
And acetic acid can be used to visualize cervical cancers , which can then be treated with cryotherapy -LRB- freezing -RRB- .
However , the study can not conclude that long work hours cause cardiac disease .
These include growth-hormone deficiency of unknown cause or as a result of impairment of the pituitary gland 's ability to produce the hormone , owing to traumatic injury or irradiation to treat cancer .
It is also administered to children who fail to grow because of chronic renal insufficiency or significant genetic abnormalities , including Turner syndrome , Noonan syndrome , and Prader-Willi syndrome .
Another finding in the SAGhE study arouses skepticism about a cause-and-effect relationship between the drug and the increased death rate : the mortality came from causes that are mechanistically and physiologically quite different -- mainly bone cancers , cardiovascular diseases , and cerebrovascular events .
The European Medicines Agency was more measured , saying in a statement , `` Based on this observational study alone , the risk can not be associated with certainty to the growth hormone treatment .
Genetic engineering can be dated from man 's recognition that animals and crop plants can be selected and bred to enhance desired characteristics .
After conventional plant breeding led to the development of rapeseed varieties with low concentrations of erucic acid , canola oil became the most commonly consumed oil in Canada .
An authoritative 1989 analysis of genetic technologies by the US National Research Council summarized the scientific consensus : `` With classical techniques of gene transfer , a variable number of genes can be transferred , the number depending on the mechanism of transfer ; but predicting the precise number or the traits that have been transferred is difficult , and we can not always predict the -LRB- traits -RRB- that will result .
To be sure , good surveillance is needed in order to obtain early warning that a strain of H5N1 flu transmissible between humans has been detected , so that nations around the world can rapidly initiate a variety of public health measures , including a program to produce large amounts of vaccine against that strain .
Intensive animal husbandry procedures that place billions of poultry and swine in close proximity to humans , combined with unsanitary conditions , poverty , and grossly inadequate public health infrastructure of all kinds , make it unlikely that a pandemic can be prevented or contained at the source .
However , a strategy can be `` cost-effective '' only if it is feasible .
If the pandemic were to begin relatively soon -- say , within a year or two -- there would be little that could be done to attenuate significantly the first wave of infections .
When fed to highly cancer-susceptible mice , the tomatoes significantly extended the mice 's lifespan .
In developing countries , 200-300 million children of preschool age are at risk of vitamin A deficiency , which can be devastating and even fatal .
But for someone as smart as Gates , who can afford to hire experts on any subject under the sun , some of his foundation 's strategies are baffling .
How can we drain the public-policy swamp ?
The goal of `` synthetic biology , '' as the field is known , is to move microbiology and cell biology closer to the approach of engineering , so that standardized parts can be mixed , matched , and assembled -- just as off-the-shelf chassis , engines , transmissions , and so on can be combined to build a hot-rod .
Along with the Venter paper , Nature published eight commentaries on the significance of the work . The `` real '' scientists were aware of the incremental nature of the work , and questioned whether the Venter group had created a genuine `` synthetic cell , '' while the social scientists tended to exaggerate the implications of the work .
Nobody can be sure about the consequences of making new forms of life , and we must expect the unexpected and the unintended .
But its potential can be fulfilled only if regulatory oversight is based on science , sound risk analysis , and an appreciation of the mistakes of history .
The authorities have taken initial steps to tighten fiscal policy by announcing significant cuts in the approved budget , but it is estimated that even then , central-government spending will rise by about 4 % in real terms in 2011 from its historically high level in 2010 .
Finally , Brazil 's policymakers should aim to remove , or at least significantly reduce , existing tax obstacles to efficiency and competitiveness .
It should also gradually reduce the plethora of payroll levies that currently add about 50 % on average to labor costs , hindering competitiveness and creating a significant incentive to informal employment .
In short , despite rosy appearances , Brazil clearly faces a complex and , in some respects , daunting agenda , which newly elected President Dilma Roussef can not be expected to accomplish within her current mandate .
After three months or more of treatment , the numbers rose even more significantly in favor of those treated by acupuncture .
I visited Ghana recently and like many others left asking : how can a `` developing '' country be developed ?
My hosts , the Kweku Hutchful Foundation , invited me with a different question in mind : How can Ghanaian leaders be developed ?
Imagine how American managers would react to consultants arriving from Ghana with their `` best practice '' : `` It worked in Accra , so it is bound to work in New York ! ''
But , as one of Annan 's advisors once put it , he `` runs the UN like an old-fashioned African village , with long discussions among the elders , periods of reflection , and eventually a decision . ''
Of course , Annan can hardly control the UN by imposing great strategies on everyone else , as American corporate CEOs do .
Unlike most American CEOs , Annan was not parachuted in from outside ; he is the first career employee to lead the UN .
This self-respect is fostered by organizations and institutions that can likewise stand on their own feet , building on the best of their own cultural traditions .
Micro-financing -- small loans to self-employed craftspeople and the like -- can help .
To be sure , foreign corporations can do good things : bring in fresh ideas , techniques , and processes , as well as capital and the scale required in some contemporary forms of manufacturing .
Pride , dignity , and self-confidence do not figure in economic theory : they can not be measured .
It developed through the indigenous efforts of Americans acting in their own way -- assisted by extensive state intervention , through land grants to farmers , railroads , and mining companies , military spending that stimulated the economy -LRB- and still does -RRB- , and , of course , tariff barriers .
America 's Scorched Earth Management Signs of the American economy 's perilous condition are everywhere -- from yawning fiscal and current-account deficits to plummeting home prices and a feeble dollar .
But something that shows up in none of the economic indicators may be driving many of them : the deterioration of American management , which is undermining not only many of America 's great enterprises , but also its legendary spirit of enterprise .
So a company that fires all its workers and then ships from stock can look very productive -- until it runs outs of stock .
Of course , no company can do that , but many US companies have been shedding workers and middle managers in great numbers -- the figures for January 2008 were up 19 % from a year earlier .
So , as workers and middle managers have been departing these companies , they have taken with them not only much critical information , but often also the hearts and souls of their enterprises , with profound effects on American competitiveness .
According to a November 2006 report by The Task Force on the Future of American Innovation , made up of prominent universities , think tanks , industry trade associations , and corporations , the high-tech trade deficit widened in 2005 , for the third consecutive year .
Of the 25 companies granted the most US patents in 2006 , only eight were American ; 12 were Japanese .
No one can determine how much of America 's productivity gains in recent years have resulted from squeezing human capital , because such things are not measured .
And , in fact , much of the US productivity increase in the 1980 's and 1990 's can likely be attributed to large-scale investment in information and communications technology .
This shift to `` heroic '' leadership can be seen in ballooning CEO compensation .
Until recently , the US asset-price bubble - -- first in the stock market , then in real estate -- masked the underlying depreciation of American enterprises .
The dramatic weakening of the US dollar may help America to narrow its massive trade deficit , but we should not expect any sustained improvement without drastic changes in American management .
While American economists , politicians , and business leaders have for years sought to sell their model of management abroad , many companies elsewhere have not been buying it .
To the extent that China 's authoritarian regime is by nature exclusionary -LRB- it can only incorporate a limited number of elites -RRB- , the co-optation strategy will soon run up against its limits , and the Party will no longer have the resources to buy off the intelligentsia or keep private entrepreneurs happy .
At the same time , selective repression can contain social frustrations and discontent only temporarily .
Incidentally , I think it would be far more revealing to draw up a list of those states that have destroyed or damaged the relationship of trust with their citizens to such an extent that they can only secure their tax revenues by criminalizing tax evasion and trampling on privacy .
Moreover , reliance on the Nehru\/Gandhi name prevents the party from addressing its malaise because many party leaders still think that they can rely on the old magic to win .
Only such decisive actions can break India 's cycle of divide and misrule .
After its landmark expansion eastwards , the European Union will be understandably preoccupied with absorbing its new members and with negotiating with the applicants already in line to join : Romania , Bulgaria , Croatia , and possibly Turkey .
The nearly perennial flooding of the Tisa River in Hungary -LRB- a new EU member state -RRB- can not be controlled if the water management practices in upstream countries Ukraine -LRB- a new neighbor -RRB- and Romania -LRB- a next-wave accession country -RRB- are not addressed .
The EU can not reduce carbon emissions within its borders if it does not cooperate with Ukraine and Russia : carbon dioxide emissions per capita in these two countries rival that of many West European states , even though their per capita income is 15 to 30 times lower .
Inflows of skilled labor from the east and south can offset Europe 's growing demographic imbalances .
Intelligence and military analysts debate how much of the violence is due to the presence of foreigners , though it is widely conceded that most of the attacks can be attributed to what American officials call `` former regime elements , '' with the Iraqi Sunni community the main pillar of the resistance .
The most radical differences in opinion can be found in communal perceptions of control of the future -- the possibility of building a better life in post-Saddam Iraq -- and security .
The American-led coalition can help by taking more steps that would reinforce a message of hope and optimism for the exhausted and demoralized Sunnis of Iraq .
While neither American nor Iraqi security officials have yet found a way to tame the militias , the Iraqi public is increasingly drawn toward a vision of a democratic , non-sectarian government for the country .
Particularly significant were increases from 24 % to 63 % during this period among Sunnis and from 41 % to 65 % among Kurds .
By 2006 , distrust of Americans , British , and French had reached 90 % , and attitudes toward Iraq 's neighbors were also tense .
Among Sunnis , the decline in support for an Islamic state is most dramatic , and may have significant ramifications for the ability of religious extremists to recruit among them .
The key question , of course , remains whether these values can be translated into a peaceful reality .
The problem with the Supreme Leader 's calculation , however , is that Ahmadinejad is a loose cannon .
These concerns were reflected in the fact that the Society of Combatant Clergy , a conservative body , was unable to endorse Ahmadinejad 's candidacy .
Should Mousavi persuade Khamenei to reconsider his position , the Supreme Leader 's hold on power will be shaken . If Khamenei holds fast , Mousavi can not gain the presidency , but he will continue to represent the hopes of the majority of Iranians who differ dramatically with their government .
What can be done to break this pattern ?
This change in relative costs can release a country from the trap of poverty , setting the stage for a demographic transition and economic advancement .
But in the 1950s and 1960s , before the introduction of generous child allowances to large families , fertility rates among the same group were significantly lower -- just three children per woman .
Public schooling , too , can release people from the poverty trap , because highly educated people have a comparative advantage in raising quality children .
Just a week earlier , a young mother by the name of Kartika was sentenced by Malaysia 's Sharia court to six lashes by cane and fined $ 1500 after she was caught drinking beer at a hotel .
Although the sentence is still in limbo , Hussein publicized his acceptance of the punishment by inviting the official floggers to his office to demonstrate how an Islamic caning would be carried out .
They used a chair as a mock target , leaving him satisfied that Islamic caning can be appropriately used as a punishment for women .
The caning of Kartika , on the other hand , is not an example of political manipulation , and for this reason is perhaps even more worrisome .
Her sentence was roundly supported by modernist Muslim intellectuals , who insisted that the punishment was justly applied and can not be questioned because it has divine sanction .
As a result , the UMNO finds itself squeezed between an Islamic lobby that presses for greater `` Talibanization '' of the country and the rising voices of international critics , who can not be ignored , because the party needs both radical supporters and foreign investors to stay in power .
Twenty years later , there has been significant progress in enrolling children in school and expanding access to secondary school and universities .
But two candidates have emerged as clear and constant favorites in opinion polls : Nicolas Sarkozy on the right and Ségolène Royal on the left .
Positioning himself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with today 's unpopular politics is the only means to escape that fate .
This is reflected in Sarkozy 's openly pro-American stance -- an act of political courage in a France where anti-Americanism is running high .
Thus , his deep admiration for `` American values , '' while sincere , implies no embrace of President George W. Bush .
In foreign policy , one can only guess what her priorities would be .
According to public opinion polls , Royal is the clear favorite of the left and the only candidate able to defeat Sarkozy .
For the Socialist Party , which is eager to return to power but has not yet recovered from the humiliating defeat of Lionel Jospin in the first round of the presidential election in 2002 , the question is whether it can afford to resist the wave of favorable public opinion behind Royal .
But the same criticism can be directed at Sarkozy .
Moreover , both candidates embody continuity -- with Chirac 's Gaullist side for Sarkozy and with François Mitterrand for Royal -- as much as rupture .
To a large extent , Sarkozy can be seen as Chirac with more , whereas Royal is clearly Mitterrand with less .
Energy wealth gives them a sense of unique opportunity , the conviction that time is playing in their favor , and that they can now redress the humiliations they have suffered from the outside world .
Are Russians so different from us in the western democratic world , or is democracy a luxury that only old , stable , prosperous , and satisfied societies can afford ?
The multiplication of assassinations of political opponents and economic rivals , the mafia practice of contract murders , can not be seen as signs of a regained stability . Nor can the Putin regime 's manipulation of popular xenophobia against citizens of the former Soviet empire , such as Georgians .
Eventually , they will have to recognize that modern nations can not live by power alone .
They intuitively sense that they can no longer rely only on the absolute security guarantee represented by the United States ' combination of active and passive support .
One could also mention the recent Sino-African summit in Beijing , or the intensification of Venezuelan-Iranian relations .
All these developments subtly indicate a deep trend that can be formalized in one sentence : America 's unipolar moment , which began in 1991 with the collapse of the Soviet Empire , is over .
The Republicans ' defeat in this month 's mid-term Congressional elections is a sign that Americans want to sanction their leaders for their strategic and ethical shortcomings , and they did so with gusto .
Second , the EU is the only natural American ally in terms of values .
It is the EU that can make multi-polarity work if it plays its role positively .
Europe has a unique chance to demonstrate that it can make a difference in America 's post-unipolar moment . It starts right now in the Middle-East .
The world that Europe has called for is coming closer , and it can fail abysmally without the EU or improve at the margin thanks to it .
Given the evolution of American strategic thinking after Iraq -LRB- and now Afghanistan -RRB- , and of Israel 's strategic thinking after Lebanon , a preventive strike is highly unlikely .
The second analogy , to the old balance-of-power system in Europe , is especially popular among Israeli and American diplomats .
That diplomatic project is far from absurd . The rise of Hamas in Palestine and Hezbollah in Lebanon as instruments of Iranian ambitions can only worry moderate Arab regimes .
But can today 's Iran be compared to the Soviet Union ?
The dilemma concerning Iran is whether a power imbued with an `` absolute '' ideology can be allowed to be in control of an `` absolute '' weapon .
The combination of respect and interest they see in the way the world now views China can only reinforce their sense of confidence .
The resounding success of the Africa-China summit , which was attended by more African leaders than purely African gatherings ; the diplomatic rapprochement between India and Japan ; and the democratic alliance in the making between India , Japan , and Australia can only be interpreted as signs of China 's newly regained position .
The new consensus can be described as follows : Ségolène Royal can not defeat Nicolas Sarkozy , but Sarkozy can defeat himself .
Why has the Socialist candidate , the first woman who had a serious chance to be elected President of France , fallen from grace so quickly ?
Indeed , on issues such as law and order , respect for authority , and nationalism , one finds her positions far from what one would expect of a Socialist candidate .
Whereas Sarkozy has managed to impose himself on the right without the support of Jacques Chirac , the Socialist heavyweights can not fully convince themselves to come out behind Royal .
Voters like to be consulted , and citizens love to express themselves , but at the end of the day , they want a leader , someone they can trust .
Two months before the vote , the presidential campaign has demonstrated that the modernization , if not `` Americanization , '' of French politics -LRB- for example , heavy use of the Internet -RRB- has taken hold .
Chirac is not about to present himself as a candidate to divide the conservative camp , and the new leniency surrounding his record may actually benefit Sarkozy , his impatient and rebellious heir .
`` Bonaparte '' may be about to triumph easily over `` Joan of Arc , '' as some foreign commentators like to describe the two leading candidates , but Sarkozy 's supposedly `` Bonapartist '' qualities have fueled a potent sense of apprehension .
In fact , the persistence of strong reservations about both Royal and Sarkozy helps explain the surge in popularity for a third candidate , Francois Bayrou , a traditional centrist , pro-European politician .
Bayrou has never had it so good , but , barring the unlikely collapse of one of the two leading candidates ' campaigns , he will fail to qualify for the second-round runoff .
First and foremost , he has found in Ségolène Royal and Nicolas Sarkozy two remarkable spokespersons for his candidacy .
The very reason that led a majority of the French to say `` no '' to the referendum on the European Union 's draft Constitutional Treaty in May 2005 may lead them to vote for Bayrou , the most pro-European of all candidates .
Bayrou has been in politics for a long time , including as a presidential candidate in 2002 .
This would not be enough for Bayrou in ordinary times , but today , on both sides of the political divide , opponents of the main candidates seem ready to join forces with him and betray their respective camps .
What makes Bayrou potentially so strong is the fact that widespread reservations about the two leading candidates are influencing the calculus of militants and politicians alike .
So it is too early to say whether Bayrou can reach the second round .
Yet that would be the outcome if the attraction towards the center proves to be as irresistible for significant segments of the Socialists and conservative parties as it now seems .
That will depend in part on whether the perception of Sarkozy as a risky candidate will prove greater than the very real institutional risk represented by Bayrou .
But the world 's interest in the French presidential campaign is greater than ever , and can be compared only with the attention generated by Mitterrand 's election in 1981 .
In a classical Left-Right contest she can only lose .
Segolène . Royal has done well , but probably not well enough , unless in a face to face debate with Nicolas Sarkozy she can rally a majority of viewers to the radical modernity of electing a woman to the highest French position .
His votes are needed by both remaining candidates and it is likely they will tend to split equally between Left and Right , for he can not commit himself to clearly support one candidate over the other .
The key strategic move for the two remaining candidates will be to attract the votes of the Center without losing their core Leftist or Rightist constituencies .
One can nearly detect a kind of `` North-South divide , '' with south Europe -LRB- pre dominantly Spain and Italy standing behind Segolène Royal , and northern Europe , predominantly Germany and Britain -LRB- the US as well -RRB- aligning themselves behind Nicolas Sarkozy .
Watching the celebration of patriotism behind the raising of the French flag and the singing of the national anthem during the first round of the campaign , one can easily believe that the British vision of a Europe of independent nation states has won already , if only by default .
At this particular juncture in time and given the condition of their economy can the French reject the candidate that incarnates by far the best hope for change and `` Renaissance . ''
China and Russia in the New World Disorder Can Kosovo achieve independence without the tacit consent of Russia , and can there be a humanitarian and political solution to the tragedy in Darfur without the active goodwill of China ?
Less than 20 years ago , the Czech Republic and Poland were part of their sphere of influence , so Russians understandably can not accept the US unilaterally implanting its security system there .
But the differences between Russia and China today may prove to be less significant tomorrow if the deterioration in the Middle East imposes a sense of collective responsibility on all five permanent members of the UN Security Council .
It comes from within , but can be reinforced or weakened by the way others perceive you .
At the same time , lack of confidence on the part of a country , a culture , or a civilization can be just as dangerous .
The deep conviction that reform can only lead to revolution and chaos results in a stultification of reality that can lead to immobility and despair -- and thus become a dangerous and self-fulfilling prophecy .
And if overconfidence is so dangerous , can restraint and modesty be taught to those who do not have it ?
Confidence can come from three things : hope , pride , and progress .
Only the self-correcting mechanisms of truly democratic regimes can ensure the right balance .
To describe the struggle against international terrorism as `` World War IV , '' as the leading American neo-conservative Norman Podhoretz does in his new book , is wrongheaded in any number of ways .
As always , words are important , because they can easily be turned into weapons that boomerang on those who use them inappropriately .
That plot , which included a young German convert to Islam , showed once again that terrorists can threaten us from both without and within .
The nihilistic and destructive instincts that some young Germans of the Baader\/Meinhof generation acquired from extreme leftist ideology in the 1970 's , it seems , can be transformed into a `` romanticization '' of al-Qaeda .
The paranoid reaction of neoconservatives in America to the terrorist threat can only accelerate that process , if not render it inevitable , by endangering our democratic values and thereby weakening the `` soft power '' of the United States , while giving fuel to the terrorist cause .
With a nod to Wall Street , we can say that the Alliance is up , Europe is flat , and the United States is clearly down .
For Sarkozy , the French are not anti-Americans , but simply anti-Bush .
Emotionally , too , `` Sarkozy the American , Sarkozy the doer , '' who wants to be judged by his actions , tends to see himself as a Gallic incarnation of the American dream .
As one top American diplomat put it , `` The last worry I have when I wake up at three in the morning is that Europe is becoming too strong . ''
Second , one can not speak of NATO without noting that the Alliance 's twin pillars -- Europe and the US -- are not in great shape .
One can not simultaneously defend the Alliance in the name of Europe and weaken Europe with fits of populism and economic nationalism .
Today , Americans and Europeans alike must demonstrate modesty .
To speak of Sarkozy as a substitute for Tony Blair in Europe would be premature -- and unhelpful , given Blair 's inability to exert significant influence on US policy .
So , because Sarkozy wants to be seen as a convinced European , he must normalize France 's relations with a new Alliance based on two pillars -- European and American .
Moreover , financial and human resources for military affairs are scarce and can not be duplicated , while France and Britain want to restart the Saint-Malo process of bilateral defense efforts launched nearly ten years ago .
In American eyes , the Kosovo war in 1999 demonstrated NATO 's glaring and myriad shortcomings , while the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , moved America still further away from the Alliance , particularly after President George W. Bush disparagingly rejected NATO 's offer of help .
Those divisions are now history , and American reservations about a European security pillar can not trump America 's pressing needs for allied support .
Confronted with disaster in Iraq , the risk of Afghanistan following Iraq into chaos , and the escalating crisis with Iran , the US can no longer treat the NATO allies with disdain .
Barack Obama 's American Revolution
Barack Obama 's American Revolution For eight years , George W. Bush has managed to incarnate and reinforce all the prejudices and negative stereotypes the world has of the US .
He has antagonized the world more than any other American president before him , seriously damaging America 's `` soft '' power by inefficient and excessive use of its `` hard '' power .
Likewise , the current period in America and its relations with the world have been truly exceptional , requiring a leader who can fundamentally challenge a global majority 's view that America has become arrogant , impotent , and selfish .
Of course , diehard anti-Americans will never be persuaded , but they remain a minority , with the possible exception of the Muslim world .
Why is Obama so different from the other presidential candidates , and why could he make such a large difference internationally ?
If Obama can make a difference , it is not because of his policy choices , but because of what he is .
The very moment he appears on the world 's television screens , victorious and smiling , America 's image and soft power would experience something like a Copernican revolution .
In fact , African-Americans do not fully support him . With his white mother and his African father , he does not fit any African-American precedent .
But that is another reason why Obama is exceptional : the complexity of his identity makes him truly universal , a global candidate for a global age .
By virtue of his unique personal history , he can bridge Africa , America , and even Asia -- where he studied as a young boy in a Muslim school -- thereby reviving the universal image and message of America .
If America can move from a culture of fear to one of hope -- and again incarnate hope for the world -- it will require a leader who embodies the American dream : modern and armed with a humanistic religious message , in contrast to the anxious irrationalism of the Christian conservative movement that fueled Bush 's political base .
Regardless of whether Obama can deliver on his promises , America will not regain the stature it had between 1941 and 2000 .
With or without Obama , the `` American century '' will not be repeated .
But Obama can learn from the early mistakes made by Jimmy Carter in the mid-1970 's .
For a European who has been deeply troubled and saddened by America 's evolution in the last decade , Obama , of all the declared presidential candidates , seems to come closest to incarnating such an America .
But the superb sunshine in Davos these days can not avoid the shadows of the financial crisis that have enveloped the world , casting an atmosphere of gloom and doom on this year 's meeting .
From formal debates and informal schmoozing with fellow members of the Davos crowd , one gets a sense of who the American establishment favors to win the next presidential election -LRB- Hillary Clinton -RRB- , predictions for the upcoming referendum in Ireland on the European `` simplified '' treaty -LRB- it will be very close -RRB- , and French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's international image -LRB- not good -RRB- .
After the war in Iraq and the Bush administration 's slow reaction to Hurricane Katrina , America 's subprime mortgage crisis is perceived by many as simply accelerating the irresistible rise of Asia and the shift from a unipolar to a multipolar world , even if the wider financial crisis will equally affect Asia 's growth .
Today , when America catches pneumonia , can Asia only sneeze ?
In the latest issue of Foreign Affairs , Forum 's founder and president , Klaus Schwab , asks `` How can business help save the world ? ''
How can you pretend to be acting to change the world if you no longer understand it ?
You can not proclaim your impotence in the face of empty state coffers after pushing through useless and costly tax breaks for the richest .
And you can not adopt a Churchill-like call to sacrifice when you indulge in a series of highly publicized luxury weekends with your latest fiancée .
Perhaps too much uncontrolled rupture in style can ultimately lead to paralysis in substance .
To claim that politics and sports can be any more separated in today 's media age than they were in the past is especially naïve .
The Chinese today sound almost as stunned by the supposed mistreatment of the Olympic torch in London , Paris , and San Francisco as Americans were back in 2001 : `` Why do they hate us so much ? '' `` What have we done to them ? ''
But selective responses to the actions of dictatorships can be problematic and counterproductive .
NATO 's aim can not simply be , to use Lord Ismay 's famous formula , `` to keep America in , Russia out and Germany down . ''
One thing is certain ; a `` shrinking West , '' as long as it retains some influence , must create the best institutions it can during the time it still has .
After the Irish `` No , '' can the Union find salvation in NATO 's idea of a `` coalition of the willing '' ?
Sarkozy Agonistes `` Why do they hate us ? '' asked the Americans of the Islamic fundamentalists after 9\/11 . `` Why do they not like me ? '' could be the question asked by Nicolas Sarkozy to the French after more than one year in power .
And yet he is the least popular of the Fifth Republic 's presidents , the one whose `` fall from grace '' with the French has been the most spectacular , rapid , and durable , to the point where political experts , and his friends and foes alike , wonder whether he can rebound .
For a president bent on implementing reforms , `` less can be more '' -- less aggressiveness and less ego .
But can a man act against his deepest nature ?
The EU is truly `` convincing '' only when it can use the seductive power of a membership card . But Russia is not interested in joining , at least not on Europe 's terms .
Russians are well aware that Americans want their help in the Middle East ; on other issues , they listen to Europe and America with a stance oscillating between indifference and brutality .
On the other hand , can it afford to grant Russia the de facto right to control , directly or indirectly , countries like Georgia today and Ukraine tomorrow ?
A `` Third Way '' for Confronting Russia PARIS -- `` Let 's engage Russia if we can , but contain it if we must . ''
`` Do not fool yourself . Nationalism and imperialism will lead you nowhere ; you can not expand geographically without serious costs to your economic growth and your personal enrichment .
But the containment argument fails , because the Kremlin can still make mischief around the world by acting with Syria or Venezuela in an irresponsible manner .
After all , this is Europe more than six decades after World War II , and nearly 20 years after the collapse of the Soviet Union . The use of force to settle scores and impose one nation 's will upon another can not be accepted passively .
Blue Europe , Red Asia PARIS -- Could Europe be a Democratic `` blue state '' and Asia a Republican `` red state '' ?
American presidential elections provide a near perfect test to understand the difference between European and Asian worldviews , even if the two continents are far from united internally .
A very conservative regime naturally tends to prefer a Republican candidate over a Democrat .
How can you define yourself to the West , when the West has so spectacularly and visibly changed its appearance , if not its essence ?
In a more classical sense , the depth of anti-Bush sentiment in Europe explains the depth of pro-Obama feeling and Europeans ' relative distancing from McCain 's candidacy .
The perception that Obama can transform the view that the US and the West have of themselves is an important factor in the emotional gap that may exist between Asia and Europe on the eve of America 's presidential election .
It is a noble hope , but also a dangerous one , for dreams can easily turn into nightmares .
PARIS -- Exceptional circumstances -- namely , the depth and urgency of the financial and economic crisis -- have contributed to bringing an exceptional man , Barack Obama , to the American presidency .
These are the major questions looming before us as the president-elect prepares the American people for what can only be a rough ride ahead .
The same Americans who cried with joy on the night of November 4 are now seized with apprehension as economic hardship becomes more real by the day , as they witness the consequences of the crisis for their neighbors , if not themselves .
Faced with the urgent necessity of alleviating so many Americans ' suffering , Obama knows only too well that the `` audacity of hope '' will not be sufficient to the immensity of the challenges confronting him .
On the positive side , a tragic legacy of American history has been transcended .
The pride that Americans -- and Africans -- have felt since Obama 's election is important and , one hopes , will bring long-term benefits .
Unemployment and the housing crisis are affecting Americans without regard to their color or origins .
You can ask for greater sacrifices and require greater patience from people whose trust and full support you have managed to gain .
But this should not go too far , for there are limits to what the state can do , and the strength of private initiative constitutes one key aspect of America , which became the world 's leading nation thanks to its dynamism , flexibility , and individual inventiveness .
The idea that you can make a difference not only for yourself but for your country and the world , that self-interest and personal enrichment are not the only possible goals in life for the `` best and the brightest , '' has slowly and irresistibly been gaining ground in the Obama generation .
On the night of November 4 , countless Americans and non-Americans felt that ideals could indeed become facts .
Obama has a unique combination of intellect , character , and -- so far -- luck , but can he prove able to channel Abraham Lincoln , Franklin Roosevelt , and Winston Churchill at the same time ?
Even if the left wing of the European left -- like the most liberal of America 's Democrats -- voices concerns that Obama has selected a far too centrist cabinet , a classical form of anti-Americanism is bound to recede in Europe .
Third , even if America under Obama praises and even practices multilateralism , Americans are far from ready to accept the reality of a multi-polar world .
America 's internationalism remains grounded in the idea of American `` exceptionalism '' -- a unique role and sense of mission .
Europeans have a traditional tendency to denounce American military adventurism while relying on the US as their protector .
Will Europe rise to the occasion and seize the opportunity created by America 's daring and exhilarating choice to prove to itself and to the world that the old continent can exist as a power and a united actor ?
As a presidential candidate , Sarkozy was often described as `` Sarkozy the American , '' an expression that alluded to his can-do style , his taste for `` bling , '' and the very American way in which he used his personal history to gain the support of would-be voters .
The same can not be said of Sarkozy , despite his claims to the contrary .
The reforms that Turkey has already implemented in a very short period of time , thanks to its EU candidate status , are impressive .
The EU desperately needs a strategic and diplomatic partner that can significantly reinforce its clout in the Middle East .
But can positive American gestures towards Turkey , a key NATO member , be sufficient to offset Israel 's insensitive , if not reckless , policies ?
One senses something like the making of an American-Asian dominated universe .
We can only hope that , in the end , the consequences of 2009 similarly prove to be far less dramatic than we now -- intuitively and in our historical reflexes -- feel them to be .
A majority of Israelis are even more convinced today than they were yesterday that they can count only on themselves and , at the margin , on the Jewish Diaspora .
If the United States wants to be seriously involved in a renewed peace initiative , it can neither ignore nor passively accept the hierarchy of Israeli emotions .
So what can be done to promote an `` Americanization '' of Europe in political terms and a `` Europeanization '' of America in social terms ?
Comforted by a new President who incarnates a return of hope , who inspires and reassures at the same time , Americans are starting to believe that the worst of the economic crisis is behind them .
Animated collectively by a combination of natural optimism and deep nationalism , Americans have made their president 's campaign slogan , `` Yes , we can , '' their own .
By contrast , when the personal situations of many individual Americans are examined through European eyes , the extreme individualism that constitutes a key part of American optimism translates into an unacceptable social scandal .
`` Cities of Tents are Filling with the Victims of the Economic Crisis , '' read one headline a month ago on the front page of a mass-circulation American newspaper .
Journalists report tragic stories of middle-class Americans losing their jobs and homes , potentially putting their lives at risk without any social protection .
Who will pay for your costly cancer treatment if you lose the health insurance policy that came with your job ?
The ambition of a country and a society born of the principles of the Enlightenment can not be to create a people armed to the teeth with guns yet entirely disarmed in the face of illness .
Americans ' perspective on retirement is highly revealing : they are afraid of it . What will they do ?
This perspective is not simply rooted in economics , even if today a large proportion of older Americans are rushing back to work as the downturn wrecks their retirement plans .
The geographic separation of families , owing to America 's size and Americans ' mobility , makes the association between retirement and being a grandparent less practicable in the US than it is in Europe .
Europe suffers from a shortage of leaders who can speak in its name ; from a shortage of ambition -LRB- what , after all , is the collective ambition of Europeans now that the EU is perceived more as part of the problem than part of the solution -RRB- .
Formulated in such terms , the European challenge seems even more formidable than the American one .
Of course , the US can not be compared with a Union that is nowhere near becoming a United States of Europe .
In this case , one can really say that `` less is more . ''
In today 's global age , with the rise of emerging powers and the relative decline of the West , the only Europe that will be taken seriously is a Europe that can speak and be seen as one .
Europe simply can not count on the British , at least for a while .
Given Silvio Berlusconi 's sexcapades , the Italy that he leads can not be taken seriously , while Spain is out of the running for an EU leadership role , owing to its dire economic conditions .
Above all , the EU needs political will and direction . Only Germany and France , acting together , can convey to Europe 's citizens and to the world the sense that the EU is at long last waking up to today 's global realities .
But the two giants of Europe can agree to disagree about the virtues of German-style budgetary rigor or French-style fiscal stimulus as long as they do n't insult each other , and , more importantly , as long as they compensate for their philosophical differences with a well publicized program of joint initiatives on key subjects .
Yet Germany also must realize that Russia 's negative evolution has consequences that Germans can not escape .
France and Germany can not move Europe alone , but Europe without them can not move at all .
The `` trendy '' way is to manufacture a significant but not too massive victory .
It can not switch from `` activism '' at one moment to abstention the next .
In Gabon , the priority for France is to transcend neo-colonialism without losing its important links to the oil-rich African nation .
How can they be understood without being judged , or helped without humiliating paternalism or , still worse , without an unacceptable `` collateral damage , '' as in Afghanistan ?
It can not afford to ignore the issue any longer .
What the Balkans needs nowadays are not historians or political scientists , but psychoanalysts who can help them transcend their past for the sake of the present and the future .
In contrast to this paranoid version of the past is a past that is buried under silence and propaganda ; a past that is simply not dealt with and remains like a secret wound that can become reopened at any moment .
But how can China become capable of implementing the `` rule of law '' which it so badly needs , let us not even speak of democracy , if it continues to systematically lie to its people about the recent past ?
Such a choice can encourage the most dangerous nationalist tendencies within a society that does not know , especially young people , what hides behind the silence and official lies .
But between a history that paralyzes a nation 's ability to `` move on '' collectively and an absolute unwillingness to face the past , which can lead to criticism of the present , there is ample room for maneuver . Healthy nations use that room to bury the pain of the past , if not the past itself .
But this ambition , however legitimate , looks more presumptuous and unrealistic every day , particularly given the choices that Europe just made in naming its new `` President '' -- Belgium 's Prime Minister Herman van Rompuy -- and `` Foreign Minister '' -- the never been elected to anything Lady Catherine Ashton from Britain . How can Europe pretend to stand for an ambitious message when it picks such low-profile -- indeed , practically anonymous -- messengers to deliver it ?
That reception was , of course , intended to nurture India 's collective ego , which had sensed a Sino-centric tilt to American policy ever since Obama became president .
But India is also increasingly aware that nothing can be done without its help on issues from Pakistan to Afghanistan to Iran to global warming .
But it must also behave in a modern , rather than a neo-colonial , way in many places in its former African empire .
Suddenly , with the Libya issue , we can tell ourselves that we are catching up with Germany , whose pusillanimity is striking ; we are showing the way to the United States ; and the French -LRB- and British -RRB- flags are deployed in the streets of `` liberated '' Libya , together with that country 's own new flag .
An energetic and daring gambler , Sarkozy is taking a high but legitimate risk that he can retake the moral -LRB- and political -RRB- high ground .
And today , with France taking the lead in an international effort to protect the Libyan people from their leader , they can feel simultaneously proud of being French and of their Arab roots .
The lesson of Norway 's tragedy , by contrast , is that words can kill , and that far-right ideology -LRB- perhaps combined with an addiction to violent video games -RRB- can lead to terrible consequences .
The country gave me the impression of being so civilized that I was utterly convinced that , in a post-Western world , the West would have a lot to learn from the Scandinavian countries .
Psychopaths can emerge anywhere -- even in the most civilized societies .
The more civilized and happy a country is , the more extreme its marginalized deviants can be .
Some people can feel bored to death in a happy and prosperous country .
The French can not even walk on the sidewalk in front of the Elysée Palace , the seat of France 's president .
How can America recover international legitimacy ?
Guantánamo , Abu Ghraib , and more recent war-crimes scandals have done much worse damage to America 's stature .
The next US president should be able to capitalize on Americans ' fundamental optimism , pragmatism , and activism .
But he or she will face an uphill struggle to prove to the world that America can be a force for good , a democratic beacon that cares for the planet and that lives up to the standards that it sets for others .
In the Italian case , following the corruption scandals that have nearly sunk Il Calcio , Italy 's premier football league , the national team had to rehabilitate the game in the eyes of their fellow citizens .
At the same time , during the World Cup , fans are not only universal ; they are also unique , and they can express their difference with impunity , sometimes in the most assertive , aggressive , and , unfortunately , occasionally racist manner .
African teams , except when they were playing against France , were favored over those from the European Union .
In 1998 , when France won the Cup for the first time , the three colors of the French flag -LRB- blue , white , and red -RRB- were celebrated alongside with the three colors -LRB- `` black , white , and beur , the skin color of North Africans born in France to immigrant parents -RRB- of the members of the French team .
Do you believe you can continue to ostracize the communities from which your soccer heroes come ? ''
But sport can also become a kind of gigantic , distracting screen behind which nasty regimes do outrageous things -- the very opposite of the Olympic and World Cup spirit .
The bloodiest century in European history started in August 1914 . We can end it in December 2002 .
It is about lasting peace and shared prosperity . We know we can do it .
But some candidates will not be able to conclude negotiations this year . A special effort should be made in order to strengthen their prospects .
Together we can prevent a new silver curtain from replacing Europe 's old iron curtain .
They do not contribute significantly to the global economy , and their countries ' health systems function on a tiny fraction of what advanced economies devote to their populations ' health .
The good news is that NTDs can be treated , as quality drugs -- donated by the major pharmaceutical companies -- are made available .
We can easily meet that objective , because we have drugs that are effective , free -LRB- or very cheap -RRB- , that have low delivery costs , and that provide add-on benefits .
He also canceled the debts of some small producers and raised the prices paid by the state for milk and meat .
Only with foreign investment and economic liberalization -- a process that has already begun in some measure -- can Cuba hope to offer its 11.2 million people more consumer goods and comfort , improve the social welfare system , and rehabilitate the country 's infrastructure .
Moreover , negotiations with the European Union have been resumed , greater understanding with the Vatican is being fostered , and Castro himself has publicly suggested the possibility of dialogue with the United States .
Is innovation something that can be taught at school ?
According to the school of rational criticism , when existing theories can neither explain nor solve current problems , the formulation of new hypotheses -- and thus new scientific knowledge -- is , like innovation , more likely to flourish when constructive criticism is openly allowed and encouraged .
They might broaden their scope and find that they , too , can contribute to the productivity of firms , industries , and the economy in general .
But , while anybody with a little know-how can figure out how to circumvent , say , the `` Great Firewall of China , '' Internet filtering is only one layer of Chinese Internet censorship .
In less than three years , this popular online resource has been transformed from a respectable American start-up to a shady Moscow-based enterprise , co-owned by the Kremlin 's favorite oligarchs .
A clear sign of the rot in Iran 's economy can be found in economic relations between Iran and Turkey .
What lessons can be drawn from the failure of Turkish businesses in Iran ?
Syria can hope for two major changes following the restoration of full diplomatic relations with the US .
The question is whether Syria 's rulers can make the political choices necessary to obtain them .
Turkey , for its part , finds itself in a similar situation with its candidacy for the EU .
But limiting the significance of the `` no '' vote to mere political calculation would be a mistake , for it also reflects the importance of the `` French malaise '' about Europe .
Of course , given China 's highly politicized atmosphere , politics can leak into even the most innocuous areas of discourse , and the many talk shows and audience participation formats necessitate a less intrusive but nonetheless effective system of content regulation .
Serious breaches can result in reprimands or dismissals .
Barring some catastrophic change , this method of information control can be expected to continue well into the 21st century .
Thus , little justification can be made for the use of partially hydrogenated oils , compared with other natural oils or fats .
2 . Extremely low levels of trans fat intake are associated with significantly increased risk of heart disease . In our analysis of prospective studies totaling 140,000 men and women , we determined that intake of 2 % of total calories from trans fats -LRB- or 40 calories\/day , for a typical 2000 calorie\/day diet -RRB- was associated with 23 % higher risk of heart attacks or death from heart disease .
4 . Use of trans fats in food manufacturing and restaurants can be limited without any significant effects on food taste , cost , or availability . While industry often expresses concern that limiting the use of trans fats will affect food taste or cost , no evidence exists to support this hypothesis .
MILAN -- What can we expect as the world 's economy emerges from its most serious downturn in almost a century ?
American consumers will save more and spend less , abandoning the pattern of the last few years .
As a result , the world 's international economic institutions will need to be strengthened in terms of governance and resources so that they can act as circuit-breakers in the event of future financial and economic turbulence .
The advanced countries are collectively responsible for much of the current stock of carbon in the atmosphere , as well as for a significant -LRB- though declining -RRB- share of the world 's annual emissions .
Advanced countries by themselves simply can not ensure that safe global CO2 levels are reached .
The advanced countries will be asked to reduce their CO2 emissions at a substantial rate , while emissions in developing countries can rise to allow for rapid , catch-up economic growth .
This means that limits on our consumption of fossil fuels can not be measured only by the availability of supplies , but must also take account of the environmental costs .
On our current course , without a significant mitigation effort , by mid-century we would be at around four times the safe level .
But those costs will have a significantly higher expected value if we do not adopt sensible global strategies that include adjusting our mitigation efforts in response to new information .
Prior to the crisis , American consumers , on average , either saved nothing or accumulated debt .
But this substitution can not continue indefinitely .
But it is an unfortunate mathematical fact that not everyone can gain market share .
The problem is all the more pressing because countries can achieve gains in market share not only through higher private-sector competitiveness , but also by means of protectionist measures .
So what can be done to shore up global aggregate demand and growth prospects , while preserving the economic openness that has benefited major parts of the developing world so greatly in the past 30 years ?
This challenge , however , is very complex because deleveraging and rebalancing can not be completed overnight .
But key steps can and should be taken : restoration of fiscal balance in well-communicated plans , commitment to central bank autonomy and low inflation , and striking a thoughtful balance between under - and over-regulation of the financial sector .
Externally , major trading partners and holders of advanced-country assets can support rebalancing by agreeing to avoid sudden and potentially destabilizing shifts in the composition of their balance sheets .
If that can be accomplished , the world will have taken a major step toward a relatively smooth , effective , and equitable global economic recovery .
The central lesson for investors seems to me to be that not all components of risk are static , but rather evolve in ways that are not yet fully understood -- and that government regulation can not fully address . For that reason , the ability of markets to self-correct should play a role as well , which requires that investment strategies attempt to take the possibility of systemic risk into consideration .
Threats to the system as a whole can arise in a manner that is difficult to detect , and that can cause risk-mitigation strategies that work well in normal times to malfunction .
Of course , you can argue that post-crisis regulatory reform will eventually resolve the problem of periodic systemic risk , and that we will return to the more comfortable world of relatively stationary risk without periodic imbalances .
One can think of periodic systemic risk as an inherent tendency toward reversion to the mean : short - and medium-term returns can deviate considerably and for extended periods from the expected long-run returns associated with various investment strategies and capabilities .
This is particularly relevant to large investors who , unlike traders , can not totally ignore macroeconomic fundamentals without abandoning reasonable diversification .
Second , in times of widespread distress , liquid portfolios create investment opportunities , as depressed asset prices -LRB- often overly so -RRB- combine with the capacity to invest while others can not or will not .
This means that liquidity has potentially significant value , which rises when systemic problems emerge .
Here , too , I can not find a single reference to Allah , Islam , or the ummah -LRB- community of believers -RRB- .
More remarkably , the Tunisian army played the role of a genuinely professional , neutral , loyal republican institution , acting in support of the civilian process .
Now that they are gone , so is their limited and limiting approach to international dialogue , based almost exclusively on state-to-state relations without any significant input from civil society .
Indeed , in February , he declared that multiculturalism was a `` failure , '' adding , `` Our Muslim compatriots should be able to live and practice their religion like anyone else ... but it can only be a French Islam , not just an Islam in France . ''
Integrating the Mediterranean world into a tolerant community that ensures the peace and prosperity of all its peoples can happen today , because it has happened before .
Two important features of both the Tunisian and Egyptian revolutions will be significant in assessing the chances for a renewed Mediterranean Union .
More significantly , it displayed this generation 's unprecedented level of political awareness and activism .
In light of this hopeful trend , how long can Europe 's obsession with Islamic fundamentalism hold sway ?
How long can the so-called `` Muslim Question '' be used as a tool to defeat political adversaries ?
Governments do n't have the luxury of waiting forever , and they can no longer use the myth of popular quiescence to avoid initiating the necessary reforms that will address the public 's underlying grievances .
There is an opportunity here to start developing pluralistic systems where not only Islamists , but also other parties and discourses can play a role .
While the reform process should certainly be homegrown , the United States and the rest of the international community can encourage democratic development without imposing it from afar .
The US and the West can discuss with Arab countries how political reform should be carried out in a way that would contribute to greater openness and opportunities for power-sharing .
At the dawn of a new Arab era , it is up to them to build new , open political systems that can head off the looming threat of escalating crises .
Yet opponents of the idea of `` Muslim democracy '' argue that European Catholics only turned to democracy under orders from the Vatican , and that since Muslims do not have anything like a Church hierarchy , Christian Democracy is an irrelevant example .
The Vatican initially regarded them with suspicion , perceiving parties participating in elections and parliamentary horse-trading as signs of `` modernism . ''
The Vatican , having prohibited Italian Catholics from participating in the political life of newly united Italy for almost sixty years , lifted its ban .
But Mussolini soon outlawed the Popolari ; in any event , the Vatican had had a strained relationship with the party and appeared more comfortable supporting pro-Catholic authoritarian regimes in countries like Austria and Portugal .
Maritain participated in the drafting of the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights , and the Second Vatican Council eventually approved many of the ideas that he had been propounding since the 1930 's .
It was n't the Vatican that took the lead in creating Christian Democracy -- it was innovative philosophers like Maritain -LRB- who never served in the Church hierarchy , though he was briefly French ambassador to the Vatican -RRB- and political entrepreneurs like Sturzo -LRB- a simple Sicilian priest -RRB- .
Yet , in some respects , this clichéd opposition has actually been reversed recently : religion played virtually no role during the last American presidential elections , while in a range of different European countries major controversies about religion have flared up , suggesting that questions of faith are back at the center of European politics .
Zapatero eventually felt it necessary to tell a Vatican envoy that Spanish bishops should stop meddling in the elections -LRB- which he won -RRB- .
In Italy , Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi precipitated a constitutional crisis by trying to rush through emergency legislation to prevent a comatose patient from being taken off life support . This reminded many observers of what the America 's Republican Party tried to do in order to demonstrate its `` pro-life commitments '' during George W. Bush 's presidency .
Finally , there is Britain , usually seen as perhaps the most secular country in Western Europe , and thus the least likely candidate to see the return of religion of any kind -LRB- outside its Muslim community -RRB- .
In fact , some intellectuals close to the right have long advocated an opening towards Europe 's Muslim immigrants and their descendants . Where they can vote , so the argument goes , Muslim traditionalists would rather vote for a conservative party , even if it has Catholic roots , than for a secular left-wing party perceived as advocating loose morals .
For the moment , the temptation is for the European right to find its `` new look '' through a selective appeal to religion -- and wait and see whether it works as an electoral strategy . They should remember , though , that starting a Kulturkampf is to play with fire : it might be possible to instrumentalize religious passions for a time ; but such passions can not permanently be controlled from above .
Think , for example , of a German -LRB- oral -RRB- test which was to apply only to immigrants from states belonging to the Organization of the Islamic Conference -LRB- the test in question was later withdrawn -RRB- , and which asked , among other things , the applicant 's opinion about the fact that in Germany homosexuals hold high public office .
So , citizenship tests -- rather than being repressive -- can actually be empowering , if they make immigrants aware of rights and possibilities for participation .
Tests might also make the passage to citizenship meaningful , a ritual similar to the solemn swearing of an oath of allegiance , which can be integrated as a major event into the story of one 's life -LRB- to be sure , some will always dismiss such ceremonies as political kitsch -RRB- .
What these kinds of exams can not do -- and should not attempt to do -- is test people 's political convictions .
For one thing , such convictions can always be faked by those determined to dissimulate .
As critics have mockingly pointed out , Hessel 's booklet at times reads more like a call for a free-floating , almost arbitrary desire to be agitated by something -- almost anything , really , as long as it can somehow be justified by one 's own subjective sense of justice .
If today 's protest movements are based on righteous indignation , the lack of concrete demands should not be a problem : shared norms -LRB- and the policies that would follow from them -RRB- can still broadly be assumed .
And they should seek to calm anger and defuse outrage , which can be a serious threat to liberal democracy .
What if Greece gets into so much trouble that it can not service its debt ?
A member of the euro zone can not be expelled under current rules , allowing countries like Greece to lie , manipulate , blackmail , and collect more and more EU funds .
At the least , there is the danger that the cash nexus can encourage a mindless commitment to work , and the belief that one 's worth comes only from paid labor , leading to fear of dependence on others , or to shunning vital but unpaid activity .
Of course , self-interested solicitude can lead to inauthenticity , to a sense of always selling oneself -- or rather , a sense of having to become someone who can be sold .
As a result , the modern individual can belong to a greater range of groups , but groups that are less all encompassing .
This choice of possibilities is due in no small part to the market , and the peril we face is that so much choice can create a protean self , lacking binding commitments to anyone or anything , a self for whom the bottom line of every social contract is the escape clause .
They are often passed down within families , so they elude social policies that are based on the notion that equality of opportunity can be created by government action .
But while the ethical basis of Neo-Confucianism was crucial , the Chinese also understood the need for a morally motivated bureaucracy , and thus perfected in the seventh century the world 's first examination system for selecting bureaucrats , with the Confucian canon as the syllabus .
Civil society groups report the arrests of opposition electoral candidates , the manipulation of food supplies for political purposes , and violent incidents of voter intimidation .
South African president Thabo Mbeki convened negotiations with Zimbabwe 's political groups ; but they have been so unfruitful that opposition leaders recently all but accused Mbeki of lying to the world about the progress of the talks .
Some African leaders -- notably Ghana 's president , John Kufuor , and outgoing African Union head Alpha Konare -- have tried to cajole Mugabe towards reform , to no avail .
Perhaps more significantly , the international community 's failure to address Zimbabwe seriously shows , once again , that it lacks the political will to prevent foreseeable crises .
The UN would say it must be invited into a country before it can take certain forms of action , such as sending official election observers .
With so many lives at stake , what can be done to avert an intensification of the Zimbabwe crisis ?
Zimbabwe 's neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabe 's abuses , or to shield him from international scrutiny and rebuke .
This development poses the most significant challenge yet to current President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad -- and a potential opportunity to alter the relationship between Iran and the West .
A perceived change in American `` behavior '' under the Obama administration may facilitate Khamenei 's support for , or at least acquiescence in , an electoral victory by Mousavi .
Rebuilding the country can not be done cheaply .
A bankrupt warlord , after all , can not buy weapons or bribe people to maintain their loyalty .
In the long run , Afghanistan has resources that can be exploited .
Afghans can contribute in a tangible way here by reopening the North-South route connecting the resource rich economies of Central Asia to densely populated India and Pakistan .
If the latter are ignored , regional interests can incite chaos once again .
Can regional economic groupings , such as the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa -LRB- COMESA -RRB- and the Southern African Development Community -LRB- SADC -RRB- , help increase trade and bolster growth ?
Moreover , in the past , southern African countries put their faith in protectionism and import substitution policies .
Nowadays southern African countries are committed to reinforcing their regional integration through economic harmonization .
A form of monetary harmonization in southern Africa already exists between South Africa and Lesotho , Namibia , and Swaziland , whose currencies are traded at par with the South African Rand .
In order to attract the FDI needed to achieve this , southern African countries have enacted laws aimed at encouraging greater private sector participation , with special emphasis on foreign investment .
But , despite these efforts , FDI inflows in the region -LRB- excluding South Africa -RRB- remain too low to have a significant economic impact .
Kosovo , to a significant degree , owes its independence to a NATO military intervention undertaken in the name of human rights .
Kosovo 's Albanian authorities have for years made no significant decision without receiving the imprimatur of the European Union and , especially , the United States .
Though women have long been active in Kuwaiti public life , they were enfranchised only last year , after a long and difficult campaign , by a parliamentary vote , and accounted for just 28 of the 249 candidates .
Islamist candidates were in an awkward position , seeking support from women voters , whose participation they opposed .
Indeed , three members of the outgoing parliament who supported the government were not candidates , having lost in their tribal primaries .
It can go along with electoral reform , or it can find an opportunity to dissolve the new parliament .
Because no European state can afford to `` go it alone , '' military reform demands greater integration and information sharing , as control of information will be key in future conflicts .
Nations that can not afford to field expeditionary forces capable of performing the full spectrum of 21st-century missions should make greater use of specialization to enhance their contribution to Europe 's collective defense .
The EU can help by strengthening its defense planning .
Current capacity is roughly 500 weapons annually in both Russia and the US , which means that the total of 2,000 weapons each that the ICNND Report suggests for the year 2025 can not be fully implemented much before 2028 .
Immediate further cuts must include sub-strategic weapons , with the few remaining American nuclear weapons in Europe withdrawn in exchange for the elimination of the still substantial Russian stockpile .
But the withdrawal of American nuclear weapons from Europe is by no means the first step towards nuclear disarmament .
But they can be partly overcome with intensive training in Cambodian and international law and complex investigative techniques . This must be reinforced by vigorous independent monitoring throughout the process .
For the sake of fairness and due process , this rule must be changed for the Extraordinary Chambers , so that international lawyers can contribute equally to the defense .
Finally , having generously contributed most of the tribunal 's funds , donor governments can not just sit back and watch .
They can best help the court by coordinating their actions , exercising robust oversight , and helping to identify -- and , where necessary , solve -- problems as they arise .
In rural constituencies , opposition candidates defeated such EPRDF heavyweights as the ministers of defense , information , and infrastructure , along with the presidents of the two largest regions , Oromia and Amhara .
To restore calm before a recount can be held , confidence-building measures are needed .
This neatly fit a standard response to criticism of the level of American assistance : that private philanthropy exceeds government aid .
Moreover , like official US assistance , a relatively small share of American private philanthropy ordinarily goes to the poorest countries .
In contrast , the countries that are most generous -- Norway , Sweden , Denmark , the Netherlands , and tiny Luxemburg -- give proportionately far more than American governmental and private assistance combined , and the lion 's share of their aid goes to the world 's most impoverished countries .
Battered by the Iraqi `` oil for food '' scandal , which , at the least , demonstrated mismanagement , and misdeeds by officials ranging from former Dutch Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers -LRB- now High Commissioner for Refugees -RRB- , who faces allegations of sexual harassment , to rapes committed by UN peacekeeping troops in Congo , the UN has a chance to rehabilitate its reputation by managing the relief effort effectively .
Doing so requires putting the right person in charge -- someone like Paul Hoffman , the American industrialist who managed the Marshall Plan more than half a century ago and , subsequently , headed the UN Development Program .
Throughout American history , threats to national security , whether real or imagined , have led to clampdowns on the rights of citizens and , to a far greater extent , on the rights of immigrants and others suspected of acting in the interests of alien forces .
During World War II , Japan 's attack on the US was followed by the internment of more than 120,000 Japanese-Americans because of their race , including many who were born in the US .
In the late 1940 's and the 1950 's , the Cold War and fears that the Red Menace would sap American resolve from within led to myriad anti-subversive programs , with tens of thousands of Americans losing their livelihoods as a result .
Though Americans tend to lump Nixon 's violations of civil liberties together under the heading of `` Watergate , '' much more was involved than the break-in at Democratic Party headquarters and the subsequent cover-up .
It even insisted that it could imprison an American citizen , José Padilla , incommunicado for an indefinite period without criminal charges until , faced with the prospect of Supreme Court review , it suddenly pressed charges that had nothing to do with the allegations that had formed the basis for his detention .
Most important , of course , is the need to prevent the suffering caused by the crimes that lead to international prosecutions ; and when those crimes can not be prevented , we must provide some comfort and redress to the victims and their families by doing justice .
We can not rule out the possibility that doing justice in Darfur will make it more difficult to achieve peace there .
In the long run , doing justice seems a way to contribute to peace , but one can not be sure that things will work out that way every time .
Just a week before the indictment , seven African Union and UN peacekeepers were killed and 22 injured during an ambush by well-armed militiamen .
The fact that the movement continues to secure advances even in difficult times is an indication of the enduring significance of what was achieved in 1948 when the world 's governments declared that rights are universal .
Those denouncing the attempt to put Bashir on trial include the large blocs of countries that are members of the Organization of the Islamic Conference and the African Union , together with such powerful states as China and Russia .
One can only guess whether some of those joining this effort are motivated by concern that they themselves may some day face charges like those leveled at Bashir by the ICC judges .
Several other African states -- Angola , Namibia , Uganda , and Zimbabwe -- have also at times participated in armed combat within the DRC , either directly or through proxy militias .
After all , while a speaker can reasonably take care not to express views that will lead to imminent violence , if listeners have unlimited discretion in determining what causes offense , the speaker can never know what will so offend some people near or far at some time in the future that they will commit violence .
In difficult circumstances , and with no cooperation from the Israeli government , Goldstone documented in substantial detail a large number of Israeli attacks that killed many hundreds of civilians , injured thousands , and destroyed a significant part of Gaza 's civilian infrastructure .
Instead , Goldstone says that his revised judgment is based on the fact that `` Israel has dedicated significant resources to investigate over 400 allegations of operational misconduct in Gaza . ''
And it must be done as quickly as is consistent with accuracy and fairness , so that the information can be used effectively to help prevent additional abuses .
In recanting on this basis , Goldstone conveys to the Israelis that they can receive absolution from a highly respected voice of the international community by making a show of investigations .
Although we can not know how many lives would be lost and how much misery would be inflicted in an invasion of Iraq to oust Saddam 's regime , the cost would unquestionably be great .
It can not consider crimes committed prior to July 1 , 2002 .
Let him go where we ca n't get at him , but with no guarantee of impunity if his actions or fate bring him to a place where justice can be done .
When American troops were captured in Iraq , President Bush said that he expects them to be treated humanely .
American officials recently released a list of Iraqis who would face trial for past crimes .
The American military takes the Geneva Conventions seriously .
Similar rules to govern the conduct of the United States Army during the Civil War have guided the American military since 1863 , when a code of 159 articles was drafted by Francis Lieber , a German immigrant who became a professor of law at Columbia University .
Among the reasons the American military is committed to respect for the Geneva Conventions is a concern about reciprocity . By treating others properly , American forces strengthen their argument that they themselves should be dealt with in accordance with the Geneva Conventions .
Prisoners , it seems , are denied legal protection so that coercive interrogations can proceed without interference .
Having said that , whatever America does at Guantanamo does not justify Iraqi mistreatment of American or British prisoners .
But those charged with responsibility for such crimes should be brought before an international -- not American -- tribunal .
If the US tries Iraqi officials before a US military commission , as leading American defense officials have suggested , it would reverse the progress made in the decade since the establishment of the tribunal for ex-Yugoslavia .
Ironically , the American proposal coincided with the inauguration of the International Criminal Court . An even blacker irony is that America and Iraq were two of the seven governments that voted against its establishment in Rome in 1998 when the treaty for the court was adopted .
If the US continues to do all that it can to minimize civilian casualties , it has nothing to fear from an international tribunal . The fact that errant bombs or missiles kill some civilians does not make their deaths war crimes .
The American President 's designation of two Britons to be among the first six of 680 prisoners held at the US base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba to face a military trial has been condemned across the political spectrum in the United Kingdom .
Whether denunciations of the detentions at Guantanamo and the planned military tribunals are driven by genuine concerns about human rights or by glee at pointing out American hypocrisy , the effect is the same .
Because the US is such an outspoken proponent of human rights internationally , its failure to respect rights assumes added significance , contributing to a rising tide of anti-Americanism in much of the world .
domestic American law in accordance with the rights guaranteed by the US Constitution ;
The Bush administration 's argument for not applying domestic law is that the prisoners are not American citizens and are not held on American territory .
Guantanamo was selected as the site to imprison them in a deliberate -- and successful -- effort to prevent American civilian courts asserting their jurisdiction .
The solidarity among African leaders that has sustained Robert Mugabe 's brutal regime in Zimbabwe may be on the verge of disintegrating .
In late August , the heads of state of thirteen members of the Southern African Development Community -LRB- SADC -RRB- , including Mugabe and President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa , the leading regional power , met in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , to consider the challenges before them .
Also at issue is whether the rest of the world takes seriously the commitments to democracy and good governance in the New Economic Partnership for Africa Development -LRB- NEPAD -RRB- and the Constitutive Act for the new African Union .
For more than a quarter of a century , ever since advancing human rights internationally became an explicit and avowed goal of US foreign policy under President Jimmy Carter , American influence played a leading role in mitigating abuses .
It thus sometimes achieved indirectly what could not be done directly : the leveraging of American influence to promote human rights .
One reason is the tremendous increase in anti-Americanism since the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . This is largely due to a widespread perception of American arrogance .
At the same time , rising anti-Americanism preceded the US response to the terrorist attacks .
KYIV -- The world 's center of gravity is heading eastward so fast that we Europeans can almost feel the ground moving beneath our feet .
The EU can play a constructive role through permanent dialogue that is sensitive to Russia 's concerns without acquiescing in all of Russia 's answers to them .
In fact , PepsiCo holds a 25 % share of the market with products like Quaker cereals and fortified Tropicana juices , which qualify for FDA-approved health claims .
If I need a hundred or so calories in a hurry , I prefer a banana , a handful of nuts , or , for that matter , a delicious candy bar .
But most foods posing as `` health food '' raise the same question as vitamin-supplemented candy : does adding vitamins really make a food better for you ?
Homosexuals have been able to register civil partnerships since 1995 and marry since 2009 , and the country is one of the most radical in its understanding of women 's rights -- as WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange can attest .
China 's mixture of inaction with a mercantilist approach to its Third World trading partners attests to the hypocrisy of its foreign policy .
In Zambia , Chinese mining firms ' indifference to the death of their African employees provoked large protests against China 's presence .
But can China be persuaded to wield its influence constructively , rather than maintaining its pretense of neutrality when its assistance is badly needed ?
One can argue that this trend bodes ill for China .
Indeed , the fact that many school buildings were flattened in Sichuan prompted an outcry from ` netizens , ' who grilled local officials about whether it substandard building codes or even a notorious `` toufuzha construction scandal , '' namely , jerry-built projects , that had led to the disproportionate number of dead pupils .
But can Web activism mature into a full-blown campaign for free speech without being manipulated by the government or blindfolded by Western media ?
The Internet can foster more demagoguery than sober analysis .
But the best way to prevent this is to create an environment in which opposing views can clash freely , enabling truth ultimately to triumph .
Having won the most votes in two consecutive Duma elections , the Party now made a serious strategic blunder , exposing itself to attack by putting a number of major businessmen -- or oligarchs -- on its candidate list .
The party actively supports Putin , but refrained from appearing in televised debates , possibly because it has no charismatic leaders of its own who can excite the public with sharp polemics .
The United States , with a government that can hardly be described as weak , bungled the war in Iraq and the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina .
To be sure , contemporary Russia can hardly be called an exemplary democracy , and not all trends are encouraging .
With an approval rating that hovers around 70 % , no one can accuse Putin of being unpopular -- or , for that matter , of a willingness to surrender to the opposition or to people in the street .
In any case , it is not liberals who can get people into the streets in Russia ; it is the Communists and nationalists .
That can happen with anyone , but it is still no reason for revolution , which is always better wished on someone else than on yourself .
Much depends on who is prime minister ; heavyweight politicians holding the office can potentially eclipse the president .
From this standpoint , the American model , for example , is more successful : the head of state also leads the government .
When Putin made the most important appointment of his life -- the choice of his successor -- one can be sure that his calculations were thorough .
If one is selective with the evidence , a semi-reasonable case can be built for those desperate enough to believe it .
His popularity has been bestowed , not earned , so it can be taken away as easily as it was given .
But , unlike its neighbors , this year can mark a turning point for Burundi .
Thanks to agreements between the rebels and the government that Nelson Mandela and South African Vice President Jacob Zuma helped broker , Burundi can now either turn decisively away from civil strife , or risk a return to the machete politics that have mauled Africa 's Great Lakes region for a decade .
Neither party , it seems , can commit credibly to peace .
Burundi 's donors need to join hands with African leaders to make certain that the agreements are implemented .
So it should be no surprise that noncommunicable diseases -LRB- NCD 's -RRB- , including cardiovascular diseases -LRB- CVD 's -RRB- , obesity , diabetes and cancer , now kill roughly 33 million people around the world each year , and cause almost 60 % of total deaths .
Moreover , more than 60 % these deaths occur in the developing world , and here NCD 's increasingly appear in younger age groups , which can have huge implications for how productive a country 's workers are .
Governments can act .
Transport ministries should provide safe roads so that children can bike to school .
Later , scanning through the brain , every time we find a tagged cell we know that it was born at the time we furnished the DNA .
When we gave adult canaries the tagged DNA building block and then looked for tagged neurons that would have been born one or two days earlier , we found none .
In the adult songbird brain , we can find at any moment many little migrating neurons ready to replace cells that have died .
The trick will be to induce the brain to produce and deliver to the correct destination any kind of neuron that might be needed , so that regardless of cell class , new cells of the required kind can replace others of the same type that have died .
Europe began its own American-style debate on the origins of life when Cardinal Christoph Schönborn of Vienna cast doubt on the acceptability of Darwinism and evolutionary theory to people who see themselves as faithful Roman Catholics .
The reason that such pseudo-science has prevailed in so many American schools is directly related to America 's tremendously decentralized school system , which allows committed local groups of the religious-minded to reshape the curriculum .
It is unlikely that European schools , because of their structure , can be invaded by `` creationism . ''
It is a state of being involuntarily gripped by something that is difficult to ward off and for which , since one can not act otherwise , one is accountable only in a limited sense .
Parents can tell many a tale about how , with the beginning of school , their children 's playful approach suddenly changes , as they must now focus on objects dictated by the curriculum .
Likewise , however desirable its ability to produce the unexpected and unforeseeable , science today can not claim that it is not accountable to society .
Research is an endless process , with a destination that no one can predict precisely .
The corporate world -- indeed , the formal workplace more generally -- can no longer be strictly separated from the informal world in which work and leisure have become blurred .
Seeing the excitement that can be generated in young people through events like science festivals and networks of science centers gives rise to cautious optimism -- provided we seize the diversity of opportunities that informal learning offers .
Currently , a three-pronged strategy can be discerned for the `` what '' : knowledge for growth -LRB- economic recovery and prosperity -RRB- ; knowledge for society -LRB- tackling the grand challenges ahead , from climate change and energy security to healthy aging -RRB- ; and knowledge for science -LRB- nurturing Europe 's science and technology base , which remains indispensible for innovation -RRB- .
How can innovation , which is never only technological , but social as well , be achieved and fully used ?
The many other Africans who lament their nations ' flagging democratic transitions would do well to draw strength from Kenya 's milestone .
At the same time , emissions can not be reduced at the extent required without the central contribution of the developing world .
Some of the latter can come through carbon market .
Other public expenditure can be postponed , but delaying climate-change measures is a high-risk , high-cost option .
We know what we must do , and we can do it .
These states can play this role , however , only if first they transform this geographic space into a genuinely inclusive and vibrant security community .
Similarly , the Euro-Atlantic states can mobilize behind efforts to strengthen the International Atomic Energy Agency 's safeguards system , which ensures the non-diversion of peaceful nuclear programs , in order to foster cooperation on countering the threat of nuclear terrorism , and to develop new mechanisms to protect jointly critical infrastructure from cyber attack .
Rebuilding Haiti From Davos ROME -- When the captains of business and industry meet in Davos for the World Economic Forum this month , the devastation caused by the recent earthquake in Haiti will be near the top of their agenda . It should be , for there is much they can do to help .
The International Fund for Agricultural Development -LRB- IFAD -RRB- has seen first-hand how investing in agriculture can help people recover from natural disasters .
Our experience in developing countries tells us that investments in agriculture can be twice as effective in reducing poverty as similar investments in other sectors .
Less than two years ago , Haiti was devastated by a hurricane that caused about $ 220 million in damage to food crops -- at a time when the population was also struggling to feed itself because of high world food prices .
Much-needed capital investment can enable smallholder farmers to provide the private sector with a sustainable supply of high-quality agricultural produce .
Indeed , smallholder farmers are often extremely efficient producers per hectare , and can contribute to a country 's economic growth and food security .
In Haiti , and in developing countries around the world , smallholder farmers can contribute to food security and economic growth just as they did in Vietnam .
But they can not do so without secure access to land and water -- as well as to rural financial services to pay for seed , tools , and fertilizer .
But public - private partnerships must be backed up with the right policies and support for rural communities , so that poor rural people can increase food production , improve their lives , and contribute to greater food security for all .
Organizations like IFAD can help link the private sector and smallholder farmers .
We can support investments that expand the productive potential of the smallholder sector in the developing world by helping investors reduce their risks , and by assisting smallholder farmers in accessing new financing and markets through private-sector partnerships .
Strengthening agriculture is one of the best investments any African country can make .
Members of the African Union recognized this in 2003 in Maputo , Mozambique , pledging to increase spending on agriculture to at least 10 % of national budgets .
A vibrant rural sector generates local demand for locally produced goods and services . In turn , this can spur sustainable non-farm employment growth in services , agro-processing , and small-scale manufacturing .
The potential in these numbers will remain untapped unless African countries put the right policies in place to help agriculture to develop and flourish .
But transformation of African agriculture will not happen until the private sector is fully engaged in agricultural production , processing , and marketing .
More broadly , African countries need to put their political and economic houses in order .
Significant progress must be made in Africa to advance both women 's empowerment and their status in society -- particularly with regard to land and credit .
So Africa 's development must be made in Africa , by Africans , for Africans .
Change can not be imposed from outside , it must be cultivated from within .
Kofi Annan , Chairperson of the Board of the Alliance for a Green Revolution in Africa -LRB- AGRA -RRB- , has acknowledged this isolation : `` The average African smallholding farmer swims alone .
In addition , we need to provide them with research and technology to ensure that they can grow the best-quality produce , and storage capabilities so that they can sell at peak prices .
We just need to put the pavement down so that farmers like those I saw in Zambia can more easily make their way on the road to food security .
But this was a significant start .
The economic crisis arguably forced the new American rapprochement with China -LRB- the `` emerging '' power that has now emerged as the big winner from the world 's financial turmoil -RRB- .
In the new Obama world order , transatlantic relations are not the foundation , but just one of the Venn diagram 's ellipses -- as significant or insignificant as Europeans choose to make it .
In European eyes , Americans lack such sophisticated understanding , and often have no interest in acquiring it , seeing the land around and beyond Israel as populated largely by greedy oil sheikhs and dangerous religious fanatics .
And , though Europeans have lamented that fate has allocated the real power in the Middle East to their crass cousins , they have nonetheless done pretty well there , not least commercially , simply by not being American .
Time for a Post-American Europe PARIS -- As Barack Obama arrives in Sweden to collect his Nobel Prize , the celebrations expose an awful truth : Europe 's admiration for its ideal of an American president is not reciprocated .
We are entering a post-American world -- the world beyond America 's brief moment of global domination .
Whether it is the Chinese for the global economy , or Russia for nuclear disarmament , the United States will now work with whomever can help it get the results it wants -- thus ensuring that it remains the `` indispensable nation . ''
Americans understand that Europe , as the other major repository of democratic legitimacy , wealth , and military power , has great potential as a partner . Obama spelled this out during his first trip to Europe as president , at the NATO summit in April .
Thus , 20 years after the collapse of the Soviet Union , Russia spends only half what Europeans do on defense -- yet Europe still clings to the notion that its security depends on American protection .
In the same spirit , Europeans resolutely refuse to accept that the US might legitimately have different geopolitical interests -- so that when US policies diverge from their own , Europeans assume that the Americans simply got it wrong , and that they clearly need Europe 's wise advice to set them straight .
From America 's perspective , this can often be advantageous .
America can take its time deciding on a new strategy in Afghanistan without considering European views , despite the presence of more than 30,000 European troops in the country .
It can be addressed only when Europeans take stock of the way the world is changing , decide that allowing others to determine the future world order is less than optimal , and develop the attitudes and behaviors of a post-American Europe .
This requires a Europe that knows its own mind , so that it can approach the US -- and the rest of the world -- with a clearer eye and a harder head .
When they do , they will stand a better chance of asserting their own interests -- and of acting as a more committed and influential partner for the US on the many international issues where European and American interests coincide .
But so low are American expectations that they scarcely care .
Post-American Europeans need to shake off their habitual deference and complacency towards the US -- or reconcile themselves to deserved American indifference .
So , what are Americans obsessed with at this critical moment ?
I believe that Americans ' obsession with Suleman is a projection of their own guilt and shame at their recent choices .
Right now , Americans are staggering from the reality of what they themselves have done .
The real estate bubble inflated and collapsed partly because millions of Americans borrowed more than they could afford to repay -- and knew it .
It takes nothing away from the pain of those now losing their houses to notice that something oddly American and a bit perverse happened : millions of Americans were seduced by fantasies of a beautiful big house , vague about their own plans for the future , and yet full ofcrazy confidencethat it would all somehow work out . American optimism became as much a curse as a blessing .
The credit freeze is partly the work of bankers and hedge fund managers who acted just like Nadya Suleman , leveraging the present for an unrealizable future . But it is also the result of ordinary Americans , who ran up more credit card debt than any previous generation .
In the mall , or at home on the Internet , Americans acted like Nadya Suleman , too : seduced by the bag , the shoes , the beauty treatments , the vacations , and the life that the stars they admire take for granted .
The manageable , honorable American Dream of the 1950 's -- a decent , affordable college education ; a small house of one 's own ; hope that one 's children will be better off than oneself -- was misplaced in the last decade and a half .
In the new , reality-show version of that dream , countless Americans came to expect to be able to live , look , dance , and party like celebrities , or else feel themselves to be failures .
That is the American Dream that Nadya Suleman bought into , and , in their obsession with her , Americans are coming to grips with how seriously they went astray .
Indeed , a strange sense of relief is now creeping into Americans ' consciousness as the consumer economy grinds to a halt .
This version of feminism -- the notion that women can claim equality and still have a valued role in the home , prize family above all , and view rights in the context of community and spirituality -- seems like a much-needed corrective to some of Western feminism 's shortcomings .
Moreover , intellectually , these women remind us that Western feminism did not have to evolve the way it did , and can still change and grow to embrace a more satisfying and humane definition of equality .
Feminism and the Male Brain NEW YORK -- North Americans of my generation grew up with the 1970 's children 's record `` Free to Be ... You and Me , '' on which Rosey Grier , an immense former football star , sang `` It 's Alright to Cry . ''
But many educators have begun to argue that such intervention in what may be a hardwired aspect of `` boy-ness '' can lead to boys ' academic underperformance relative to girls , and to more frequent diagnoses of behavioral problems , attention deficit disorder , and so on .
Gurian argues that men 's brains can actually feel invaded and overwhelmed by too much verbal processing of emotion , so that men 's need to zone out or do something mechanical rather than emote is often not a rejection of their spouses , but a neural need .
Gurian even posits that the male brain actually ca n't `` see '' dust or laundry piling up as the female brain often can , which explains why men and women tend to perform household tasks in different ways .
One can see the advantages to children of having both parenting styles .
But it may mean we can understand each other a bit better and be more patient as we seek communication .
But it does suggest that a more pluralistic society , open to all kinds of difference , can learn , work , and love better .
Street protest , if it can sustain itself for more than that crucial first week , has an effect that is both tactical and emotional ; mass protest during the French Revolution made it clear to the courtiers that this rebellion would be too profound to quell in the usual manner ; street protests in the American colonies , in the face of arrest or worse , made the colonies ungovernable even before George III waged a costly , unpopular war .
According to King , disruptive mass protest exposes the tension that has been hidden or ignored , so that it can be addressed .
What the West can do is apply pressure on Iran -- and on other governments in the future -- to assure and account for the safety of protesters .
In this crisis , the US president should form a united front with human rights groups , which can advise him exactly how to follow , sustain , and support those Iranians who have been or may yet be arrested , or worse .
If there is to be a genuine review of the accusations against these detainees , how can it be known in advance that the third category will be required ?
Furthermore , Obama 's Justice Department has invoked Bush 's argument that the State Secrets Act bars evidence about torture from being disclosed , which means that anyone who was tortured can never appear in court .
According to Wells Dixon , a lawyer at the Center for Constitutional Rights who represents some of the detainees , the Obama administration can not risk calling the torture practices crimes , so it calls them `` classified sources and methods '' that can not be revealed in court . `` I ca n't even tell you about the way my clients were tortured or I will be prosecuted , '' he says .
In fact , even the explanation of why this material is classified can not be reproduced , because it is privileged .
Because Dixon has a security clearance , he can not discuss those classified `` sources and methods . ''
Their interiors resemble the inside of a smooth plastic jar ; there are no hard edges ; hooks fold down ; there is no bedding that one can use to strangle oneself .
It is worth considering how easy it would be to do away with a troublesome prisoner being force-fed by merely adjusting the calorie level . If it is too low , the prisoner will starve , but too high a level can also kill , since deliberate liquid overfeeding by tube , to which Guantánamo prisoners have reported being subjected , causes vomiting , diarrhea , and deadly dehydration that can stop one 's heart .
Binyam Mohamed told the Associated Press that al-Hanashi was a positive person -LRB- and , one can assume , a natural leader -RRB- who would never consider suicide .
The fact that no one can answer this question yet means that even in Barack Obama 's America , as in Stalin 's Russia or Ahmadinejad 's Iran , people can simply be disappeared without trial .
Some right-wing American bloggers recently twisted an article that I wrote in a way that did just that .
I wrote that many women activists in Muslim countries tend to emphasize issues such as honor killings , legal inequality , and lack of access to education , and that they express frustration that the obsession among Westerners with Muslim women 's clothing can come at the expense of these concerns .
Though she can no longer practice journalism directly , Princess Rym is also co-founding new Jordanian journalism school .
According to her account , a woman can be killed for `` laughing at a joke in the street , wearing makeup or a short skirt ... or being raped by a brother . ''
These women are exactly the kind of leaders that everyone should be cultivating and supporting , rather than overlooking because of a belief that they can not exist in the Middle East .
Second , news outlets will have to be interactive : they should regularly teach citizens op-ed writing , for example , so that editors can receive a truly diverse set of submissions -- well sourced , well written , and well argued -- from people from all walks of life .
Almost from her first appearance in the public eye , Michelle Obama has used clothing , etiquette , and such cues as where she shops and entertains to send out a subtle but radical message to American voters and to the world .
It was not an earth-shattering policy revelation when she astutely followed reports of Sarah Palin 's $ 150,000 wardrobe by remarking casually on a late-night talk show that she was wearing a chain-store brand , and that `` you can get lots of cute things online . ''
When I worked on messaging for Al Gore 's 2000 presidential campaign , I often argued with white , older , affluent , male advisers who cared intensely about what was said in the elite media but ignored the popular venues to which most Americans pay attention .
They had learned nothing from the right , whose candidates knew how powerful the right colors , clothing , imagery , and even lighting can be , and how strongly personal narratives -- Ronald Reagan in riding boots , or George W. Bush in a flight suit -- resonate with voters .
Meanwhile , the nerdy , wonky left kept issuing data points , policy summaries , and white papers -- and generally , since Clinton , kept losing -- until a young couple showed up and understood that Americans do n't just read ; they watch .
You can tell the nation more about your values by saying where you will seek a dog for your daughters than you can through reams of unread position papers .
But there are nonetheless striking similarities in the crises that have bedeviled the two African nations . Those similarities are providing Zimbabwe 's citizens with the hope that they may soon see the back of Mugabe .
Moreover , like his West African counterpart , Mugabe has presided over a decaying economy and a restless population .
Bush expressed satisfaction with the mediating role played by South African President Thabo Mbeki , whose ineffectual `` quiet diplomacy '' has left Zimbabweans both weary and suspicious .
In an emotional address during a ceremony earlier this month to commemorate heroes of Zimbabwe 's war of liberation from white minority rule , Mugabe warned the opposition : `` Those who would go together with our enemies abroad can not at the same time want to march alongside us as our partners in the nation-building efforts that are underway . ''
Mr. Mugabe routinely denounces the MDC as `` the enemy , '' claiming that the party is controlled by the British and American governments , who are allegedly hell-bent on re-colonizing Zimbabwe .
He may have had more than the departing Taylor in mind when he said , `` It has indeed been a shameful thing that , as Africans , we have killed ourselves for such a long time . ''
It is to be hoped that Taylor 's departure heralds the beginning of a new African era , in which Africa 's rulers stop protecting the continent 's dictators because they would rather incur the wrath of faceless citizens than expel a dictator from among their ranks .
International rules bind the US and limit America 's freedom of action , but they also serve American interests by binding others to observable rules and norms as well .
Moreover , opportunities for foreigners to raise their voice and influence American policies constitute an important incentive for being part of an alliance with the US .
No country can rule out unilateral action in cases that involve its very survival .
Some multilateral initiatives also are recipes for inaction , or are contrary to American values .
However , some transnational issues are inherently multilateral and can not be managed without the help of other countries .
Without cooperation , the problem is beyond American control .
Not only does this comport with the preferences of the American public - polls show that two-thirds of Americans prefer multilateral actions to unilateral ones - but it has practical implications as well .
Finally , in choosing between multilateral and unilateral tactics , Americans must consider the effects of the decision on its soft power , which can be destroyed by excessive unilateralism and arrogance .
American foreign policy should have a general preference for multilateralism , but not all forms multilateralism .
When the US does so in pursuit of public goods that benefit others as well as Americans , the nature of America 's ends may substitute for the means in making US power acceptable in the eyes of others .
Because they often involve citizens who are well placed in the domestic politics of several countries , they can focus the attention of media and governments onto their issues , creating new transnational political coalitions .
In these circumstances , governments can no longer maintain the barriers to information flows that historically protected officials from outside scrutiny .
Such campaigns sometimes succeed because they can credibly threaten to damage the value of global brand names .
Others lack credibility among moderate citizens but can mobilize demonstrations that demand the attention of governments .
Sometimes leaders think that vision can solve most of their problems , but the wrong vision -- or an overly ambitious vision -- can do damage .
The vision that Martin Luther King , Jr. , expressed in his `` I Have a Dream '' speech , for example , was deeply rooted not only in America 's professed values of equality and inclusion , but also in African-Americans ' experience of subordination and exclusion .
At the same time , the pressure to articulate a vision can get a leader into difficulty .
Leaders of social movements can call forth larger visions than public officials can .
A movement leader can promote a vision that is miles ahead of his followers , while a prime minister with multiple objectives and responsibilities must maintain a continuous dialogue with the public , which keeps him or her from moving too far ahead of citizens .
Anyone can produce a wish list , but effective visions combine inspiration with feasibility .
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930 's , Merkel has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro .
Only close civilian cooperation in intelligence sharing , police work across borders , tracing financial flows , and working to pre-clear cargo manifests and passenger lists can cope with such a threat .
It squandered American soft power , diverted attention from Afghanistan and Al Qaeda , and created a danger that Iraq may become a haven for terrorists .
Senator John Kerry , the Democratic candidate , has accused President George W. Bush of neglecting and offending America 's allies , particularly in Europe .
Anti-Americanism is not new in Europe , but views of America have generally been more positive in the past .
Admiration for American values does not mean , of course , that others want to imitate all the ways Americans implement them .
Despite all the rhetoric about `` old '' and `` new '' Europe , at the end of the Cold War opinion surveys showed that two-thirds of Czechs , Poles , Hungarians , and Bulgarians perceived the US as a good influence on their respective countries , but fewer than a quarter wanted to import American economic models .
Popular culture can often be an important source of `` soft '' power .
Simple items like blue jeans , cola , or Hollywood movies helped produce favorable outcomes in at least two of the most important American objectives after 1945 .
The dollars invested by the Marshall Plan helped achieve US objectives in reconstructing Europe , but so did the ideas transmitted by American popular culture .
Today , about two-thirds of the people polled in ten European countries say they admire America for its popular culture and progress in science and technology , but only a third think the spread of American customs in their country is a good idea .
The US does n't have to make others look like little Americans , but it does have to live up to its core values in order to use its soft power effectively .
America is not perfect , but as long as it abides by its core values , it can overcome its mistakes and regain its soft power in democratic countries .
The US , in these leaders ' view , can act without the world 's applause .
Moreover , while America 's status as the world 's sole superpower is a structural fact , wise policies can soften the sharp edges of this reality .
Democracy can not be imposed in any reasonable time by force alone .
The irony is that it was the US that built some of the longest lasting alliances and institutions the modern world has seen , and that were central to American power for over half a century .
The American strategy was management through autocratic leaders , and a `` do n't rock the boat '' approach .
In August 2003 , US National Security Advisor Condoleeza Rice argued that `` much as a democratic Germany became a linchpin of a new Europe that is today whole , free , and at peace , so a transformed Iraq can become a key element in a very different Middle East in which the ideologies of hate will not flourish . ''
But both were relatively homogeneous societies with significant middle classes and no organized resistance to American occupation . Yet both transitions still took nearly a decade .
Since the Middle East 's autocratic regimes destroyed their liberal oppositions , in many countries radical Islamists represent the only dissent , feeding on widespread resentment of corrupt regimes , opposition to American policies , and popular fears of modernization and globalization .
The Arab world , too , can develop intellectuals , social groups , and eventually countries with liberal economies and societies that are consistent with local cultures .
Equally important will be whether Western countries cooperate to create a long-term strategy of cultural and educational exchanges that can help develop a richer and more open civil society in Middle Eastern countries .
The most effective advocates for democratic change are not American or European officials , but citizens of the region who understand Western virtues as well as flaws - and can adapt them to indigenous conditions to press for social change .
But governments also have an important role to play . By supporting the teaching of foreign languages and financing student exchanges , they can help people in the region accomplish their own goals as spelled out in the Arab Human Development Report .
But getting there requires American policies that are consistent with the comprehensive approach that democratic transformation requires .
In that sense , President Bush won half his argument : preventive force can be justified , but not unilaterally .
Critics complain that this approach places too much trust in a Security Council that can be paralyzed by politics and the veto .
No single report can create a more secure world , but those who support that goal must hope that governments and their publics will consider seriously the Panel 's recommendations .
Rising anti-Americanism around the world threatens to deprive the US of the soft or attractive power that it needs to succeed in the struggle against terrorism .
As Iraq has shown , hard military power alone can not provide a solution .
This office has subsequently been left vacant or , for two of the past four years , filled on only an interim basis .
Corporations , foundations , universities , and other non-profit organizations can promote much of the work of developing an open civil society . Companies and foundations can offer technology to help modernize Arab educational systems and take them beyond rote learning .
Foundations can support the development of institutions of American studies in Muslim countries , or programs that enhance journalistic professionalism . They can support the teaching of English and finance student exchanges .
There has also been an impressive outpouring of private support by American charities and non-profit organizations .
Bush 's prior announcements of increased development assistance and stronger efforts to combat HIV\/AIDS in Africa were not only moral imperatives , but also important investments in American soft power .
That means that Condoleezza Rice 's chief task as Secretary of State will be to make American foreign policy more consultative in style as she seeks a political solution in Iraq and progress on Middle East peace .
Such rhetoric is not new to American presidents .
Analysts such as John Mearsheimer of the University of Chicago have flatly proclaimed that China can not rise peacefully , and predict that `` the United States and China are likely to engage in an intense security competition with considerable potential for war . ''
We will not know for some time , but the debaters should recall Thucydides ' warning more than two millennia ago that belief in the inevitability of conflict can become one of its main causes .
China is a long way from posing the kind of challenge to American preponderance that the Kaiser 's Germany posed when it surpassed Britain in the years leading up to World War I.
Moreover , simple projections of economic growth trends can mislead .
But it would be unlikely to win such a war , and prudent policy on both sides can make such a war unlikely .
If China 's rise remains peaceful , it promises great benefits to its own people and to its neighbors -- and to Americans .
Moreover , the political rhetoric of `` evil '' and `` war '' that mobilizes Americans seems alien to those who prefer a managerial approach .
As Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh put it during Wen 's visit , `` India and China can together reshape the world order . ''
When I first visited India as an American government official in the late 1970 's , I was struck by my Indian hosts ' fixation on gaining equal status with China .
Several factors underpin this new American attitude toward India .
Europe or China are unlikely to overtake the Americans in the next two decades .
This is the board where Europe acts as a union , and other countries like Japan and China play significant roles .
The US can not reach a trade agreement or settle anti-trust cases without the approval of the EU Commission .
No government can control outcomes without the cooperation of others .
Similarly , an American citizen carried out the worst terrorist attack in the United States before September 11 , 2001 .
As Walid Jumblatt , the Lebanese Druze leader said , `` It 's strange for me to say it , but this process of change has started because of the American invasion of Iraq . ''
Nevertheless , we can still conclude from the Iraqi experience that while the development of democracy can be aided from outside , it can not easily be imposed by force .
While it is true that Germany and Japan became democratic after American occupation , it required their total defeat in a devastating war , and a seven-year occupation .
But , in the longer term , the slow , steady progress of democratization can provide a sense of hope for moderates , creating a plausible vision of a better future -- the essence of soft power -- that undercuts the message of hate and violence promoted by the extremists .
Democratization can surely help remove some of the sources of rage that fuel terrorism , but it is only part of the solution .
He had barely won the controversial 2000 election , and polls showed the American people remained doubtful about him .
After the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , Bush found his voice and the American people rallied around his presidency .
In September 2005 , another crisis , Hurricane Katrina , probably killed at least as many Americans as the terrorist attacks in 2001 , but it had the opposite effect on Bush 's poll numbers , which dropped to an all-time low .
For one thing , the September 11 attacks were by a human enemy , and despite inadequate domestic preparations for such an event , Americans ' anger was directed outward .
But the Bush administration bears a significant share of the responsibility .
During the 2004 election campaign , Bush claimed that the new department had made Americans safer .
One of the top priorities had been the Republican plan to complete the repeal of the estate tax on the richest Americans .
Moreover , rising gasoline prices have called attention to the shortcomings of the Bush administration 's energy policy , which includes recently passed legislation that contains inadequate requirements for energy conservation . The press , meanwhile , has reported on speculation about the relationship between warmer ocean waters and the frequency of severe hurricanes , thus highlighting the low priority that the administration has given to environmental problems in general and global climate change in particular .
But that is little consolation , because they can still disrupt progress toward a stable constitutional government .
Domestic public opinion will support the use of force if people feel threatened or believe that the cause is just , but Americans have little interest in ruling over other nations .
The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely -- or even `` just as long as necessary and not one day more , '' in the clichéd language of Donald Rumsfeld -- is implausible .
Academic and scientific exchanges during the Cold War played a significant role in enhancing American soft power .
American films , for example , include sex , violence , and materialism , but that is not the whole story .
They also portray American life as open , mobile , individualistic , anti-establishment , pluralist , populist , and free .
Some popular music lyrics can have political effects .
Cultural messages can also be conveyed by the way that sports teams or stars conduct themselves , or in the multiple images purveyed by television or cinema .
Even the consumption of fast food can make an implicit statement .
Although the Soviet Union restricted and censored Western films , those that made it through had devastating political effects . As one Soviet journalist commented after a restricted showing of films that were critical of American nuclear weapons policies , `` They absolutely shocked us ... We began to understand that the same thing would happen to us as to them in a nuclear war . ''
Czech Communist officials sentenced a group of young people to prison in the 1950 's for playing tapes of `` decadent American music , '' but their efforts turned out to be counter-productive .
Not all of the sources of soft power were American -- witness the role of the BBC and the Beatles .
But even in Iran , where the ruling mullahs describe America as `` the great Satan , '' the young want to watch American videos in the privacy of their homes .
Polls in the Muslim world show that American culture remains attractive to the moderate majority .
It is American policies that have led to America 's unpopularity .
Large expatriate communities in the US -- 2.4 million Chinese and 1.7 million Indians -- have increased interest in their home countries among other Americans .
Oil provides somewhat less economic power than gas because it is a fungible commodity , and interruptions of supply can be made up by purchases on world markets .
But gas is expensive to transport , for it depends on costly pipelines or gas liquefaction facilities that can not be replaced quickly when flows are interrupted .
However , in cases where buyers and sellers are not equally dependent upon the relationship , the greater vulnerability of the more dependent party can be used as a source of coercive power by the less dependent party .
Diplomacy backed by military threat can reduce the number further .
Some failed states are so chaotically organized that they can not be deterred from providing a haven for terrorists .
Multilateral cooperation is possible in tracing financial flows , which can help to deprive terrorists of resources as well as provide useful information .
Information sharing can also be enhanced by devoting more resources to under-funded organizations like Interpol .
Working to raise the thresholds that terrorists must overcome requires a systemic approach , since plugging one hole can simply divert terrorists to others .
Our societies are as vulnerable as the weakest international link . It makes no sense to beef up airport security in London if a terrorist can enter the system easily in , say , Rome or Lagos .
Terrorists can obtain microbes and viruses from inadequately protected foreign laboratories , or by bribing underpaid scientists in the remnants of the Russian biological warfare system , or from natural sources .
Yet , while the US spends only about 1 % of its federal budget on foreign affairs , an effective counter-terrorism strategy can not be divorced from all the dimensions of foreign policy .
He announced a program of energy research that would reduce American oil imports from the Middle East by 75 % over the next two decades .
Americans are not alone in worrying about oil as a security problem .
When the dust settled , it turned out that American , Dutch , and other importers all suffered roughly the same degree of shortfall and paid the same damaging high price .
In the meantime , China 's mercantilist misunderstanding of markets means that it often overpays for what it mistakenly thinks is energy security .
But over half the oil Americans use goes for driving cars and trucks .
Oil was not the cause of the Iraq War in the simplistic sense that American control of Iraqi oil would make it more secure .
The good news is that Rumsfeld is beginning to realize that the struggle against terrorism can not be won by hard military power alone .
This does not mean that Rumsfeld 's Pentagon is irrelevant to American soft power .
Military force is sometimes treated as synonymous with hard power , but the same resource can sometimes contribute to soft power .
A well-run military can be a source of attraction , and military cooperation and training programs can establish transnational networks that enhance a country 's soft power .
But the misuse of military resources can also undercut soft power .
Brutality and indifference to `` just war '' principles of discrimination and proportionality can also destroy legitimacy .
The efficiency of the initial American military invasion of Iraq in 2003 created admiration in the eyes of some foreigners .
We can not win unless the moderates win .
We can not win unless the number of people the extremists recruit is lower than the number we kill and deter .
These are the dangers that lead some to contemplate air strikes to destroy Iran 's nuclear facilities before they can make weapons .
At the same time , however , Iran knows how costly it would be for the Americans -LRB- and perhaps the Israelis -RRB- to use force , which reduces the effect of the threat .
Iran has threatened to leave the NPT if sanctions are imposed , and Russia and China worry that even modest targeted sanctions could escalate and ultimately legitimize an American use of force that they wish to avoid .
This would mean abandoning the temptations of coercive regime change that hamstrung American diplomacy in Bush 's first term .
Globalization , which can be defined as interdependence at inter-continental distances , is as old as human history .
Now , virtually anyone can enter an Internet café and enjoy a capability that was once available only to governments , multinational corporations , and a few individuals or organizations with large budgets .
While the American and Chinese economies are highly interdependent today , so , too , were Germany and Britain before 1914 .
On September 11 , 2001 , a non-state network killed more Americans in a surprise attack than the government of Japan did at Pearl Harbor in 1941 .
China 's President Hu Jintao urged progress in the stalled talks so that `` the entire Korean peninsula can be denuclearized . ''
It could use force , and some officials have argued that if North Korea launched a war in response to a limited American air strike , Kim would lose his regime .
Thus , South Korea , together with China , would likely react strongly against an American air strike .
A non-governmental group killed more Americans that day than the government of Japan did with its surprise attack on another transformative date , December 7 , 1941 .
But the Americans used a modest amount of force to remove the Taliban government , avoided disproportionate civilian casualties , and were able to create an indigenous political framework .
Jihadi extremism can not be defeated unless the mainstream wins .
Some believe that China can not rise peacefully , and will seek hegemony in East Asia , leading to conflict with the United States and Japan .
A decade ago , I oversaw preparation of the US Pentagon 's East Asian Strategy Report , which has guided American policy under the Clinton and Bush administrations .
China is a long way from posing the kind of challenge to American preponderance that the Kaiser 's Germany posed when it surpassed Britain at the beginning of the twentieth century .
But it would be unlikely to win such a war , and prudent policy on all sides can make such a war unlikely .
American interests rest on regional stability and continued growth in trade and investment .
At the same time , the US can be cautious about involving Japan in Taiwan issues -- a neuralgic point for China -- while encouraging the development of Asian institutions that increase contacts and dampen conflict .
This can include the development of the East Asian Summit , revival of the Asian Pacific Economic Cooperation -LRB- APEC -RRB- , and the evolution of the current six-party talks on North Korea into a permanent Northeast Asia Security Dialogue .
Its focus was on Western Europe , and , as one joke went , it was designed to keep the Russians out , the Germans down , and the Americans in .
This became particularly important after the Al Qaeda attacks on September 11 , 2001 , shifted the focus of American foreign policy toward transnational terrorism .
Because they train together , NATO countries can operate effectively even when not all members of the organization are officially involved .
Europe split over the American invasion of Iraq , and there is no political will to involve NATO there .
It is difficult to see how NATO can succeed in stabilizing Afghanistan unless it is willing to commit more troops and give commanders more flexibility .
Governments in Europe and the US are concerned about budget problems , but in a larger perspective , providing significantly greater resources to Afghanistan now may turn out to save more funds later .
Few people are focused on saving NATO from a significant failure in its first major test outside of Europe .
Now Bush will increase the number of American troops in Baghdad and Anbar Province and try to stabilize both the rising sectarian civil war and the Sunni insurgency .
But because Rumsfeld wanted to prove a point about transforming American military strategy , and his neo-conservative advisors had ideological blinders that distorted their appraisal of Iraqi reality , Shinseki 's advice was rejected .
The new American operational commander in Iraq , Lt. General Raymond Odierno , says that the new efforts will be more evenhanded among Sunni and Shiite neighborhoods , and American troops will stay alongside Iraqi troops in areas that have been cleared .
He hopes that with a few months , he can then withdraw American troops to the periphery of Baghdad and leave the policing of the capital to Iraqi forces .
But this assumes that Iraqi forces are up to the task , and that Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki 's government , which rests upon Shiite militia support , can play a competent and evenhanded role .
If Bush 's new military plan is a temporary step to buy time to move in the direction of the Iraq Study Group 's proposals of training Iraqi forces and gradually withdrawing American forces , there may be something to be said for it as one last chance , but only if it is accompanied by the diplomatic advice that the study group also suggested .
The US can not leave Iraq precipitously , but neither can it solve the problem on its own .
Only more politics and diplomacy can salvage US policy .
The optimistic view is that property rights are becoming more deeply anchored than they were in the past , and that Russia 's future will depend on how fast a middle class with a stake in law-based government can be created .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice declared in 2005 that `` the fundamental character of regimes matters more today than the international distribution of power , '' and Senator John McCain , a US presidential candidate , has urged removing Russia from the Group of Eight advanced countries .
Moreover , Russia possesses talented people , technology , and resources that can help to meet new challenges like climate change or the spread of pandemic diseases .
Most demographers expect Russia 's population to shrink significantly over the coming decades .
Finally , while one can understand a former superpower 's temptation to seize its opportunity to return to a muscular foreign policy , Russia 's bullying in the energy area is destroying trust and undercutting Russia 's soft power in other countries .
American Foreign Policy after Iraq
American Foreign Policy after Iraq What comes after Iraq ?
If President George W. Bush 's current troop `` surge '' fails to produce an outcome that can be called `` victory , '' what lessons will the United States draw for its future foreign policy ?
A decade later , with the Cold War 's end , the new conventional wisdom was that the world was a unipolar American hegemony .
But on the middle board of economic relations , the world is already multipolar , and the US can not obtain the outcomes it wants without the cooperation of Europe , Japan , China , and others .
And , on the bottom board of transnational issues outside the control of governments -- including everything from climate change to pandemics to transnational terrorism -- power is chaotically distributed , and it makes no sense at all to claim American hegemony .
Americans now view cooperative action on global climate change more favorably .
Similarly , the threat of pandemics means that Americans may come to recognize the importance of a stronger World Health Organization , just as the problem of nuclear proliferation is increasing awareness of the importance of the International Atomic Energy Agency .
These are not problems you can leave overseas . They follow you home .
It also is unlikely that American foreign policy will return to a narrow realism and drop all emphasis on democracy and human rights .
While the Iraq War discredited the idea of coercive democratization , both Republicans and Democrats have a strong strand of idealism in their foreign policy orientations .
Americans will need to find ways to assert their narrative of democracy , freedom , and rights in a manner that respects diversity and the views of others .
The Coming Revival in French-American Relations
The Coming Revival in French-American Relations With the American invasion of Iraq in 2003 , French-American relations reached a low point .
Despite a long history of alliance dating back to the American Revolution and including two world wars , France has always had a somewhat ambivalent attitude toward the US , and the Iraq War was not the first time that a controversial security policy undercut America 's attractiveness in France .
In addition , France has long had a strand of cultural anti-Americanism .
Some conservatives disliked the crude egalitarianism of American culture , while some on the left saw America 's faith in markets as a symbol of capitalist exploitation of the working class .
After World War II , France banned Coca-Cola for a time , and , more recently , the farmer José Bové became a folk hero by destroying a McDonald 's restaurant . But the French still flock to McDonald 's and to theaters playing American movies , despite limits on their import .
While such ambivalence will not change , French-American relations are likely to improve no matter which of the three leading candidates prevails in the final round of voting on May 6 , in part owing to Chirac 's exit .
In fact , French-American relations have already begun to improve , as both sides realized that their pubic dispute was damaging their interests .
The exit of some of the most strident neo-conservatives in the Bush administration over the past year has also helped , and with growing opposition to the Iraq War , some Americans are beginning to think that the French may have had a point after all .
Of the three major candidates , the conservative Nicolas Sarkozy has expressed the most pro-American views and traveled to Washington for a photo opportunity with Bush .
He told a Washington audience that anti-Americanism was an elite indulgence not shared by the French at large .
`` The truth is that the French listen to Madonna , just as they used to love listening to Elvis and Sinatra , '' Sarkozy said . `` And all French parents dream of sending their child to an American university . ''
In response , an advisor to the socialist candidate Ségolène Royal labeled Sarkozy `` an American neo-conservative with a French passport . ''
But while Royal has been careful to placate her socialist base , she has also talked about the need for market reforms in the French economy , and taken some foreign policy positions on Iran and Turkey that are closer to the American view than are Sarkozy 's .
The centrist candidate , former education minister François Bayrou , for his part , has relatives in the US and has called for a `` third way '' in French politics analogous to the paths forged by Bill Clinton and Tony Blair .
All three candidates support Chirac 's opposition to the Iraq War , will protect French agriculture in global trade negotiations , and will promote French leadership in Europe .
Despite French voters ' rejection of a new constitution for the European Union in 2005 -LRB- in part a protest vote against Chirac -RRB- , all three candidates recognize that the EU has been an important means to enhance French power in world affairs .
French leaders often like to be seen resisting American pressure before striking a compromise and cooperating in a manner that serves both French and American interests .
Whatever the outcome of the French election , French-American relations are likely to remain on a steady course , and may well improve further after the US presidential election 2008 .
America and Global Public Goods America is currently transfixed with the problem it has created for itself in Iraq , but the presidential candidates are also beginning to ask what principles should guide United States foreign policy after Iraq .
In my view , a focus on global public goods -- things everyone can consume without diminishing their availability to others -- could help America reconcile its preponderant power with others ' interests .
Of course , pure public goods are rare . Most only partially approach the ideal case of clean air , where none can be excluded and all can benefit simultaneously .
America can learn from the lesson the nineteenth century , when Great Britain was a preponderant power and took the lead in maintaining the balance of power between Europe 's major states , promoting an open international economic system , and maintaining freedom of the seas .
A reasonable consensus in American public opinion supports ensuring both these and the `` classic '' global public goods , even if the US has failed to lead on some issues , notably global climate .
Protectionist trade measures often hurt poor countries most , and foreign assistance is generally unpopular with the American public .
Finally , as a preponderant power , the US can provide an important public good by acting as a mediator and convener .
It is sometimes tempting to let intractable conflicts fester , and there are some situations where other countries can play the mediator 's role more effectively .
Even when the US does not want to take the lead , it can share leadership with others , such as with Europe in the Balkans .
But often the US is the only country that can bring parties together .
When successful , such leadership increases American soft power while reducing sources of instability .
The US can also encourage other countries to share in production of such public goods .
Three decades ago , the radical left used the term `` American empire '' as an epithet .
Now that same term has come out of the closet : analysts on both the left and right now use it to explain - if not guide - American foreign policy .
The American military has a global reach , with bases around the world , and its regional commanders sometimes act like proconsuls .
The US economy is the largest in the world , and American culture serves as a magnet .
But the problem with the metaphor is that it implies a degree of American control that is unrealistic , and reinforces the prevailing strong temptations towards unilateralism in both the US Congress and parts of the Bush administration .
On the bottom chessboard of transnational relations , power is chaotically dispersed , and it makes no sense to use traditional terms such as unipolarity , hegemony , or American empire .
So those who recommend an imperial US foreign policy based on traditional military descriptions of American power are woefully misguided .
Those who promote the idea of an American empire also misunderstand the underlying nature of American public opinion and institutions .
Will the American public tolerate an imperial role ?
Unlike Britain , imperialism has never been a comfortable experience for Americans , and only a small share of its military occupations led directly to the establishment of democracies .
American empire is not constrained by economics : the US devoted a much higher percentage of its GDP to military spending during the Cold War than it does today .
In fact , the problem of creating an American empire might better be termed imperial underreach .
Goodbye to Going It Alone A key lesson that the next American president will take away from the experiences of the Bush administration is certain to be that multilateralism matters .
Notions of American hegemony and unilateral responses make little sense when most of the serious challenges that countries face today -- problems like climate change , pandemics , financial stability , and terrorism -- fall outside the control of even the largest countries .
The United Nations can play an important role in helping to legitimize and implement agreements among countries , but even its closest friends admit that its large size , rigid regional blocs , formal diplomatic procedures , and cumbersome bureaucracy often impede consensus As one sage put it , the problem for multilateral organizations is `` how to get everyone into the act and still get action . ''
They can not afford to attend multiple summits for each transnational issue .
Moreover , a variable geometry of attendance at meetings might weaken the development of a personal chemistry and the breadth of bargaining that can arise when the same group of leaders meets regularly to discuss a broader range of subjects .
Marcos de Azambuja , former secretary-general of Brazil 's Foreign Ministry , agrees that international life can not be managed solely or primarily by vast assemblies of nearly 200 states with enormous disparities in their political and economic weight .
How can informality be preserved and the size of meetings be restricted ?
Prolonged negotiations and gridlock are not acceptable , because today 's most serious problems can not wait for perfect institutional solutions .
Today , many self-styled realists dismiss the United Nations as powerless , and argue that it can be ignored .
With no forces of its own and a relatively tiny budget , the UN has only as much hard power as it can borrow from its member states .
For example , the UN could not prevent the invasion of Iraq in 2003 , but the absence of its imprimatur greatly raised the costs to the American and British governments .
Some American leaders then tried to de-legitimize the UN and called for an alternative alliance of democracies .
The Fear Factor in US-China Relations Opinion polls indicate that one-third of Americans believe that China will `` soon dominate the world , '' while nearly half view China 's emergence as a `` threat to world peace . ''
Americans and Chinese must avoid such exaggerated fears .
In such circumstances , seemingly small events can trigger an unforeseen and disastrous chain reaction .
The same day , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates criticized China for unexpectedly curtailing American ship visits to Chinese ports because of American arms sales to Taiwan .
According to Gates , he had told Chinese officials that American arms sales were consistent with past policy and that `` as long as they continued to build up their forces on their side of the Taiwan Strait , we would continue to give Taiwan the resources necessary to defend itself . ''
They are wrong , but such suspicions can feed a climate of enmity .
While we can not be sure how China will evolve , it makes no sense to foreclose the prospect of a better future .
The US-Japan security alliance means China can not play a `` Japan card . ''
If the overall climate is one of distrust , what looks like a hedge to one side can look like a threat to the other .
Americans and Chinese must avoid letting exaggerated fears create a self-fulfilling prophecy .
As for other parts of the world , a recent Pew poll found that many Europeans would like Europe to play a larger role , but to balance American military power would require a doubling or tripling of defense spending , and few Europeans are interested in such an increase .
The US can not reach a trade agreement or settle anti-trust cases without the approval of the EU .
Europe can contribute significantly to China 's integration into global norms and institutions .
The third major determinant of which scenario prevails will be American power and how it is used .
American military might is not adequate to deal with threats such as global pandemics , climate change , terrorism , and international crime .
No part of the world shares more values or has a greater capacity to influence American attitudes and power than does Europe .
The Next American Leader
The Next American Leader Cambridge &#45; &#45; The American presidential race commands attention around the world .
The fact that the final three contenders included a woman , an African-American , and an older man who often challenged his own party suggests that the United States , after a decline in popularity during the Bush years , retains a capacity to reinvent itself .
The Pentagon reports that American army drillmasters do `` less shouting at everyone , '' because today 's generation responds better to instructors who play `` a more counseling-type role . ''
Hard and soft power can reinforce or undermine each other .
Leaders and Managers CAMBRIDGE -- For the first time in decades , a United States senator will become the next American president as all three of the remaining candidates -- Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama , and John McCain -- are members of the Senate .
But can they manage an executive branch employing millions ?
Good leaders construct teams that combine these functions , making sure to hire subordinates who can compensate for the leader 's managerial deficiencies .
Successful leaders combine these skills so that unfiltered bad news can reach them and be acted upon promptly .
The list is long , but they might best be thought of as `` housekeeping '' issues : many a couple can quarrel over them without contemplating divorce .
For example , some Japanese complain that China receives far more attention than Japan in the American election campaign .
The real guarantee of American resolve to defend Japan is the presence of US troops and bases , and cooperation on issues -- such as ballistic missile defense -- aimed at protecting both Americans and Japanese .
A recent poll indicates that one-third of Americans believe that China will `` soon dominate the world , '' while 54 % see its emergence as a `` threat to world peace . ''
By reinforcing their alliance , the US and Japan can hedge against uncertainty while at the same time offering China integration into global institutions as a `` responsible stakeholder . ''
In general , transnational threats such as climate change or pandemics can cause damage on a scale equivalent to military conflict . -LRB- In 1918 , avian flu killed more people than died in World War I -RRB- .
American relations with Japan and China remain strong , and he has greatly enhanced the United States ' ties with India , the world 's second most populous country .
Personal contacts between Indians and Americans have increased greatly .
Trade between India and American is increasing , and reached $ 26 billion -LRB- 11 % of India 's total trade -RRB- in 2006 .
As Singh put it during Wen 's visit , `` India and China can together reshape the world order . ''
The writer Robert Kaplan points to the birth of a new `` warrior class as cruel as ever and better armed '' ranging from Russian Mafiosi and Latin American drug kingpins to terrorists who glorify violence just as ancient Greeks did in the sacking of Troy .
Thus far , no leadership gene has been identified , and studies of identical and fraternal male twins find that only a third of their difference in occupying formal leadership roles can be explained by genetic factors .
This definition mixes nature and nurture , and means that `` traits '' can to some extent be learned rather than merely inherited .
It will be interesting to see how these classical stereotypes play out in the American presidential competition this year .
Even if a country agrees to broad ranging IAEA inspections , it can legally accumulate enriched uranium -LRB- or reprocessed plutonium -RRB- under the guise of a peaceful energy program , and then suddenly declare that circumstances have changed and withdraw from the treaty - with the ability to produce nuclear weapons on short notice .
Not only is the US military busy trying in Iraq , but the way the US went into Iraq - which proved to have fewer nuclear capabilities than Iran - undermined American credibility , making it difficult to recruit allies to contain Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
That may change after the 2008 American election . Both presidential candidates , Barack Obama and John McCain , promise to take climate change more seriously .
But , unlike smoking , which can be discouraged through taxes and regulations , there is no global government to regulate excessive CO2 emissions , and countries are tempted to leave remedies to others .
Given that the bombs , bullets , and embargos of traditional security policy are irrelevant , what can the US and other rich countries do about this security threat ?
America 's Crisis Election CAMBRIDGE -- On November 4 , Americans will elect their 44th president amidst the worst financial turmoil the country has known since the onset of the Great Depression in 1929 . Both candidates are United States senators with little experience as executives , so their ability to manage the crisis has become a central issue in the election .
After the Republican convention , polls showed McCain ahead in early September , but after the financial meltdown , Obama took the lead .
Obama is not only the first African-American nominee of a major party , but also one of the youngest candidates ever .
McCain is a man of strong traditional values who prides himself on his willingness to act quickly and decisively , which he sought to do during the negotiations on the bailout by suspending his campaign to return to Washington . That effort appears to have backfired , because the Republicans that he leads initially balked at passing the legislation .
In 2007 , many people wrote off his campaign , but he had the skills to resurrect it and capture the Republican nomination .
American presidents are elected by an Electoral College in which each state votes in proportion to the number of members it has in Congress .
Since even the smallest states have two senators , this leads to overrepresentation of lightly populated Western states that tend to vote Republican .
Not only does the Electoral College confuse predictions based on national opinion polls , but there is also the possibility of surprises which can lead to last-minute reversals .
A mistake in a presidential debate can turn the tide of public opinion overnight , as happened to President Gerald Ford in his debate with Jimmy Carter in 1976 .
Another event that could turn the tables would be an `` October surprise '' associated with terrorism , which could switch the agenda from the financial crisis back to security , the Republicans ' stronger suit .
But Americans do not like outside interference in their elections .
When Obama attracted a crowd of 200,000 to a speech in Berlin last summer , Republicans criticized him as an elitist who appeals to crowds overseas but not to blue-collar workers at home .
On the other hand , in a September poll that asked Americans to rate a series of foreign-policy goals for the next president , 83 % ranked `` improving America 's standing in the world '' as most important .
And certainly the election of the first African-American as president would do wonders to restore the soft power that the Bush administration squandered over the past eight years .
Some people worry that Obama might be good for American soft power , but not for its hard power .
Whether that will sway American voters wary of financial turmoil on November 4 remains to be seen .
Barack Obama and American Power
Barack Obama and American Power CAMBRIDGE -- One of the first challenges that President Barack Obama will face is the effects of the ongoing financial crisis , which has called into question the future of American power .
An article in The Far Eastern Economic Review proclaims that `` Wall Street 's crack-up presages a global tectonic shift : the beginning of the decline of American power . ''
Yet the dollar , a symbol of American financial power , has surged rather than declined .
More recently , many claimed that with the rise of China and the petro-states , an American slowdown could be decoupled from the rest of the world .
Crises often refute conventional wisdom , and this one reveals that the underlying strength of the American economy remains impressive .
The World Economic Forum still rates the American economy as the world 's most competitive , owing to its labor-market flexibility , higher education , political stability , and openness to innovation .
A new forecast for 2025 being prepared by the US National Intelligence Council projects that American dominance will be `` much diminished , '' and that the one key area of continued American superiority -- military power -- will be less significant in the competitive world of the future .
This is not so much a question of American decline as `` the rise of the rest . ''
The rise of China and India may create instability , but it is a problem with precedents , and we can learn from history about how policies can affect the outcome .
A century ago , Britain managed the rise of American power without conflict , but the world 's failure to manage the rise of German power led to two devastating world wars .
In 2001 , a non-state group killed more Americans than the government of Japan killed at Pearl Harbor .
Although the US does well on the traditional measures of power , those measures increasingly fail to capture much of what defines world politics , which , owing to the information revolution and globalization , is changing in a way that prevents Americans from achieving all their international goals by acting alone .
For example , international financial stability is vital to American prosperity , but the US needs the cooperation of others to ensure it .
Global climate change , too , will affect the quality of life , but the US can not manage the problem alone .
As the world 's largest economy , American leadership will remain crucial .
The problem of American power in the wake of the financial crisis is not one of decline , but of a realization that even the most powerful country can not achieve its aims without the help of others .
Obama campaigned on a promise to withdraw American combat brigades -LRB- but not troops engaged in training and counterterrorism -RRB- from Iraq by mid-2010 .
We can not simply shoot our way out of the problem .
The paradox of American power is that the strongest country since the days of Rome can not achieve its objectives acting alone .
Obama 's election has done much to restore American `` soft '' power , but he will need to follow up with policies that combine hard and soft power into a smart strategy of the sort that won the Cold War .
Right now , Bush 's calls for democracy are heard as an imperial imposition of American institutions .
A `` liberal realist '' policy should look to the long-term evolution of world order and realize the responsibility of the international system 's strongest country to produce global public goods -- things people and governments around the world want but can not otherwise attain -- as Britain did in the nineteenth century .
The US can become a smart power by once again investing in global public goods .
In an open letter to the US president in September 2007 , American professionals in cyber defense warned that `` the critical infrastructure of the United States , including electrical power , finance , telecommunications , health care , transportation , water , defense , and the Internet , is highly vulnerable to cyber attack .
Today , an individual hacker using malicious software can cause chaos in far-away places at little cost to himself .
Terrorists , too , can exploit new vulnerabilities in cyberspace to engage in asymmetrical warfare .
Kerr described what he called `` supply chain attacks '' in which hackers not only steal proprietary information , but go further and insert erroneous data and programs in communications hardware and software -- Trojan horses that can be used to bring down systems .
Governments can hope to deter cyber attacks just as they deter nuclear or other armed attacks . But deterrence requires a credible threat of response against an attacker .
While an international legal code that defines cyber attacks more clearly , together with cooperation on preventive measures , can help , such arms-control solutions are not likely to be sufficient .
Consider Somalia back in the 1960 's . Africans used the principle of self-determination to end colonial rule .
Unlike many other African states , Somalis had roughly the same linguistic and ethnic background .
Many people were skeptical that an African-American with a strange name and little national experience could win .
In addition , his contextual intelligence about world politics has been shaped from the bottom up with experience in Indonesia and Kenya , and his understanding of American politics was shaped from the bottom up as a community organizer in Chicago .
Nelson Mandela could easily have chosen to define his group as black South Africans and sought revenge for the injustices of Apartheid and his own imprisonment .
When Obama was faced with a campaign crisis over incendiary racial remarks by his former pastor , he did not simply distance himself from the problem , but made use of the episode to deliver a speech that served to broaden the understanding and identities of both white and black Americans .
Obama will need to use both his emotional and contextual intelligence if he is to restore American leadership .
A decade ago , the conventional wisdom was that the world was a uni-polar American hegemony .
America can influence but not control other parts of the world .
America can not get the outcomes it wants in trade , antitrust , or other areas without the cooperation of the European Union , China , Japan , and others .
While Obama was hardly the first American politician to use the Internet , he was the most effective in using new technology to raise money from small donors , energize and coordinate volunteers , and convey his messages directly to voters .
In some cases , one can orchestrate a complex network simply with carefully specified contracts .
But the friction of normal life usually creates ambiguities that can not be fully met in advance .
Globalization has several dimensions , and , though economists all too often portray it and the world economy as being one and the same , other forms of globalization also have significant effects -- not all of them benign -- on our daily lives .
The effects will include stronger storms , hurricanes , and floods , deeper droughts , and more landslides .
Similarly , hard economic times may worsen relations among governments , as well as domestic conflicts that can lead to violence .
American Power and the 2004 Campaign
American Power and the 2004 Campaign
America 's presidential election campaign is heating up , and with it the debate about American power .
When I published Bound to Lead in 1990 , I predicted the continuing rise of American power .
After the collapse of the Soviet Union , some analysts described the resulting world as unipolar and saw few constraints on American power .
On this economic board , other countries often balance American power .
Those who recommend a unilateral American foreign policy based on such traditional descriptions of American power are relying on a woefully inadequate analysis .
Many of the real challenges to American power are coming not on the upper military board , on which the unilateralists concentrate , but on the lower transnational board .
At the beginning of the 21st century , these two forces increased American power , particularly the ability to influence others through attractive , or what I call `` soft '' power .
It will not dethrone English as a lingua franca , but at some point , the Asian market will loom larger than the American market .
Today 's growing global networks of interdependence are putting new items on national and international agendas ; Americans simply can not solve many of these by themselves .
In a world where borders are becoming more porous than ever to everything from drugs to infectious diseases to terrorism , Americans will be forced to work with other countries beyond their borders .
While potential coalitions to check American power may be created , it is unlikely that they will become firm alliances unless the US handles its hard coercive power in an overbearing unilateral manner that undermines its `` soft '' or attractive power .
Democracy Promotion Reconsidered Cambridge -- President George W. Bush was famous for proclaiming the promotion of democracy a central focus of American foreign policy .
Most American presidents since Woodrow Wilson have made similar statements .
So it was striking when Secretary of State Hillary Clinton testified to Congress earlier this year about the `` three D 's '' of American foreign policy -- defense , diplomacy , and development .
Elections in the absence of constitutional and cultural constraints can produce violence , as in Bosnia or the Palestinian Authority .
The word democracy came to be associated with its particular American variant , and took on an imperialist connotation .
The growth of democracy is not an American imposition , and it can take many forms .
When we live up to our own best traditions , we can stimulate emulation and create the soft power of attraction .
For example , many people both inside and outside the United States had become cynical about the American political system , arguing that it was dominated by money and closed to outsiders .
The election of Barack Hussein Obama in 2008 did a great deal to restore the soft power of American democracy .
In the climate of extreme fear that followed the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the Bush administration engaged in tortured legal interpretations of international and domestic law that tarnished American democracy and diminished its soft power .
Abraham Lincoln suspended the right of habeas corpus -- the principle that detainees are entitled to challenge their detention in a court of law -- during the Civil War , and Franklin Roosevelt interned Japanese-American citizens during the early days of World War II .
When some of the Bush administration 's more reasonable members are asked today how they could have taken the positions they did in 2002 , they cite the anthrax attacks that followed 9\/11 , the intelligence reports of an impending attack with nuclear materials , and the widespread fear of a second attack against the American people .
The ability to mobilize a group effectively is certainly an art rather than a predictive science , and varies with situations , but that does not mean that it can not be profitably studied and learned .
And artists can benefit not merely from studio courses , but also from art appreciation lessons that introduce them to the full repertoires and pallets of past masters .
But experience and intuition can be supplemented by analytics , which is the purpose of my book .
`` Know '' refers to analysis and skills , which can be trained .
Similarly , students can learn from the results of scientific studies , limited though they may be , and by studying the range of behaviors and contexts that historical episodes can illuminate .
Potential leaders , in turn , can learn more about the sources and limits of the soft-power skills of emotional IQ , vision , and communication , as well as hard-power political and organizational skills .
In the early 1990 's , many Americans regarded Japan as an economic threat .
The Japanese fear that the credibility of American extended deterrence will be weakened if the US decreases its nuclear forces to parity with China .
During the Cold War , the US was able to defend Berlin because our promise to do so was made credible by the NATO alliance and the presence of American troops , whose lives would be on the line in the event of a Soviet attack .
Indeed , the best guarantee of American extended deterrence over Japan remains the presence of nearly 50,000 American troops -LRB- which Japan helps to maintain with generous host-nation support -RRB- .
Equally important are American actions that show the high priority that the US gives to the alliance , and its guarantees not to engage in what Japan fears will be `` Japan-passing '' in its relations with Asia .
Symbols and examples can be very effective .
If one compares those images with pictures of the young insecure Gandhi dressed as a proper British lawyer , one can see how carefully he understood symbolic communication .
Organizational skills -- the ability to attract and inspire an effective inner circle of followers -- can compensate for rhetorical deficiencies , just as effective public rhetoric can partly compensate for low organizational skills .
Franklin Roosevelt used the fictional story of lending a garden hose to a neighbor whose house was on fire to explain his complex lend-lease program to the American people before World War II .
After World War II , the peninsula was divided along the lines of Cold War bipolarity , and American and UN intervention was necessary to prevent South Korea 's subjugation in the Korean War .
Sometimes , Koreans compare their country of 50 million to a neighbor like China or a superpower like the US and believe that they can not compete with such giants .
The political clout of countries such as Canada , the Netherlands , and the Scandinavian states is greater than their military and economic weight , owing to the incorporation of attractive causes such as economic aid or peacemaking in their definitions of their national interest .
According to the survey , `` The low standings are not surprising , given habitually violent clashes between governing and opposition parties over sensitive bills and unending bribery scandals involving politicians . ''
Such non-coercive use of military resources can be an important source of the soft-power behavior of framing agendas , persuading other governments , and attracting support in world politics .
Of 226 significant armed conflicts between 1945 and 2002 , less than half in the 1950 's were fought between states and armed groups .
And now technology has brought a new dimension to warfare : the prospect of cyber attacks , by which an enemy -- state or non-state -- can create enormous physical destruction -LRB- or threaten to do so -RRB- without an army that physically crosses another state 's border .
Internationally , where order is more tenuous , residual concerns about the coercive use of force , even if a low probability , can have important effects .
For example , the relative independence of the BBC , sometimes a source of consternation to British governments , has paid rich dividends in credibility , as illustrated by this account of Tanzanian President Jakaya Kikwete 's day : `` he rises at dawn , listens to the BBC World Service , then scans the Tanzanian press . ''
These programs develop what the American journalist Edward R. Murrow once called the crucial `` last three feet '' -- face-to-face communications , with the enhanced credibility that reciprocity creates .
But even the best advertising can not sell an unpopular product .
A communications strategy can not work if it cuts against the grain of policy .
Actions speak louder than words . All too often , policymakers treat public diplomacy as a bandage that can be applied after damage is done by other instruments .
Networked communications , on the other hand , can take advantage of two-way communications and peer-to-peer relations to overcome cultural differences .
Indeed , too much government control , or even the appearance of it , can undercut the credibility that such networks are designed to engender .
If it degenerates into propaganda , public diplomacy not only fails to convince , but can undercut soft power .
The US can not alone hunt down every suspected Al Qaeda leader . Nor can it launch a war whenever it wishes without alienating other countries .
American soft power will never attract Osama bin Laden and the extremists .
Only hard power can deal with them .
With the Cold War 's end , Americans became more interested in budget savings than in investing in soft power .
China 's Bad Bet Against America CAMBRIDGE -- Chinese-American relations are , once again , in a downswing .
There was ample precedent for both American decisions , but some Chinese leaders expected Obama to be more sensitive to what China sees as its `` core interests '' in national unity .
Many American congressmen , for example , complain that American jobs are being destroyed by China 's intervention in currency markets to maintain an artificially low value for the yuan .
Certain Chinese scholars are now writing about the decline of the US , with one identifying the year 2000 as the peak of American power .
Americans and others have been predicting decline regularly over the years : after the Soviets launched Sputnik in 1957 ; again when Nixon closed the gold window in 1971 ; and when the American rust-belt economy seemed to be overtaken by Japanese manufacturers in the 1980 's .
But when one looks at the underlying strength of the American economy , it is not surprising that the World Economic Forum ranks the US second -LRB- just behind Switzerland -RRB- among the most competitive , while China ranks some 30 places below .
True , if China dumped its dollars on world markets , it could bring the American economy to its knees , but in doing so it would bring itself to its ankles .
Third , despite Chinese complaints , the dollar is likely to remain the major global reserve currency , owing to the depth and breadth of America 's capital markets , which China can not match without making the yuan fully convertible and reforming its banking system .
The Health of American Politics
CAMBRIDGE -- When the United States Congress approved President Barack Obama 's plan to extend health-care coverage to nearly all Americans , it marked the most important social legislation the country had seen since the 1960 's .
While Republican opposition remains strong , the law was a major domestic political victory for Obama .
After all , it was once widely asserted that an African-American without a political machine could not become president .
That is the American tragedy of the early 21st century : a vital and self-renewing culture that attracts the world 's talent and a governing system that increasingly looks like a joke . ''
The cumulative effect , Kissinger continued , `` drives American foreign policy toward unilateral and bullying conduct .
In 2010 , only one-fifth of Americans said that they trusted the government to do what is right all or most of the time .
The US was founded in part on mistrust of government , and a long tradition traceable to Thomas Jefferson holds that Americans should not worry too much about low levels of confidence in government .
Indeed , if you ask Americans where the best place to live is , 80 % say the US .
A climate of distrust can also trigger extreme actions by deviant members of the population , such as the bombing of a federal office building in Oklahoma City in 1995 .
Three-quarters of Americans feel connected to their communities , and say the quality of life there is excellent or good ; 40 % say working with others in their community is the most important thing that they can do .
In recent years , American politics and political institutions have become more polarized than the distribution of opinions in the American public would suggest .
Whether the American political system can reform itself and cope with such problems remains to be seen .
So , in Yekaterinburg , Russian President Dmitri Medvedev declared that `` there can be no successful global currency system if the financial instruments that are used are denominated in only one currency . ''
In 2007 , the discovery of massive offshore oil reserves promised to make Brazil a significant power in the energy arena as well .
The EU 's approach to sharing power , hammering out agreements , and resolving conflict by multiple committees can be frustrating and lacks drama , but it is increasingly relevant for many issues in a networked and interdependent world .
The American political scientist Andrew Moravcsik makes the similar argument that European nations , singly and collectively , are the only states other than the US that are able to `` exert global influence across the full spectrum from ` hard ' to ` soft ' power .
CAMBRIDGE -- For several years , American officials have pressed China to revalue its currency .
They complain that the undervalued renminbi represents unfair competition , destroying American jobs , and contributing to the United States ' trade deficit .
Just before the recent G-20 meeting in Toronto , China announced a formula that would allow modest renminbi appreciation , but some American Congressmen remain unconvinced , and threaten to increase tariffs on Chinese goods .
In February 2010 , angered over American arms sales to Taiwan , a group of senior military officers called for the Chinese government to sell off US government bonds in retaliation .
There is always the danger of actions with unintended consequences , especially as both countries can be expected to maneuver to change the framework and reduce their vulnerabilities .
China 's increased financial power may have increased its ability to resist American entreaties , but despite dire predictions , its creditor role has not been sufficient to compel the US to change its policies .
Compare , for example , the discipline that international banks and the IMF were able to impose on Indonesia and South Korea in 1998 , with the relative freedom of the US -- bestowed by denomination of American debt in dollars -- to increase government spending in response to the 2008 financial crisis .
Obviously , a country whose currency represents a significant proportion of world reserves can gain international power from that position , thanks to easier terms for economic adjustment and the ability to influence other countries .
As French President Charles de Gaulle once complained , `` since the dollar is the reference currency everywhere , it can cause others to suffer the effects of its poor management .
This can not last . ''
Fears over the effect of immigration on national values and on a coherent sense of American identity have existed since the nation 's early years .
Despite being a nation of immigrants , more Americans are skeptical about immigration than are sympathetic to it .
The recession exacerbated such views , and in 2009 half of Americans favored reducing legal immigration , up from 39 % in 2008 .
Both the numbers and origins of the new immigrants have caused concerns about immigration 's effects on American culture .
Indeed , demographers predict that in 2050 non-Hispanic whites will be only a slim majority of US residents . Hispanics will be 25 % , African-Americans 14 % , and Asians 8 % .
While too rapid a rate of immigration can cause social problems , proponents argue that , over the long term , immigration strengthens the power of the US .
By contrast , despite Americans ' ambivalence , the US remains a country of immigration .
The Census Bureau projects that the American population will grow 49 % over the next four decades .
In addition , even though studies suggest that the short-term , directly measurable economic benefits at the national level are relatively small , and unskilled workers may suffer from competition , skilled immigrants can be important to particular economic sectors .
In 1998 , Chinese - and Indian-born engineers were running one-quarter of Silicon Valley 's high-technology businesses , which accounted for $ 17.8 billion in sales , and in 2005 , foreign-born immigrants had helped start one in four American technology start-ups over the previous decade .
America is a magnet , and many people can envisage themselves as Americans , because many successful Americans look like people in other countries .
In addition , the presence of multiple cultures creates avenues of connection with other countries , and helps create an important broadening of American attitudes in an era of globalization .
While one can understand the resistance of ordinary American citizens to competition from foreign immigrants during a period of high unemployment , it would be ironic if the current debate were to lead to policies that cut the US off from one of it unique sources of strength .
CAMBRIDGE -- In the 1950 's , many Americans feared that the Soviet Union would surpass the United States as the world 's leading power .
In the late 1970 's , a `` Committee on the Present Danger '' argued that Soviet power was surpassing that of the US , and the 1980 American election reflected such fears .
The end of the Soviet Union left Russia significantly shrunken territorially -LRB- 76 % of the USSR -RRB- , demographically -LRB- 50 % of the USSR 's population -RRB- , economically -LRB- 45 % of the USSR 's output -RRB- , and in terms of military personnel -LRB- 33 % of the USSR 's armed forces -RRB- .
But if major countries are divided , it is unlikely that even network organizations like the G-20 can set the agenda for the UN and the Bretton Woods financial institutions to act upon .
To the extent that this sense of decline is grounded in reality , can Japan recover ?
Only two decades ago , many Americans feared being overtaken after Japanese per capita income surpassed that of the United States .
More recently , after Japanese maritime officials arrested a Chinese fishing-boat captain near the disputed Senkaku islands , China responded harshly with arrests of Japanese businessmen , cancelation of student visits , and suspension of exports of rare-earth minerals upon which key Japanese industries depend .
In the highly unlikely prospect that the US were to withdraw from the East Asian region , Japan might join a Chinese bandwagon , but Japan is more likely to maintain its American alliance to preserve its independence from China .
And , just a few weeks before the shelling of Yeonpyeong , North Korea showed a delegation of American scientists a new and previously undisclosed uranium-enrichment plant , which will increase the regime 's capacity to make nuclear weapons .
The recent WikiLeaks disclosures of classified American diplomatic documents , for example , suggest that North Korea has been helping Iran with its advanced missile program .
How , then , can North Korea manage to defy its neighbor ?
For one thing , North Korea has `` the power of weakness . '' In certain situations , weakness -- and the threat that a partner will collapse -- can be a source of bargaining power .
As the Financial Times observed , `` North Korea 's Kim Jong-il is probably the only world leader who can make Beijing look powerless .
Concerns have been raised about the influx of cheap labor . But average GDP growth rates in the new members are twice as high as in the original members , and this can provide a welcome stimulus to stagnant labor markets and sluggish economies .
Across the Atlantic , most Americans -LRB- to the extent they pay attention -RRB- regard these changes with general approval .
The Iraq War proved costly to American soft power , with the US losing about 30 percentage points of attractiveness on average in Europe , including in countries like Britain , Spain , and Italy , whose governments supported the war .
Now some American neo-conservatives argue that the US should drop its longstanding support for European integration .
Not only would it add to anti-American attitudes and fail to accomplish its objectives , but it over-estimates the extent to which the new Europe is being formed in opposition to the US . Whatever the rhetoric in France , for example , the policies and attitudes in countries such as Britain or Poland demonstrate that good trans-Atlantic relations can be maintained .
American unilateralism is much less in evidence in the world 's other hot spots , such as North Korea and Iran , both because of the costs of the war in Iraq and the realities of the situation in those other regions .
Transnational terrorism can only be confronted by close civilian cooperation such as intelligence sharing , police work across borders , and tracing financial flows .
As the writer Robert Kagan concluded in the revision of his book in which he declared Europeans to be from Venus and Americans from Mars , it turns out that Americans seeking democratic legitimization of their policies and self-images can not escape Europe .
In short , it is good for Americans - and for the world - that old and new Europe are becoming one .
We can all benefit from the soft power of an enlarged Europe .
As Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh put it at the time , `` India and China can together reshape the world order . ''
India has significant hard-power resources as well , with an estimated 60-70 nuclear weapons , intermediate-range missiles , a space program , 1.3 million military personnel , and annual military expenditure of nearly $ 30 billion , or 2 % of the world total .
Because the Obama administration has used the term `` smart power , '' some people think that it refers only to the US , and critics complain that it is merely a slogan , like `` tough love , '' used to sugar-coat American foreign policy .
Qatar , a small peninsula off the coast of Saudi Arabia , allowed its territory to be used as the US military headquarters in the invasion of Iraq , while at the same time sponsoring Al Jazeera , the most popular television station in the region , which was highly critical of American actions .
But such narratives can lead to conflict .
Moreover , linear projections of economic growth trends can be misleading .
Whether China can maintain this capability over the longer term is a mystery to outsiders and Chinese leaders themselves .
Whether China can develop a formula to manage an expanding urban middle class , regional inequality , and resentment among ethnic minorities remains to be seen .
Even if this were an accurate assessment of China 's intentions -LRB- and even Chinese can not know the views of future generations -RRB- , it is doubtful that China will have the military capability to make this possible .
The expectation of conflict can itself become a cause of conflict .
American Power after Bin Laden
Today , many pundits argue that other countries ' rising power and the loss of American influence in a revolutionary Middle East point to the decline of `` American hegemony . '' But the term is confusing .
For one thing , possession of power resources does not always imply that one can get the outcomes one prefers .
Even the recent death of Osama bin Laden at the hands of United States special forces does not indicate anything about American power one way or the other .
Even in the era of alleged American hegemony , studies show that only one-fifth of America 's efforts to compel change in other countries through military threats were successful , while economic sanctions worked in only half of all cases .
Some Americans react emotionally to that prospect , though it would be ahistorical to believe that the US will have a preponderant share of power resources forever .
For all the loose talk of American empire , the US is less tethered and has more degrees of freedom than Britain ever had .
Despite these differences , Americans are prone to cycles of belief in decline .
Moreover , cultural pessimism is very American , extending back to the country 's Puritan roots .
At the end of that decade , American 's believed the country was in decline ; yet , within a decade , they believed that the US was the sole superpower .
Cycles of declinism tell us more about American psychology than about underlying shifts in power resources .
Ferguson believes that a doubling of public debt in the coming decade can not erode US strength on its own , but that it could weaken a long-assumed faith in America 's ability to weather any crisis .
Some believe a political compromise between Republicans and Democrats can be reached before the 2012 election ; others suggest an agreement is more likely after the election .
But , while Britain and Germany were each other 's most significant trading partners in 1914 , that did not prevent a conflagration that set back global economic integration for a half-century .
Economic resources can produce soft-power behavior as well as hard military power .
Internationally , where order is more tenuous , residual concerns about the coercive use of force , even if a low probability , can have important effects -- including a stabilizing effect .
Some Americans argue that China 's rise can not be peaceful , and that the US , therefore , should now adopt a policy of containing the People 's Republic .
Indeed , many Chinese officials perceive that to be the current American strategy .
Today , by contrast , the US not only has massive trade with China , but also extensive social contact , including 125,000 Chinese students attending American universities .
The net result is that over the past two years , China has worsened its relations with Japan , India , South Korea , Vietnam , and others -- quite a remarkable record that confirms the US strategic premise that `` only China can contain China . ''
But it would be a mistake to focus only on the hedging part of American strategy .
One can not devise and implement solutions to global financial stability , climate change , cyber terrorism , or pandemics without such cooperation .
CAMBRIDGE -- President George W. Bush was famous for proclaiming democracy promotion as a central focus of American foreign policy .
So it was a striking departure when US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton testified to Congress earlier this year about the `` three D 's '' of American foreign policy -- defense , diplomacy , and development .
While free and fair elections are important , liberal democracy is more than `` electocracy . '' Elections in the absence of constitutional and cultural constraints can produce violence , as in Bosnia or the Palestinian Authority .
Democracy came to be associated with its particular American variant , and took on an imperialist connotation .
Democracy is not an American imposition , and it can take many forms .
When we live up to our own best traditions , we can stimulate emulation and generate the soft power of attraction .
For example , many people both inside and outside the US had become cynical about the American political system , arguing that it was dominated by money and closed to outsiders .
The election of Barack Hussein Obama in 2008 did a great deal to restore the soft power of American democracy .
In the climate of extreme fear that followed the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the Bush administration 's tortured legal interpretations of international and domestic law tarnished American democracy and diminished its soft power .
Abraham Lincoln suspended the right of habeas corpus during the Civil War , and Franklin Roosevelt interned Japanese-American citizens during the early days of World War II .
CAMBRIDGE -- Al Qaeda 's attack on the United States ten years ago was a profound shock to both American and international public opinion .
What lessons can we learn a decade later ?
Anyone who flies or tries to visit a Washington office building gets a reminder of how American security was changed by 9\/11 .
New agencies such as the Department of Homeland Security , the Director of National Intelligence , and an upgraded Counter Terrorism Center have not transformed American government , and , for most Americans , personal freedoms have been little affected .
Al Qaeda killed more Americans on 9\/11 than the attack by the government of Japan did at Pearl Harbor in 1941 .
A larger actor 's many interests and objectives often dilute its attention to a smaller actor , which , by contrast , can focus its attention and will more easily .
There was a good deal of information about Al Qaeda in the American intelligence system , but the US was unable to process coherently the information that its various agencies had gathered .
Even so , the elimination of top Al Qaeda leaders , the strengthening of American intelligence , tighter border controls , and greater cooperation between the FBI and the CIA have all clearly made the US -LRB- and its allies -RRB- safer .
The smaller actor can not compete with the larger in terms of military might , but it can use violence to set the world agenda and construct narratives that affect its targets ' soft power .
He was not able to do as much damage to the US as he hoped , but he managed to dominate the world agenda for a decade , and the ineptness of the initial American reaction meant that he could impose larger costs on the US than were necessary .
To the extent that the trillion or more dollars of unfunded war costs contributed to the budget deficit that plagues the US today , Bin Laden was able to damage American hard power .
But , at least for America , perhaps the most important lesson of 9\/11 is that US foreign policy should follow the counsel of President Dwight Eisenhower a half-century ago : Do not get involved in land wars of occupation , and focus on maintaining the strength of the American economy .
Its post-2008 recovery has slowed , and some observers fear that Europe 's financial problems could tip the American and world economy into a second recession .
American politics , moreover , remains gridlocked over budgetary issues , and compromise will be even more difficult on the eve of the 2012 election , when Republicans hope that economic problems will help them unseat President Barack Obama .
But even Americans are divided equally about whether China will replace the US as a global superpower .
Americans have a long history of incorrectly estimating their power .
But , with America 's debt on a path to equaling its national income in a decade , and a fumbling political system that can not seem to address the country 's fundamental challenges , are the `` declinists '' finally right ?
As Japan , India , and others try to balance Chinese power , they welcome an American presence .
As for absolute decline , the US has very real problems , but the American economy remains highly productive .
Some observers worry that American society will become sclerotic , like Britain at the peak of its power a century ago .
But American culture is far more entrepreneurial and decentralized than was that of Britain , where industrialists ' sons sought aristocratic titles and honors in London .
As Singapore 's Lee Kuan Yew once told me , China can draw on a talent pool of 1.3 billion people , but the US can draw on the world 's seven billion , and can recombine them in a diverse culture that enhances creativity in a way that ethnic Han nationalism can not .
American government and politics have always experienced such episodes , and , though overshadowed by current melodramas , they were sometimes worse than today 's .
But one should remember that these problems are only part of the picture -- and , in principle , they can be solved over the long term .
It is important to distinguish such problems from those that can not , in principle , be solved .
Of course , whether America can implement the available solutions is uncertain ; several commissions have proposed feasible plans to change America 's debt trajectory by raising taxes and cutting expenditures , but feasibility is no guarantee that they will be adopted .
If so , the gloomy predictions of absolute American decline will turn out to be as misleading as similar predictions in decades past .
Thus , although Serbia 's loss of sovereignty over Kosovo will undoubtedly be painful in the short term , the long-term gains for the entire Western Balkans region from eventual EU accession are vastly more significant .
As a natural regional leader , Serbia can expect to reap the benefits as all states advance toward membership .
The difficulty for Tadic lies in convincing Serbian voters that drawing closer to the EU is infinitely preferable to remaining attached to an outmoded concept of statehood that can only lead to isolation and backwardness .
Two factors that are likely to decide the referendum 's outcome can be singled out : turnout and how the farming community votes .
These concerns remain acute , even in the aftermath of the decision by the Czech Constitutional Court on November 26 that the Lisbon Treaty is compatible with the Czech constitution and can be ratified in the normal way by the Czech Parliament .
One positive development for Cowen is that a second referendum would most likely bring back into play the significant economic dimension of Ireland 's EU membership .
The extraordinary implosion of global financial markets may also work to the advantage of the Yes side in a second referendum , because Ireland 's economic future can not be contemplated seriously outside of EU structures .
This is significant , because , in May 2010 , a group of prominent German economists , led by Joachim Starbatty , commenced litigation before the German Constitutional Court in which they argued that the EU 's assistance to Greece and Europe 's new financial rescue fund violated Article 125 , the EU treaty 's so-called `` no bailout '' clause .
Thus , Ireland might yet play as significant a part as Germany in determining the future of any amendments to the EU constitutional order , with each country 's top court playing as important a role as politicians in shaping Europe 's future .
But can this apparently benign pattern of global growth be sustained , particularly since growth has been accompanied by ever-widening global financial imbalances ?
Of course , no single government can bear all the costs of the policies needed to correct today 's global imbalances .
Coordination will surely deliver more satisfactory outcomes than what any one country can achieve on its own .
It is obviously good for the G-7 or a subset of G-7 members to show leadership , but no fundamental reform can occur without an inclusive process that gives both industrial and developing countries , and both large and small countries an adequate voice .
That strategy has now been exposed as perilous , and the use by financial institutions of similar risk models can lead to greater instability .
Today 's system is plagued by cycles of confidence in the dollar and by periodic shocks due to American policies that are adopted independently of their global impact and thus imposed on the rest of the world .
The essential idea is quite simple : in the long run , an international monetary system can not be built on a national currency -- a point made a half-century ago by the Belgian-American economist Robert Triffin .
The major problem with the new credit line is that it runs the risk of unduly dividing developing countries into two categories , with significant additional risks for the latter .
To use an American saying , it might mean throwing out the baby -LRB- economic growth -RRB- with the bathwater -LRB- exchange rate appreciation -RRB- .
Here currency appreciation is already taking place , pushed by massive capital inflows since the second quarter of 2009 , and in some cases it can already be said to be excessive -LRB- for example , in Brazil -RRB- .
These countries can , of course , resist upward pressure on their currencies by accumulating foreign-exchange reserves , like they did before the global financial crisis .
Countries spend years negotiating trade rules , but exchange-rate movements can , within days , have a greater impact on trade than those painstaking deals .
The second paradox is that monetary expansion may be largely ineffective in the country that undertakes it , but can generate large negative externalities on others .
This is particularly true of the quantitative easing now underway in the United States , because the American dollar is the major global reserve currency .
If this leads to a weakening of the dollar , it would also have negative effects on trading partners . -LRB- The same can be said of recent Japanese monetary-policy decisions . -RRB-
One of the major areas of agreement during the recent crisis has been that deregulated financial activities can be a source of major macroeconomic disruptions .
The G-20 could suggest that the IMF issue a significant volume of SDRs over the next three years .
The question today is whether , with the moment of crisis passing and countries ' circumstances and perspectives diverging , the G-20 can demonstrate the leadership the world needs in addressing its ongoing critical problems .
The G-20 recognized in 2008 that unfettered finance can generate costly crises ; thus , it decided to re-regulate finance .
The basic conclusion of all of these documents is that regulations of cross-border capital flows can complement macroeconomic policy and so-called `` macro-prudential '' financial regulations .
Taxes on inflows can play a similar role , as can minimum-stay periods for capital inflows .
It can be argued that disposing of high-tech e-waste in landfills is just another way of returning these precious metals to the earth , where , millennia from now , it will have merged with the substrata , becoming just like any other ore .
Some would manage e-waste at one of the handful of sophisticated smelters that can recover precious metals from discarded electronic devices .
For numerous reasons , not every country can afford to build smelting facilities that operate at the level claimed by Umicore .
To work effectively , electronics manufacturers must assume some responsibility for training recyclers , in developing small-scale facilities that can operate at the regional level , and in working with regulators to ensure appropriate safety and environmental monitoring schemes for such operations .
The Dalian local government constructed an elaborate software development park à la Silicon Valley , where students returning from abroad can rent low-cost office space for startup companies .
But it is inexpensive and adaptable enough that every hospital room can now have its own multipurpose scanner .
Many leading American and European telephone equipment manufacturers fear Hua Wei more than Fujitsu or NEC .
Zhongguancun , a former military research zone in Beijing that houses half a million scientists and engineers , is popular with American high-tech companies .
But this is misguided , for perhaps the most significant moment in China 's recent history of boom and transformation was the 1998 appointment of Zhu Rongji -LRB- pronounced `` Joo Rong-jee '' -RRB- as premier of the State Council , a position once held by Deng Xiaoping .
Given the obvious importance of the post in recent years , the choice of Mr. Zhu 's replacement may be of even more significance than President Jiang 's departure from center stage .
Mr. Zhu has been China 's Jack Welch , the tough-minded , longtime CEO of the American conglomerate General Electric -- a man celebrated for his candor , his global sophistication , and his insistence on performance .
The local hospitals lack the equipment needed to perform many important procedures , like radiation treatments for cancer patients and heart surgery .
Instructors from abroad can not enter Gaza .
Without the ability to go overseas , we can not learn .
I ask myself why they have the opportunity to travel , to study , to take vacations , when I can not go abroad even to learn medicine .
According to the official results , Goodluck Jonathan , who succeeded Yar ` Adua upon his death and became the ruling People 's Democratic Party -LRB- PDP -RRB- candidate , was sworn in as President on May 29 .
Jonathan was the unlikeliest of candidates in Nigeria 's take-no-prisoners presidential power game .
But its losses were not significant enough to enable any of the four main opposition parties -- the Action Congress of Nigeria -LRB- ACN -RRB- , the Congress for Progressive Change -LRB- CPC -RRB- , the All Progressives Grand Alliance -LRB- APGA -RRB- , or the All Nigeria People 's Party -LRB- ANPP -RRB- -- to take its place .
Growing calls by southern political leaders for `` true federalism , '' if implemented , would significantly reduce the North 's share of the country 's oil revenues , further destabilizing the country unless Jonathan pursues it in a bipartisan and disinterested manner .
No leader can be expected to run this giant of Africa as if it were Singapore .
Two other candidates stand out . Emeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu is an Oxford-trained historian and retired army officer who led the Biafran secessionist attempt in 1967 , which plunged the country into civil war .
Gani Fawehinmi , a fiery lawyer who made his name as a human rights campaigner under military rule , is the candidate of the National Conscience Party -LRB- NCP -RRB- .
Faced with meeting the constitutional requirement of getting votes from each state in the Federation , the candidates and their handlers have gone out of their way to avoid taking positions that ruffle feathers .
The Alliance for Democracy , the dominant Yoruba party , is not fielding a candidate because it does not want to divide the Yoruba vote and deny victory to Obasanjo , their kinsman .
At the heart of Shell 's oil reserves scandal is the desire for profit and the elaborate mechanisms that it nurtured in collaboration with corrupt military dictators over the years to ensure that its operations yield enormous dividends at the expense of ordinary Nigerians .
The latest scandal is unlikely to elicit vigorous responses from Nigeria 's government , even though it has been paying millions of dollars for new oil finds that exist only in Shell 's imagination .
Opposition forces , led by Muhammadu Buhari , the candidate of the All Nigeria People 's Party , accused Obasanjo of using the police to intimidate voters and falsify the election results .
American , British , and French oil companies enjoyed a virtual monopoly of Nigeria 's oil industry .
As a result , the victory of Umaru Yar ` Adua , the candidate of the ruling Peoples Democratic Party and President Olusegun Obasanjo 's hand-picked successor , is now hotly disputed .
The major opposition candidates -- Muhammadu Buhari of the All Nigeria Peoples Party -LRB- ANPP -RRB- , Patrick Utomi of the African Democratic Party -LRB- ADP -RRB- , Atiku Abubakar of the Action Congress -LRB- AC -RRB- , and Orji Uzor Kalu of the Progressive Peoples Alliance -LRB- PPA -RRB- -- reject the results and are calling on Nigerians to protest peacefully .
Although American officials had said that the United States would not support Obasanjo if the election were flawed , it was an open secret long before polling began that the PDP would manipulate the outcome to remain in power .
He gave power to Shehu Shagari , the presidential candidate of the National Party of Nigeria , who was widely viewed as incompetent and yoked to feudal interests in Nigeria 's Muslim north .
Buhari , the ANPP candidate , has asked the National Assembly to begin impeachment proceedings against Obasanjo .
Any significant move to tackle the PDP machine will likely need to come from the Senate and its president , Ken Nnamani , who played a key role in thwarting Obasanjo 's quest for a third term .
Only swift and firm intervention from impartial external parties working in concert with the National Assembly and the courts can avert a looming disaster .
Nigerians can use a dose of hope .
While riding the crest of the last oil boom in the late 1970 's , Nigeria 's military leaders nationalized the assets of British Petroleum and became champions of pan-African co-operation , financing several African liberation movements .
Last October , Yar ` Adua joined South Africa and Libya in opposing US plans to deploy AFRICOM , its new African regional military command , on the continent .
Nor do they voice their concern that AFRICOM could be part of an American effort to exert control on West Africa 's oil-producing countries .
Moreover , Tony Chukwueke , the DPR 's head , has announced plans to create an African version of Petronas , Malaysia 's state-run oil company , and transform the sclerotic Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation into a powerful oil-producing firm that can dominate the market in the Gulf of Guinea and other emerging regions .
His election is being challenged in court by other candidates , and Western backing could play a role in stabilizing his government .
But his advisers , some of whom played a key role in shaping Nigeria 's foreign policy in the 1970 's , are keen to use the gas-flaring issue to demonstrate Yar ` Adua 's resolve and standing as a pan-African leader .
It is not yet clear whether Yar ` Adua 's government can meet these challenges .
Nuhu Ribadu , the respected former chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission , has announced his intention to contest the presidency as the candidate of one of the opposition parties .
Even if they overcome their reservations and back Ribadu or Buhari , and either candidate goes on to beat Jonathan at the polls , angry Delta youths could respond with fresh violence against oil workers , disrupting production .
Of the four main opposition parties that fielded candidates for the 469 parliamentary seats in contention , the Action Congress of Nigeria -LRB- ACN -RRB- took the bulk of the votes in the southwest of the country , felling such PDP stalwarts as House speaker Dimeji Bankole and Senator Iyabo Obasanjo-Bello , daughter of former President Olusegun Obasanjo .
Some PDP politicians in the Muslim north insisted that their region be allowed to present a candidate , as Obasanjo , who was viewed as representing the Christian south , had served eight years . They were rebuffed .
Buhari is also the party 's presidential candidate . The CPC won the majority of the seats in Katsina , but the PDP still managed to maintain its dominance of that volatile region 's politics .
Talks are ongoing between the CPC , the ACN , which is fielding Nuhu Ribadu , the former anti-corruption czar as presidential candidate , and the All Nigeria Peoples Party , a minor party running Ibrahim Shekarau as its nominee , to field a joint candidate .
No one can now foretell how long the US will be engaged in Uzbekistan , or whether America will extend its reach deeper into Central Asia .
For now , however , China 's government is likely to be content advancing China 's economic interests in Central Asia and ensuring that none of its enemies can take refuge there .
Many are beginning to fear that American weapons will only serve to fuel Uzbek ambitions .
Without a stimulating family or family-like setting , such children can not develop their full potential .
Head banging or screaming can , for example , be misinterpreted as being part of the intellectual disability rather than an expression of discomfort or depression -- a phenomenon known as `` diagnostic overshadowing . '' Unfortunately , annual health checks that screen for physical and mental-health changes and epilepsy are not routine in many countries .
The majority of children in institutions have developmental delay or intellectual disabilities , which institutions themselves can cause or worsen .
But children in institutions are denied education , despite evidence showing that every child can learn and develop .
At the Africa Finance Corporation -LRB- AFC -RRB- , reducing poverty on the African continent through private-sector initiative is our mission .
Transport costs for sub-regional trade are double that of other developing regions , and high energy costs contribute significantly to the prohibitive cost of doing business .
The rebirth of Africa 's private sector -- a critical missing ingredient in past development efforts -- has played a significant role in driving this performance , and it can fill the investment gap while generating returns in the process .
Internally , euro-zone `` success '' can best be measured by the yardstick of economic growth .
For the euro to help lift European growth and productivity in any significant way , governments must allow -- indeed , encourage -- stronger competitive forces across the EMU area .
Most global economic issues today can not be solved without policy steps in China .
Indeed , how can the G-7 have the audacity to make repeated public comments about the currency of an outside country and hope for a positive response ?
As Konstantin Kosachev , chairman of the Russian Duma 's foreign relations committee , put it , `` In Germany , Italy , France , we can achieve much more . ''
Thus , they can not accept that more robust multilateral institutions , confidence , cooperation , and interdependence could assure international security .
Research at McKinsey into the effectiveness and cost of more than 200 mechanisms for reducing carbon emissions -- from greater car efficiency to nuclear power , improved insulation in buildings , and better forest management -- suggests that only concerted global action can ensure levels that the scientific community says is necessary to avoid the disastrous consequences of climate change .
The total up-front financing would be ¤ 530 billion by 2020 -- less than the cost of the current US financial-sector bailout plan -- and ¤ 810 billion by 2030 , which is well within range of what financial markets can handle .
Without carefully managing tropical forests -- 90 % of which grow in developing nations that have pressure to clear the land for other economic purposes -- we can not meet our global targets for reduced carbon emissions .
But it can succeed only if we embark now on an agenda to boost natural resource productivity more broadly and on a more integrated basis .
A developed nation can not meet carbon emission targets by outsourcing its dirtiest production to a developing country , and a developing country can not meet its targets by chopping down forests to build the plants or expand low-productivity agriculture .
The opportunity in Copenhagen is to begin shaping some of the new collective-action models upon which we can build the post-carbon economy .
The past 20 years can be divided into three phases .
And it is now clear that the biggest winners of globalization are no longer the Europeans or the Americans , but the Asians .
Moreover , after all that has happened in the past six months , Central Europeans can no longer look up to old countries representing the moral values of Western civilization .
The moral state of business leaders caused this crisis , and you can not find Central Europeans among those leaders .
If our faith is strong enough , we can survive this crisis without destroying what we have built together by opening our borders , destroying the Wall , unifying Germany , and completing our democratic transitions .
WASHINGTON , DC -- As pro-democracy protests sweep the Arab world , Belarus , Europe 's grim quasi-Soviet redoubt , has taken a turn for the worse since President Aleksander Lukashenko violently suppressed post-election demonstrations in December and imprisoned seven of the nine candidates who stood against him .
Whatever its past successes in maintaining basic living standards , today it is evident that Belarus can not match its neighbors ' dynamism .
He might not respect the outcome of elections , but he can not afford to ignore what the last one revealed about the depths of his regime 's unpopularity .
And , with Austrian money and World Bank support , officials are drawing up a privatization program that will cover a significant proportion of the country 's mainly state-owned industry .
Russia had simply seized the opportunity presented to it by Lukashenko 's bizarre post-election crackdown , in which he used disproportionate force to clear the streets and imprisoned hundreds of activists , including seven of the presidential candidates who had run against him . Presidential candidate Andrei Sannikov was recently sentenced to five years in prison for taking part in election-night protests .
But the evidence for believing that euroization can precede sufficient institutional reforms is scant .
The debate about the timing and technical form of euroization must address which monetary regime -- full-fledged euroization or floating exchange rates -- is more effective in lowering risk premiums in the candidate countries .
In hindsight , benchmarks of the candidates ' ability to manage these risks should have supplemented the existing Maastricht criteria for adopting the euro .
Moreover , capital inflows to the EU candidates are likely to accelerate as accession draws near , adding to inflationary pressures .
But in practical terms , this effect may be implausible if a high proportion of dollar-denominated debt burdens a candidate .
At the end of 1997 , the share of dollar-denominated debt in total external indebtedness among the leading EU candidates ranged from 46 % in Poland to 78 % in the Czech Republic .
Entering the eurozone could drive up the candidates ' external debt-service costs -- thus adding to the fiscal burden -- if the euro remains weaker in dollar terms than their national currencies .
But if they `` euroize '' too soon , candidate countries could find themselves with lower domestic interest rates but a higher external default risk .
A DIT framework would affirm the commitment to disinflation and price stability as the euro candidates struggle with pro-inflationary factors .
This would bolster the credibility of monetary policy , enabling the candidates to lower their inflation and exchange-rate risk premiums .
Once a satisfactory level of price stability is achieved , euro candidates might apply a more flexible variant of inflation targeting that also targets exchange-rate stability .
As expected inflation converges with the forecast for the eurozone , the financial markets will declare a candidate `` ripe '' for full-fledged euroization .
But can the political will for renewed reform be mustered in a government that is half liberal and half populist ?
Only such support can bring the government budget deficit , expected to reach 4.4 % of GDP in 2005 , down to the EU 's benchmark of less than 3 % of GDP within the next two years .
Today 's Islamic revival shares the dogmatism , communitarianism , and scripturalism of American evangelist movements : both reject culture , philosophy , and even theology to favor a literalist reading of sacred texts and an immediate understanding of truth through individual faith .
When the Taliban came to power in Afghanistan in 1996 , they initially had excellent relations with the Americans , and Westerners could travel freely in Afghanistan between 1996 and 1998 .
But , because we are unsure that you are a good Muslim , it is easier to forbid owning songbirds , so that they can not jeopardize your salvation .
That the region 's bloody history is truly behind it seems to have been confirmed by the recent signing of the Central American Free Trade Agreement -LRB- CAFTA -RRB- with the United States .
Paramount to CAFTA is a concern about the extent to which Central American countries will liberalize their economies .
Although CAFTA represents an important opportunity in the region 's quest to expand its access to the US market , it is unclear whether the new rules will strengthen or weaken Central American producers .
Consider Mexico 's trade balance with the US since the North American Free Trade Agreement -LRB- NAFTA -RRB- came into effect . In the years between 1995 and 2002 , Mexico 's annual trade deficit with the US increased to $ 1 billion .
Moreover , trade in agricultural products will benefit US exporters more than Central American farmers .
The US , for example , agreed to sugar imports that equal 1 % of the total US market . That figure can grow only to 1.4 % over the next 15 years .
Unlike their counterparts in the US , Central American producers lack access to the capital and technology needed for them to expand and innovate .
For a glimpse at the future , look at what has happened to Mexican corn farmers since NAFTA .
Central American textiles were also caught in a CAFTA snag .
Finally , CAFTA fails to address labor issues in any significant way .
The region 's economies have not experienced significant growth in the past five years -LRB- nor have they grown more than 5 % annually in the past 20 years -RRB- .
Central American leaders could implement limited banking reforms to offer incentives to emigrants to save remittances and invest in their home countries .
Indeed , a root of the Bush administration 's diminished interest in NATO can probably be found in the interventions of small countries in the military decisions - such as the choice of bombing targets - during the Kosovo War .
Only by doing so can the Union achieve a more credible foreign and security policy and become a serious partner for the United States , its neighbors , and the rest of the world .
EU member states - even the most powerful - can not deliver on global issues such as the fight against terrorism , political reconstruction of the Middle East , the fight against poverty , and protection of the environment unless they agree on basic principles for common action .
It is overly optimistic to pretend that today 's EU institutions can implement such principles , because they do not represent the prevailing power realities .
Anyone who suggested that what is happening today was a likely scenario was criticized as being a pro-Saddam appeaser , anti-American , or both .
Yet a sober assessment of the difficulties ahead would have helped to avoid many of the mistakes that have proved to be so costly in terms of American lives and resources -- not to mention the suffering of Iraqis .
A direct military showdown in the Gulf and the Straits of Hormuz , through which about 40 % of the world 's traded oil is shipped , can not be ruled out . As a consequence , oil prices would skyrocket .
But , in an interdependent and interconnected world , the use of force can not be the result of national political calculations .
If such a consensus can not be reached , at least Western powers and like-minded states must agree , as in Kosovo in 1999 , for example .
If the ADB were serious about poverty reduction , it would put a significant share of its investments in social development , particularly on non-contributory universal social security schemes that can reduce poverty by 35 % to 50 % .
Such rights can be tolerated only as minimum social safeguards , which the ADB is trying to neuter through another ongoing review .
A recent UNICEF survey of 126 countries shows that a significant number of low - and middle-income countries are expected to reduce public expenditures in 2010-2011 .
A New Sino-American Relationship ?
A New Sino-American Relationship ?
Most major Chinese papers ran Chu 's photo on the front page , with Beijing Business Today running a cautionary headline : `` Do n't Mistake the Visiting American Ministers as Relatives ! ''
In announcing a new Sino-US joint research effort , Chu described clean energy as `` one of the great opportunities of our time '' for Sino-US cooperation , saying that by `` working together , we can accomplish more than -LRB- by -RRB- acting alone . ''
For , although the US has drawn strength from the ideal of a `` melting pot '' -- and President Barack Obama 's cabinet does represent a new high-water mark for diversity -- Americans have often shown a xenophobic distrust of immigrants who have drawn too close to power .
Here , if all the expressions of good feeling can not be made concrete , an incomparable opportunity to recast Sino-US relations around the issue of climate change will have been lost .
This `` end-of-history '' interlude , when `` Communism '' was either failing or recycling itself into its opposite , also encouraged many latter-day American political missionaries to proselytize for democracy as well as capitalism -- to urge China 's leaders to abandon state controls not only over their economy , but over their political system as well .
Obama ran right into a perfect storm of the worst aspects of American democracy : red-state provincialism and ignorance , fearful conservatism , Republican Party obstructionism and even some Democratic Party dissidence .
It is intellectually and politically unsettling to realize that , if the West can not quickly straighten out its systems of government , only politically un-reformed states like China will be able to make the decisions that a nation needs to survive in today 's high-speed , high-tech , increasingly globalized world .
No one can say with any certainty what the causes are .
To try to compensate for these perturbed weather patterns , Chinese officialdom has launched an unprecedented array of costly projects . These include the titanic $ 55 billion South-North Water Transfer Project , a massive engineering effort to construct three canals to bring water from China 's normally wet south to its arid north ; a widespread campaign to dig ever-deeper wells ; a nationwide tree-planting campaign ; and even an extensive effort at `` weather modification . ''
Such efforts , Zheng reports , have involved some 6,533 cannons , 5,939 rocket launchers , and numerous aircraft in an attempt to seed clouds across one-third of China 's landmass with dry ice , ammonia , and silver iodide .
But can science and technology really solve problems that are not caused by China alone ?
This is a difficult adjustment for any country to make , especially one like China , which has a history of imagining itself as being at the center of the world while also remaining an inviolable entity that can close its doors whenever it chooses to do so .
The drought in Guizhou , whatever its cause , is a reminder that the fate of China 's people has become inextricably linked to what happens elsewhere , and that no country can opt out or find unilateral solutions separate from the global commonweal any longer .
They have , however , helped support China 's economy by allowing Americans to run up consumer debt by buying more Chinese goods than they rightfully need .
First , there are limits to how many trillions of dollars China can , and should , put into US Treasury bills .
This has been especially true when Chinese state-owned enterprises -LRB- SOEs -RRB- have aspired to buy , or buy into , iconic US corporations that have a blush of national-security significance about them .
News of the pending deal caused 50 Congressional Representatives from the US steel caucus to write a letter to Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner calling for an investigation of the threat the deal posed to US national security and American jobs .
Indeed , it is still unclear where China 's amazing evolution will ultimately lead , so it would be naïve for American leaders to assume that China 's intentions will always be friendly and constructive , or that the two countries are inevitably destined to grow closer .
These same companies not only pay higher salaries than their American counterparts , but account for 11.3 % of capital investment in the US and provide 14.8 % of its private-sector R&D .
If American officials do not begin to recognize the realities of today 's globalized world , the US may unwittingly -LRB- and self-destructively -RRB- find itself cut off from the kinds of new foreign investment flows that are sorely needed to revitalize its manufacturing and infrastructure sectors .
If the Obama administration and EU officials can not figure out the proper mix between economic engagement and protecting national security , investment capital from China will go elsewhere .
But coming as it does only one month after the alarming Russian-Georgian confrontation , it may offer real hope that tensions in the volatile Caucasus region can be eased .
This year , as the American-led effort to mediate a Middle East peace settlement began to falter , Turkey took up the job of mediator in both the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the conflict between Syria and Israel .
We in this region can , and I believe should , call for a non-aligned Caucasus , free of security blocs and adversarial alliances .
Only Europe can play the role of honest broker in the region 's atmosphere of suspicion and intolerance .
One is a lesson from history : Russia 's strategic interests here can not be ignored .
The other lesson is that Turkey and Armenia can not remain adversaries forever .
If as some argue Iran is being disingenuous , then once it achieves this first phase -- uranium enrichment for industrial purposes -- it can easily slide into weapons-grade enrichment , leaving the international community out in the cold , with no channels of communication , no observation teams in place , and no monitors ready to sound the whistle .
But they also have a historically ingrained sense of insecurity , owing to frequent conquest and domination , which is being aggravated today by the presence of American troops to their west in Iraq and to their east in Afghanistan .
Iran 's neighbors need to convince Iran 's rulers that Iranians , too , can participate in the region 's growth , and even become regional leaders .
We can only understand Iran 's real intentions by engaging the Iranians -- not cornering them .
Restructuring the role of Turkey 's army is vital , but if Turkey can not follow through with the Armenian and Kurdish openings , the country 's own domestic situation , its relations with the two peoples , as well as tensions in the Caucasus , will undoubtedly worsen .
After all , if France and Germany can face their tortured history , Turkey should be able to do so as well .
With so much to disagree about and no significant agreements ready to be concluded in Astana , this looks like a case of summitry for summitry 's sake .
Otherwise , it will appear that no amount of negotiation can help set the Caucasus straight -- powerfully undermining a key restraint preventing the two sides from trying again to achieve a military solution .
An acceptable blueprint might emerge from high-level negotiations in Astana if it were to build on what succeeded in breaking previous negotiating deadlocks : the idea of a referendum in which the war-weary Karabakhis can determine their final status .
If , in Astana , a high-level group reinforces the idea of a referendum and sets a mutually acceptable date , this would be a significant achievement .
By the most significant measures , the greenest community in the United States is New York City , the only American city that approaches environmental standards set elsewhere in the world .
That 's 10 times the rate for Americans in general , eight times the rate for workers in Los Angeles County , and 16 times the rate for residents of metropolitan Atlanta .
At an environmental presentation in 2008 , I sat next to an investment banker who was initially skeptical when I explained that New Yorkers have a significantly lower environmental impact than other Americans .
This trend , which has been under way worldwide for decades , is often decried by American environmentalists , who generally prefer people to move in the opposite direction , toward `` the land . ''
Urban families live more compactly , do less damage to fragile ecosystems , burn less fuel , enjoy stronger social ties to larger numbers of people , and , most significantly , produce fewer children , since large families have less economic utility in densely settled areas than they do in marginal agricultural areas .
Countries with expanding economies would be better off using their new wealth to create ways of life that can be sustained beyond that inescapable point , rather than recklessly investing in a future that has no future .
When Turkey 's parliament voted in March 2003 against allowing American troops to open a northern front against Iraq , Turkey 's traditional strategic partnership with the United States ended .
For many Arabs , the vote showed that Turkey was not an American lackey and would not cooperate with American imperial designs , despite close Turkish-Israeli relations .
The American administration made it clear that military intervention by Turkey in Northern Iraq would not be tolerated .
That message was confirmed on July 4 , 2003 , when American forces arrested several Turkish Special Forces troops in the town of Sulaimaniya , humiliating them by putting sacks over their head as they took them into custody .
So the authorities responded quickly to the Bush administration 's request for Turkish troops to join the coalition , although the idea was stillborn - rejected by both the Kurds and the American-appointed Governing Council in Iraq .
The US , for its part , is unhappy with the government 's objections to unrestricted American use of the Incirlik airbase in southeastern Turkey , as well as by recent tensions with Israel .
Turkey has no desire to serve as a strategic counterweight to Iran and believes that only a territorially intact Iraq can continue to play that role .
From Middle Israel to Middle Palestine Haifa -- Americans speak of `` Middle America '' and Britons of `` Middle England . '' Both are near mythic places that supposedly embody the authentic character of the nation .
Israel , too , has its `` Middle Israel , '' but it is very different from the place that Americans and Britons describe .
Fed by a meager diet of media reporting and some coarse think-tank buzz , European and American friends often ask me why our universities are awash with self-hating , anti-Israel `` post-Zionists . ''
Israel 's excellent judiciary can rely on her full support .
After all , Israel is not the United States , and gender can never work as anyone 's sole adjective .
For the time being , Israel should strive for the safest truce it can accomplish , provided that Hamas stops shooting out of its own crowded living room .
Even weak prime ministers can wage war , but it takes a Menachem Begin or a Yitzhak Rabin to go the opposite way .
He has a point , of course : all six right-of-center parties , often at each other 's throats , are behind his candidacy .
I hope , but can not promise , that it would be the well-tempered voice of Middle Israel .
There can be no excuses , no `` but we did n't intend . ''
If so , then here 's further proof that only peaceful and stable countries can afford the luxury of incompetent decision-makers .
First , Erdo?an 's government recognized that change can deliver greater stability than inertia , which invariably breaks down chaotically as economic decline and political infighting take hold .
Second , Turkey shows that an external anchor , such as membership in the European Union or pressure from the International Monetary Fund , can be decisive in triggering change and , therefore , in enhancing prosperity .
Exceptionally favorable economic conditions worldwide at this time no doubt helped significantly , but the real credit must go to a government that stuck to its liberalizing instincts .
Indeed , there can no longer be any debate about the need to act , because the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change -LRB- IPCC -RRB- , of which I am chairman , has established climate change as an unequivocal reality beyond scientific doubt .
In some African countries , for example , yields could decline by as much as 50 % by 2020 .
The rate of decline would then determine the extent to which the worst effects of climate change can be avoided .
But almost no serious intellectual can continue to doubt the common ancestry of all living things .
Toledo had every reason to seek Villanueva 's help : as everyone knows , despite being locked up at the Callao Naval Base , Vladimiro Montesinos continues to exercise influence and can find ways to bring down Toledo 's government .
Never mind that Congress has prohibited him from ever returning to Peru - - where he faces serious charges of corruption - or that he can count on only 15 % of the electorate to support him .
But the scandal that has destroyed his credibility is his refusal for thirteen years to recognize his daughter , Zaraí , a child born of an extramarital affair .
More troubling is the fact that anyone with legal problems due to ties to either Fujimori or Toledo can find a newspaper , television , or radio outlet from which to make accusations .
In a final effort to reduce the impact of all these scandals , Toledo published an open letter , declaring that none of his brothers were authorized to represent him .
Stepping in to back the embattled president , the Organization of American States recently issued a call that Toledo be allowed to finish his term .
Flores , a Social Christian candidate representing a rightist alliance , wants to maintain present President Alejandro Toledo 's neo-liberal policies , which have boosted economic growth , foreign investment , and exports spectacularly over the past four years .
Regardless of whether that promise is realistic , many consider her candidacy important for maintaining democratic continuity , whereas Ollanta Humala proposes to overhaul the political system by drafting a new constitution .
That emotion has led many candidates to victory in Latin America . The last of them was Evo Morales , an explicit and staunch soporter of Humala -LRB- APC1 -RRB- .
Little wonder , then , that French president Nicolas Sarkozy succumbed to the allure of protectionism during last year 's election campaign , as did both presidential candidates in the United States .
In the Scandinavian countries , as in the US , foreign competition intensified sharply during the past decade .
However , surveys by Pew Research show that in Sweden , 85 % of the population agrees that trade is good for their country , compared to only 59 % of Americans .
How can that be ?
By designing educational and social protection policies that strengthen the individual , Scandinavian politicians have sought to promote change rather than prevent it .
In the Scandinavian countries , as opposed to , say , Germany and the US , the government , not individual companies , are responsible for most social benefits .
That way , economically irrational lock-in effects , whereby workers simply can not afford to change jobs , are avoided .
The system protects not only the unemployed , who can continue to pay their mortgages and interest , but also indirectly the banks , because their loans to households are repaid even in times of recession .
And , instead of solving all sorts of economically caused private problems , laid-off workers can concentrate on finding new and more future-oriented jobs .
As the past decade shows , they have served the Scandinavian countries well during a period of extreme internationalization .
Could the Scandinavian model work for others ?
At the very least , the Scandinavian example shows that politicians have more than one option to choose from when considering how to handle globalization .
On the contrary , it can be compatible with rapidly rising real income and more and better jobs .
In countries with higher price growth than in Germany , but with the same borrowing costs , this can not produce anything but overheating , higher inflation , and even lower real interest rates .
Every economy needs someone who can ensure that the proverbial punch bowl is taken away when the party gets out of hand .
More often than not , they have had little or no connection with one another : development specialists dealt comfortably with dictatorships and democracies alike , believing that prosperity can best be created by concentrating exclusively on economic issues and institutions .
Infrastructural investment and economic reform are crucial for the Mediterranean region 's future development , but they can not transform the region without a parallel emphasis on democracy , the rule of law , human rights , and education .
Higher interest rates can spur consumption if their impact on income outweighs the increased incentive to save .
Its overvaluation began with the Mexican peso crisis of 1994 , and was officially enshrined by the `` strong dollar '' policy adopted after the East Asian financial crisis of 1997 .
That policy produced short-term consumption gains for America , which explains why it was popular with American politicians , but it has inflicted major long-term damage on the US economy and contributed to the current crisis .
Worse still , other countries whose currencies have appreciated against the renminbi can look forward to a Chinese import invasion .
With China retaining its under-valued currency policy , dollar depreciation can aggravate global deflationary forces .
Moreover , there is an old mentality among Southern countries that they can do no wrong in their relationships with the North , and that they should exhibit solidarity with each other regarding those relationships .
US consumers buy imports rather than American-made goods because imports are cheaper .
Government spending can also help , but its role is limited .
The Chicago School claims that real-world market economies produce roughly efficient -LRB- so-called `` Pareto optimal '' -RRB- outcomes on which public policy can not improve .
Consequently , policy interventions that address market failures -- as well as widespread information imperfections and the non-existence of many needed markets -- can make everyone better off .
MIT economists tend to espouse the opposite : fairness is important , the real world is unacceptably unfair , and government failure can be prevented by good institutional design , including democracy .
These concepts result in significantly different explanations of the real world , including income distribution and the determinants of economic activity and growth .
The Debt Delusion WASHINGTON , DC &#45; &#45; A second big American interest-rate cut in a fortnight , alongside an economic stimulus plan that united Republicans and Democrats , demonstrates that US policymakers are keen to head off a recession that looks like the consequence of rising mortgage defaults and falling home prices .
Borrowing is also supported by an easing of credit standards and new financial products that increase leverage and widen the range of assets that can be borrowed against .
This time , manufacturing employment has actually fallen during the expansion , something unprecedented in American history .
With debt burdens elevated and housing prices significantly above levels warranted by their historical relation to income , the business cycle of the last two decades appears exhausted .
That way , wage income , not debt and asset price inflation , can again provide the engine of demand growth .
Though higher airline ticket prices may reduce purchases , airlines reduce oil consumption only when they cancel flights .
Consumers can reduce spending on other discretionary items and use the savings to pay higher gasoline prices .
Credit can also temporarily fill consumer budget gaps .
Although the housing boom in the United States -- which helped in this regard -- ended in 2006 , consumer debt continues to grow , and America 's Federal Reserve has been doing everything it can to encourage this .
The root problem is that financial markets can now mobilize tens of billions of dollars for speculative purposes .
If implemented now , steep rate cuts can still have a significant positive effect .
The destruction of wealth also destroys collateral , which means that even those who wish to borrow can not .
This threat means that the financial bailout funds authorized by Congress can legitimately be used to support the automakers . Treasury 's refusal to do so is a monumental blunder that risks a general meltdown , the consequences of which will extend far beyond America 's shores .
The automakers are also the backbone of American manufacturing , driving advances in manufacturing technology that will be needed if America is to be a world leader in the coming `` green '' transportation revolution .
Now , they are failing to understand the financial significance of the Big Three .
But it is these rules that have fostered the trade deficits that have destabilized and undermined the American economy .
Lastly , conservatives have trotted out the old moral hazard story in order to argue that a bailout would turn American manufacturing into a permanent beggar of government funds .
A recent Pew Forum study found Europe 's Muslims to be `` markedly less well off than the general population , frustrated with economic opportunities and socially isolated , '' while most American Muslims say that `` their communities are excellent or good places '' to live ; 71 % say they can succeed in the US if they work .
63 % of American Muslims report no conflict between religious devotion and living in modern society .
In Europe , significantly higher percentages of Muslims believe that suicide bombings are `` often '' or `` sometimes '' justified .
`` What emerges , '' according to Amaney Jamal , an adviser to Pew , `` is the great success of the Muslim American population in its socioeconomic assimilation . ''
`` Assimilation '' means dissolving into the mainstream , but Muslim-Americans do not , remaining devoutly Muslim in a country overwhelmingly Christian .
It can be argued that only those poor eager for the harsh but open possibilities of American life immigrate to the US .
Why can they participate without assimilating ?
Two factors seem significant : first , relatively porous economic , political and educational arenas that allow immigrants entry to these key areas of American life .
The benefit of that accidental generosity was the American deal : immigrants have to participate in the economic and political fracas of the nation , but without much of a social service safety `` net . ''
And they can keep not only their private faith but practice it publicly .
Because immigrants participate in America 's economic and political arenas , Americans are used to different sorts of people and so distinguish those differences that might damage the country from those that will not .
Americans , indeed , are familiar with difference , or at least they tend not to panic .
China 's environmental problems , complex as the causes may be , can ultimately be attributed to our understanding of Marxism .
Unfortunately , unlike Western countries , we can not afford to wait until our per capita annual GDP reaches $ 10,000 before tackling our environmental problems .
Government can not solve these problems on its own .
They can not limit themselves simply to `` supervision '' and appeals to the authorities .
This can only be done by introducing legal mechanisms to reward those who protect the environment , while making polluters pay , and by helping to unify the environmental watchdogs scattered across different sectors .
But do cold statistics about average income really tell us anything significant ?
But if we want to discover the role that a religion like Islam plays in determining a society 's fundamental shape , we can indeed be led astray by making comparisons between different countries or global regions .
Having successfully integrated ten new members in May -- including eight former communist countries with significantly lower levels of economic development -- some argue that the EU should stop there .
That is why we have always supported a real rather than `` virtual '' European candidacy for Turkey -- with full rights , but also with full responsibilities for completing the domestic reforms that have so far been implemented as a result of Turkey 's enhanced `` Accession Partnership '' with the EU .
However , Turks are all too aware of the passions that their country 's EU candidacy stokes in Europe .
If properly managed , migration can enhance Europe 's cultural wealth and meet its labor-market needs , as fertility rates in the EU fall and its population ages .
Unlike the `` war on terrorism , '' European integration can serve as a model for resolving the underlying crises of the Middle East and addressing the roots of violence in the wider region .
From religious and ethnic conflict , Europe can once again forge a model of peaceful cooperation -- this time by creating an integrated zone of stability in the Eastern Mediterranean .
A traditional party leader says to his followers , `` You can trust me . ''
We in PASOK , the party that I lead , have started to think through what we want out of politics in a practical sense and how this can be delivered in a way that respects people 's lives .
People can easily become lost in today 's ocean of information .
So I believe that the future for political parties is to develop a culture of debate , dialogue , and critical understanding of issues , where people can help set a nation 's priorities and are not simply told by experts or their leaders what is right and wrong for them .
The nature of capitalist growth requires us to take a more holistic view and work out how we can achieve sustainable development .
Of course , bringing more democracy into our daily lives can not mean perpetual debate , without actually making decisions .
There is , by contrast , a traditional style of leadership that almost encourages fear and insecurity , so that a savior can come along and say , `` I am the one who will solve this . ''
But one can do this in ways that are not violent and aggressive , by defending the principles of that new relationship .
We can not afford to leave the region 's protracted conflicts such as the ones in Nagorno-Karabakh and Transnistria on the back burner , as last year 's war in Georgia made abundantly clear .
Only a joint response can be effective .
The eurozone 's dilemmas , and the pros and cons of proposed solutions , can be debated endlessly .
However , addressing the eurozone 's deeper defects can not be postponed endlessly .
By contrast , a combination of Eurobonds , a fully-fledged debt facility , enhanced powers for the ECB so that it can act as a lender of last resort , and solid economic governance would work .
However , after the return of the pro-Russian Victor Yanukovich to the position of Ukrainian prime minister , the country 's pro-Western orientation has been significantly weakened .
The first significant obstacle in the way of Russia 's designs on Georgia was intervention by the US , which demanded that the Georgian government drop negotiations with Gazprom and banned Georgia from selling the gas pipeline that connects Russia and Armenia through Georgian territory .
The Ghost of Pinochet The death of General Augusto Pinochet , Chile 's former military dictator , provides perhaps an appropriate end for a year that saw the Latin American left return to glory , a revival that Hugo Chavez 's overwhelming reelection in Venezuela is but the strongest sign .
That the Latin American right can sleep at night despite this leftward tide is not merely the result of communism 's disappearance , nor does it mean that the US has given up its hegemonic intentions . The explanation lies in the fact that much of today 's left is not the left as we have known it .
Easy applause can no longer be had by attacking big business or the IMF .
The Latin American left does not share George W. Bush 's view of the world .
On global issues , it has not backed the US in the Iraq war , it does not tolerate American disdain for multilateralism and it is unwilling to join the anti-terror crusade .
In Latin American affairs , it balks at the Free Trade Area of the Americas -LRB- FTAA -RRB- and generally wants relations with the US that allow it to promote their local initiatives .
Everything suggests that the new moderate Latin American left is more political than economic .
An excessive focus on growth and macroeconomic balances can lead to frustration among those sectors that are demanding better living conditions when they raised this new social democratic left to power .
They point to Muslim rhetoric suffused with hatred of the West , and deduce that Muslims can not be good citizens of Western democracies .
This can not be attributed to the current widespread feeling among Muslims that their identity is under threat .
Long chains of DNA can now be manufactured to order , and scientists are identifying which genes are essential .
At a 1959 meeting of the American Physical Society , Richard Feynman , perhaps the most admired physicist of our time , gave a talk entitled , `` There 's Plenty of Room at the Bottom . ''
Thirty years later , scientists at an IBM laboratory in California arranged 35 atoms of xenon on the surface of a nickel crystal , to spell `` IBM '' in block letters . This was accomplished with a Scanning Tunneling Microscope -LRB- STM -RRB- , a device developed at an IBM laboratory in Zurich whose inventors were awarded the 1986 Nobel Prize in physics .
In the most recent elections , Zimbabweans made their choice known , despite serious obstacles and widespread repression , with the MDC 's presidential candidate , Morgan Tsvangirai , gaining more votes than Mugabe .
It is hard to imagine that a free and fair election can take place against the backdrop of such intense and systemic violence .
Indeed , even South African president Thabo Mbeki , who , despite an outcry from many of his citizens , has supported Mugabe , felt compelled to label it a `` cause for serious concern . ''
In the majority opinion in Boumediene v. Bush , Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote that `` Liberty and security can be reconciled ; and in our system they are reconciled within the framework of the law . '' But there is no rule of law left in Zimbabwe -- no habeas corpus and no check on arbitrary state action .
Only then can the principles underlying the Supreme Court 's decision come within reach of ordinary Zimbabweans .
This regularly engulfs him in controversy , but it can serve an educational purpose .
So , when you get history wrong , it can skew your own strategic choices .
But , worse than that , blindness to what really happened in the past can distort the development of your society .
Finally , while nation states remain the basic building blocs in international affairs , and loyalty to your nation -- patriotism -- is a fine thing , crude nationalism can be deeply destructive .
Rigorous historical enquiry can save us from blindness about who we are and what we can do .
Moreover , some sorts of knowledge can rapidly become redundant .
There will be no worthwhile American offer on the environment until there is a deal in Congress .
This year 's task may be to reach a global understanding in Copenhagen that is not too prescriptive , but which is more than aspirational and into which an American domestic political agreement can be incorporated once Obama achieves it .
All of us must hope that the first Internet-generation American President can lead his own country and the rest of humanity into a safer and more sustainably prosperous future .
American policy might as well have been made in Likud 's headquarters .
The American diplomats ' arguments about process did not on the whole carry over into disagreement about the content of a peace deal .
Some system of joint or international sovereignty over Jerusalem 's holy places and the division of the city so that it can become the capital of two states .
Who is there now who can still light a candle in the dark ?
Like most recent American presidents , Obama campaigned on a promise to work with his political opponents for the greater good of the country .
Bill Clinton said much the same thing before he was elected , and then spent his first term in a knockdown fight with Newt Gingrich 's Republican majority in Congress , and his second term fighting off impeachment .
His selection of Republicans for key posts -- including retaining Robert Gates as Secretary of Defense -- has raised a few eyebrows among his supporters .
But , above all , he has tried hard to secure Republican support for his efforts to prevent the economy from disappearing into a deep recessionary hole .
Only three maverick Republican Senators went along with Obama 's proposals to get the plan accepted .
And in the House of Representatives , the Republicans unanimously rejected every amendment , every compromise , and every courtesy that he offered .
Second , he and his administration were so busy trying to build consensus that they watered down some of the vital ingredients of the stimulus package , and failed to defend it robustly from Republican attack .
Here we have had Republicans criticizing an increase in America 's budget deficit after doubling America 's national debt in the Bush presidency 's eight years .
Moreover , Republicans ' belief that only tax cuts , not public spending , will delivery recovery is a sad example of blinkered ideology .
After all , the wise , the moderate , and the floating voter do not switch on the radio to listen to archconservatives like the American broadcaster Rush Limbaugh .
He reshaped American politics , pulling the center firmly to the right .
Obama 's aides have confessed that he modeled his own election program on the sunny and optimistic decency of the Republican actor .
The Panthers of Identity Politics LONDON -- I was in Jordan , that beautiful oasis of calm and moderation in a difficult and dangerous neighborhood , when I first heard the news about the murder of two British soldiers and a Catholic policeman by dissident republican terrorists in Northern Ireland .
Maalouf hopes that one day he can call all of the Middle East his homeland , and that his grandson will find his book a strange memento of a time when these arguments had to be put forward .
At its heart lay a simple proposition : the republicans , who called for and bombed for a United Ireland -- hammering together the predominantly Protestant North and the overwhelmingly Catholic South -- accepted that constitutional change could come only through the ballot box .
In return , the Protestant majority in the north accepted that republicans should not have to accept the symbols of a state to which they felt no loyalty .
What Cheney did was to feed and nourish the Bush prejudices , and to move ruthlessly and energetically to occupy the policymaking ground left vacant by the President 's indolence and National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice 's lack of political clout .
He was an apologist for American power , even though during the Vietnam years he had wriggled and dodged to avoid being at the sharp , conscripted end of it .
He thought that the American president should operate beyond the checks and balances applied by the US Constitution , just as his country should not be constrained by any international rules .
I can not think of one who did so much damage to America at home and to its reputation abroad .
The Obama Effect LONDON -- In the last two months , I have been in eight American cities -- Boston , New York , Washington , Houston , Chicago , Los Angeles , San Francisco , and Seattle .
American airlines are pretty awful .
Do American air travelers know just how bad the service that they get really is ?
American airports are as dire as British ones , maybe worse .
My guess is that much of this is the result of traditional American ebullience : the view that what goes down will sooner or later bounce back up .
Despite the ubiquitous efforts of Fox News , President Barack Obama dominates , enthralls , and enthuses the audience of American voters -- consumers , workers , investors , one and all .
He is , as one American commentator calls him , The One .
And if you 're an American , you observe other countries around the world -LRB- especially in Europe -RRB- where people say , `` If only he was ours . ''
If you assume that governing is like campaigning -- that you have to be on top of the debate 24 hours a day , seven days a week -- can you really anticipate a long shelf life ?
History , Used and Abused LONDON -- In her brilliant book , `` The Uses and Abuses of History '' the historian Margaret Macmillan tells a story about two Americans discussing the atrocities of September 11 , 2001 .
We are told that NATO and the West can not build a nation there and that the goals that have been set for establishing democracy and prosperity are unattainable .
It is vanity to think that anything can be done to prevent this .
So the West can do better .
When you do n't like a government , you can turn the rascals out without overthrowing the whole system .
Outsiders , even admirers , have often wondered how the most globalized country in the world -- a continent inhabited by people from every land -- can be so irrationally insular on some issues .
Maybe it 's no coincidence that Groucho Marx was an American citizen .
But surely the way a society cares for its sick and needy and elderly is sufficiently important to deserve serious and thoughtful argument based on what we really can see with our own eyes rather than on uninformed partisan prejudice .
Since then , Blair has become an adviser to banks -LRB- which need all the advice they can get these days -RRB- , is touring the world to promote a sensible policy on global warming and climate change , has created a foundation to help bridge the divide between different faiths , and will lecture on religion at Yale .
There can not be a Palestinian state without dealing with West Bank settlements .
How can you have a viable state carved up by fences , military roads , and barbed wire ?
Moreover , a Palestinian state would not only comprise the West Bank and Gaza , but presumably would also have to accommodate the principal political parties in each area . Attempts to destroy Hamas -- whether politically or physically -- have not worked and can not work .
The Americans and Europeans committed a major error in conspiring to destroy the Fatah-Hamas national unity government , which was created largely thanks to the diplomacy of Saudi Arabia and other Arab League countries .
I hope that Blair is saying that to his American friends .
His greatest achievement was the peace deal in Northern Ireland . That historic triumph depended on bringing in Sinn Fein politicians -- leaders of the Irish Republican movement who in many cases could not be distinguished from the IRA , which bombed , shot , and maimed civilians in pursuit of its political goals .
Maybe Blair has hit on how this can be achieved .
But the dark side of Mao can not be totally expunged .
The mother of a Chinese journalist -LRB- now living outside the country -RRB- had been one of those who returned after 1949 to her homeland with her husband and family from a comfortable life at an American university .
Britain can rest easy that its world role will remain the aspiring Jeeves of the White House .
She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President José Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve-up of jobs .
We would be rejecting a country that is an important regional power , a significant NATO member , and a crucial energy hub .
So what can we do to nudge things forward in a region where America is again engaged but not respected , and where Europe is neither ?
Money , however , can trigger all sorts of other emotions -- like rage , for example .
The Nobel Laureate Amartya Sen notes in his latest magisterial book The Idea of Justice that most people understand that a process is fair when they can detect a connection between effort and reward .
It is not as though Africa lacked resources or the ability to govern itself well . Peaceful Botswana is a good example of what can be achieved .
While climate , geography , and the colonial past share some of the blame for today 's misery , most of the responsibility belongs to those African governments that have behaved so badly .
He also points out that less than 5 % of total trade in Africa is undertaken between African countries .
Obama can rage and weep .
I do not think , therefore , that Obama will be too vexed by some of the criticism he faces at the end of his first year in office , though he will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedy 's old seat .
The right angrily denounces him as a crypto-communist because he wants every American to have health care .
If he gets them right , he can forget about his short-term critics .
China 's clash with Google and US protests at cyber attacks on American targets remind the outside world , as well as America 's media and political elites , of the difference in values between the two countries .
Americans , too , Chinese officials should remember , have `` face '' that they do not wish to lose .
Japanese businessmen may be a little puzzled by the creative chaos of India ; the argumentative culture can seem alien to them .
It is not that they have given up on government ; they are just realistic about what it can achieve .
Interior Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram , a tough reformer , has this problem in his sights , but it can not be solved by better policing alone .
And , to be fair , Nitish Kumar , the chief minister of Bihar , a poor state that previously was a byword for corruption and incompetence , has shown what can be done by beginning a serious transformation of his state in just five years .
If India 's other states -- and the central government -- can follow this example , then the polish of India will not lose its shine .
LONDON -- Volcanoes have consequences -- and I 'm not just thinking about the chaos caused to air travel by Iceland 's unpronounceable last eruption -LRB- known to the Pentagon as E-15 -RRB- .
In 1783 , a volcano in Iceland spewed so much ash into the atmosphere that the entire northern hemisphere was cooled for almost three years .
But can this infatuation possibly last ?
But if the coalition works and lasts , then we will see not so much a political volcano in Britain as a real shift in the tectonic plates .
LONDON -- American exceptionalism , when it runs rampant , is a tsunami to be avoided .
So , presumably , should the American companies like Transocean and Halliburton , which were part of this doomed enterprise .
So , too , was that of the American companies that caused the chemical disaster at Union Carbide 's plant in Bhopal , India -LRB- which killed 3,000 initially and perhaps another 15,000 in later years -RRB- , and of those that caused the Piper Alpha oil-rig accident , which killed 167 people in the North Sea in 1988 .
Before attacking the allegedly foreign BP , American politicians might also pause for a moment to reflect on the intimate links between politics and the oil industry in the United States .
But it does remind us that , while the US is in many respects the most globalized society in the world , it can also be surprisingly insular and nationalistic .
Americans ' knowledge of what happens abroad is limited , and often reduced to a cartoon-strip view of the rest of the world .
Americans identify BP as a British firm , and they know that Britain is in Europe .
But we should n't allow American politicians who do not even possess passports to write us off with the same patronizing sneer that some Europeans used to reserve for President George W. Bush 's administration and policies .
How can we push through the reforms that will cut public spending to levels that we can afford and raise our ability to compete internationally ?
European exceptionalism -- the idea that we are the best at delivering values and prosperity -- is as much a problem as the American kind .
Surrounded by a forbidding wall , watchtowers , and deadly buffer zones , I entered with a hard-to-obtain visa at the Erez crossing -- iron gates , an interrogation by bored young immigration officers and scanners .
With the changes in the import controls on Gaza -- there is now a list of what can not be taken in , rather than of what can -- more goods should arrive .
Moreover , ordinary Gazans can not rebuild their homes and schools , because building materials remain proscribed , or are dribbled in only for UN projects .
Doctors and students can leave Gaza only rarely to attend conferences or universities abroad .
It is the deepest countryside . As I write this under a vine in my vegetable garden , I look west across wooded hills and can not see another building .
So now I can use my laptop just as though I was at home in London , and the satellite dish gives us the world 's television and radio stations as well .
Will this environmental disaster persuade Americans to look harder at their incontinent use of energy ?
How can we make markets and technology serve us rather than -- as so often seems to be true -- vice versa ?
How can we ensure that technology meets the needs of the poor and does not simply increase the divide between laptop-owning , Blackberry-using Westerners like me and the poor in India or China ?
Even some in the Vatican feared this outcome .
The message conveyed by the pope and by the religious leaders with whom he met defied the contemporary assumption that the public can not understand anything longer or more complicated than a sound bite .
The late American politician Adlai Stevenson once said that the average man -LRB- or woman -RRB- was a great deal better than average .
This is what Benedict does , as does his interlocutor in Britain , the head of the Anglican Communion , Rowan Williams , Archbishop of Canterbury .
It was here that Thomas More , later canonized , was put on trial for defying his master , King Henry VIII .
Reason devoid of ethics can prove insufficient to support the survival of civilization , a point that the pope 's own homeland , Germany , discovered in the 1930 's .
Where can and should religion and ethics contribute to our political discourse ?
We need leaders with sufficient mastery of detail , like China 's last premier Zhu Rongji , who can not only tell us how they will get us from A to Z , but can actually lead us from A to B.
Now Obama faces defeat in the mid-term elections at the hands of Republicans whose past policies created many of the problems that weigh him down today .
This nonsense on stilts is articulated by some zany candidates who enjoy the support of the Tea Party , a reference not to the Mad Hatter in Alice in Wonderland , which would be fitting , but to the Bostonians who rebelled against colonial Britain 's imposition of taxes in the eighteenth century .
It is more than odd to argue that the rest of the world has to cope with a built-in advantage for China 's exporters because its authoritarian political system can not cope with any change .
Many of President Barack Obama 's political opponents regard the notion of American leadership of international institutions and a commitment to engagement and multilateralism as a form of un-American treachery .
The travelers who can find no room at the inn .
Leave aside the fact that you can make an even stronger case against Godlessness -- remember the atrocities of atheist totalitarians in the twentieth century -- and consider the assault on those whose commitment to literal interpretations of religious texts means that they deny science and reason .
Right-wing American attitudes about their country 's place in the world are invigorated by fundamentalist dogma .
President Barack Obama is an un-American Muslim .
Palestine from the Jordan River to the coast should be handed to Israel so that the world can end with a cataclysmic Christian triumph .
Indeed , the US-China relationship will be the most significant bilateral engagement in shaping the course of the twenty-first century .
While the world 's democracies are not slow to criticize American leadership , they know that they rely on the US in tackling most serious global problems .
Its leaders seem to have interpreted Obama 's attempts to engage with them , down-playing bilateral aggravations , as a sign of American weakness in the wake of Wall Street 's crash and military reverses in Iraq and Afghanistan .
What else can explain the treatment of Obama on his first trip to China and during the disastrous 2009 climate-change conference in Copenhagen , where a relatively minor Chinese official wagged his finger in the face of the US president ?
There must be some explanation for China choosing this moment even for an unnecessary and ham-fisted row with the Vatican .
He will hear for himself the strength of American arguments about trade and the renminbi 's exchange rate .
You can see the consequences in the sprawling cemeteries of northern and eastern France and the borderlands of central Europe .
True to form , he recently announced a big increase in US food aid -- good for the hungry poor and good for American farmers .
He did not dwell on the diversion of American corn from food to heavily subsidized bio-fuels .
I do not imagine you will find too many vegetarians in Crawford , Texas , and the meat consumed by the average American is way ahead of the figure for any other country .
Meanwhile , the US government papered over the fact that Americans , who make up less than 4 % of the world 's population , own and drive 250 million of the world 's 520 million cars .
How do we deal with equity on a global scale when we can not even deal with it country by country ?
Most importantly , American and European leadership is required to avoid a lurch into protectionism and the consequent killing off of the Doha trade round .
Moreover , the American presidential campaign has shown that it is not only the absence of a responsible hands-on American policy in the last seven years that has contributed to today 's bloody stand-off .
It is difficult to see how any future American diplomacy based on this approach will attract Palestinian support .
But global poverty , environmental catastrophe , proliferation , Afghanistan and the Middle East are not problems that can be put on hold while Europe talks to itself .
Moreover , Europe too often gives the impression that its citizens can be taken for granted .
But Europe can not be built on this democratic deficit .
But , as a significant component of Europe 's policy toward its most crucial neighbors , the successes of the Barcelona Process were modest : a great idea on the launch pad had difficulty getting off the ground .
And guess which country leads the opposition to any significant opening up of European agriculture .
What would incredibly have been former British Prime Minister Tony Blair 's first visit to Gaza in his first year of peace-making had to be canceled recently because of security concerns .
The Palin Non-Factor LONDON -- Senator John McCain is a genuine American hero .
Unlike the so-called `` chicken hawks '' who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , McCain 's life is not at odds with his politics .
So when , as a presidential candidate , McCain said that , if elected , he would seek to work with Democrats and independents , and that he would search for consensus , it was easy to believe him .
He was arguing as Wall Street went into meltdown that the American economy 's fundamentals were still strong .
The Republicans under Bush have turned huge surpluses into terrifyingly large deficits .
America needs to rein in its household and fiscal spending , so that it can cut the amount of money that it borrows and owes .
When they get into the polling booth in November , will Americans vote on `` culture wars '' issues -- sex and guns -- or on the basis of whether they can afford to pay their mortgages ?
The American Leader We Need
The American Leader We Need LONDON -- Around the world , America 's presidential election campaign has attracted as much attention as domestic political controversies in each of our own countries .
What does the world want -- and , perhaps more importantly , what does it need -- from a new American President ?
Much as some may hate to admit it , anti-Americanism is a sentiment that has been fed and nurtured during the Bush years .
Yet the world still needs American leadership .
Yes , American military prowess has drained away into what Winston Churchill called `` the thankless deserts of Mesopotamia , '' and its moral authority has been weakened by events in places from Guantánamo Bay to Abu Ghraib .
A new American president would do well to remember the disastrous consequences of protectionism in the 1920 's and 1930 's . President Herbert Hoover 's failures should be a sanguinary lesson .
The US should focus more attention on China , without ever pretending that China 's record on human rights can be swept under the carpet .
China can not sustain its economic development without political changes and environmental improvements .
Israel and Palestine have become , he said , the hopeless and bloody prism through which American diplomacy often seems to see the world .
This dualism has significant consequences for how we think , act , and feel .
The philosopher Peter Singer discusses the notion of a moral circle -- the circle of things that matter to us , that have moral significance .
This circle can be very small , including just your kin and those with whom you interact on a daily basis , or it can be extremely broad , including all humans , but also fetuses , animals , plants , and even the earth itself .
For most of us , the circle is mid-sized , and working out its precise boundaries -- does it include stem cells , for instance ? -- can be a source of anguish and conflict .
This reasoning can apply as well to how we regard adults .
Focusing on the soul , then , leads to moral concern , and can expand the moral circle .
The opposite can occur when someone is viewed solely as a body , and one emotion that supports this outcome is disgust .
But disgust can readily extend to people .
Even schoolchildren can recite some projected outcomes : oceans will warm and glaciers will melt , causing sea levels to rise and salt water to inundate low-lying coastal areas .
Prolonged heat can increase smog and the dispersal of allergens , causing respiratory symptoms .
But advanced nations , too , can fall victim to surprise attack -- as happened last year when the first outbreak of West Nile virus in North America killed seven New Yorkers .
Similarly , Dengue -LRB- or `` breakbone '' -RRB- fever -- a severe flu-like viral illness that can cause fatal internal bleeding -- has broadened its range in the Americas over the past 10 years , reaching down to Buenos Aires by the end of the 1990 's .
These outbreaks , of course , can not be traced conclusively to global warming .
Paradoxically , droughts can favor water-borne diseases -- including cholera , a cause of severe diarrhea -- by wiping out supplies of safe drinking water , concentrating contaminants , and preventing good hygiene .
Because we have a framework for high-level discussions , we can -- and do -- pick up the phone and talk .
Americans have been through this type of debate before .
Some Chinese are suspicious that the US push for RMB appreciation and financial-market liberalization is really an attempt to gain trade advantages and generate profits for American companies while slowing China 's economic expansion .
But neither country can protect its way to prosperity : protectionism harms China 's industrial development and our efforts to build stronger trading relationships .
But , frankly , it will be easier to do this if the American public and the US Congress see that China is serious about reform and expanding access to its markets .
We supported China 's membership in the World Trade Organization , the Inter-American Development Bank and the Financial Action Task Force .
While progress has not been as rapid as we would like , these signposts point the way to further benefits for Americans and Chinese alike .
We also know that fish catches can remain high -LRB- and in fact usually do -RRB- even as stocks collapse , as illustrated by cod off Eastern Canada , which yielded good catches until the fishery had to be closed because there were literally no fish left .
One reason why acquaculture 's practitioners can get away with this is that the public assumes that all of these operations are similar , and that they all add to the global fish supply . This is simply not the case .
The newest bit of good news comes from The Center on Wealth and Philanthropy at Boston College , which estimates that Americans will give about $ 250 billion in individual charitable contributions in 2010 , up several billion from last year .
It also can explain our moral attachments to those we see as members of our immediate tribe .
These can motivate us to think of distant people as if they were friends and family .
This can drive our powerful impulse to deal with distant evils through sanctions , bombings , and war .
Musharraf is now desperate to beg , steal , or borrow any political legitimacy he can get -- including from the two civilian political leaders he exiled .
The two civilian leaders may soon begin vying with each other to see who can claim to be more anti-Musharraf .
Nor can Musharraf count on the military , despite his recent appointments .
If they come to believe that Musharraf is sinking , they can be counted on to cut him loose , especially if he becomes a civilian .
In Guinea , for example , rights that appear to have been awarded without significant benefit to the public treasury were swiftly re-sold for several billion euros .
Attacks on installations have often escalated to the point that overall supplies are significantly reduced and less secure .
Between them , European and American rules can require many resource-extraction companies to be transparent , but there remain many companies that come under other jurisdictions .
Or you can take a poppy field and dig a large pond , fill it with fish , plant trees around it , buy some ducks and have your children watch them .
The promise of funds to fight poppy production galvanized the American Embassy in Islamabad into action .
The wife of the then American Ambassador personally threw her weight behind the program .
Injections of American money promised to help pay office administration costs and keep NGO jobs alive .
Chirac chided EU candidate countries for behaving irresponsibly when they expressed support for America 's effort to disarm Iraq with the use of force if need be .
The French president spoke of `` infantilism '' on the part of the candidate countries and said that they should have consulted first with the EU or else remained silent .
Many people in the candidate countries have long been convinced that their countries wo n't be admitted to the EU as equals .
Their objections range from lower farm subsidies for the candidate countries to the new decision-making mechanism in the EU that was adopted at the Nice summit two years ago .
Public opinion in some candidate countries was ambivalent about the EU even before Chirac 's remarks .
At any rate , Chirac has handed Euroskeptics new ammunition with which to target the `` no '' vote ahead of EU membership referenda in the candidate countries later this year .
France and Germany fail to grasp that the candidate countries ' support for the US is not aimed against `` old Europe . ''
Nor should France and Germany regard support for the US in the candidate countries as tantamount to approval of a war against Iraq or any other country .
Indeed , public opinion in all candidate countries is against a military action in Iraq . The candidate countries have simply shown loyalty to the US at a time when the US needs them .
The candidate countries are caught between a rock and a hard place .
If they refuse to express support for the US , on whom they rely for their security , the Americans will regard them as disloyal .
When they implicitly refused to support the anti-American stances of France and Germany in the current crisis , they were seen as disloyal to the EU .
He did not attack Great Britain , Spain , or Italy for their pro-American stance as he did for the East Europeans , which made his remarks sound all the more jarring to the ears of people in the candidate countries .
Even so , he seemed to be telling them that France and Germany come first , ahead of all other current members , to say nothing of the candidate countries .
Such reforms can work only if the big member states do not succumb to the temptation to use these mechanisms to bypass or ride roughshod over the interests of the small countries .
The fact that the Americans were quicker on their feet than the EU also helped to solidify a sense of loyalty that many people in the new democracies feel toward the US .
A significant change in Europe 's economic fortunes can not be expected unless deep structural changes are introduced .
With the economic benefits of EU membership now seeming much less than expected , the intensity of pro-EU sentiments in the candidate countries has significantly declined .
Although overwhelming majorities voted in favor of membership in virtually all candidate countries where membership referendums have taken place , many people did not turn out to vote .
Given their experiences with the drawn-out enlargement process , most candidate countries are leery about the motives of some large EU countries .
If those countries have been egoistic in the past fourteen years , why should candidates believe they would not misuse new decision-making mechanisms to the detriment of small countries -- hence the opposition of some candidate countries to creating the post of a European president .
Such fears have also been strengthened by schizophrenic behavior , particularly French President Jacques Chirac 's chastising candidate countries for voicing support for the US regarding Iraq .
Milder versions of nationalist , euroskeptic , or xenophobic slogans can now be heard from political parties such as the Czech Republic 's Civic Democrats or Hungary 's Fidesz , the largest opposition forces in those countries .
The last of the three countries is a candidate for EU membership in 2007 , and the accession process has had a moderating effect on Romanian politics .
The international community , especially the EU , can offer few incentives to encourage moderate politics in these two countries .
While most Russians seem to realize that their country can no longer be `` salvaged '' by the Communists , many are betting on semi-authoritarian rule and national revival stemming from traditional Russian values .
Rumsfeld 's remarks were divisive because Western Europe seems to know even less than the Americans about Europe 's eastern half .
The three Baltic states will most likely cooperate much more closely with the Scandinavian countries than with the other new members .
It may be more natural for the Czech Republic , Hungary , and Slovakia to strive for closer regional cooperation with Austria and Slovenia , the contours of which can already be seen in some existing regional groupings .
Even before attaining EU membership , all candidate countries ' governments had to start adopting measures aimed at meeting the Maastricht criteria within several years , because the new members had committed themselves in their accession treaties to adopting the euro .
The ruling coalitions can finally afford , at least temporarily , `` the luxury '' of populism that opposition parties used as their main weapon in the last few years .
The rest they can manage on their own .
This is not to suggest , of course , that just because the EU can not agree on a budget or a constitution Europe is approaching yet another historical calamity .
Although the collapse of the common currency area owing to political squabbles seems unlikely at this point , it can not be ruled out entirely .
Obviously , we also can not completely rule out the possibility of a subsequent weakening or disintegration of Europe 's common political structures .
By agreeing to significant compromises , the leaders of some new member states were , among other things , trying to show that rekindling strong national egoism in Europe is a dangerous , if not uncontrollable , game .
But this does not mean that China can do nothing to help Europe .
While the attempt by Chinese officials to extract a huge concession -- market-economy status -- is ill-timed and in poor taste , China 's government needs to weigh the significant benefits that it could receive by providing limited but meaningful assistance to Europe in its hour of need .
China can take three measures to help Europe , but , if they are to succeed , the EU must set aside some of its long-standing suspicions about China .
First , China can help boost the EU 's exports by lowering its administrative trade barriers to products from the EU .
Second , China can participate in bank recapitalization in Europe .
What kind of guarantee of a good faith effort to reach a peace agreement can come from such a stance ?
Where we can not agree , however , is on a `` right of return '' for Palestinians .
When a country 's president delivers crazy speeches , denies the Holocaust , and does not hide his ambition to control the Middle East , who can guarantee that the threat is not serious ?
But that does not mean that we can afford to ignore an obvious threat from countries that want to destroy us .
But we can not reach that goal alone , much less negotiate with those whose idea of a stable and peaceful Middle East is one that has no place for Israel .
Policy debates in the US are chiefly preoccupied with ensuring that banks are never `` too big to fail '' ; that private investors rather than taxpayers hold `` contingent capital , '' which in a crash can be converted into equity ; and that `` over-the-counter '' markets ' functioning be improved through greater reliance on centralized trading , clearing , and settlements .
Small failures can give birth to large panics , which means that in a crisis almost everyone is `` too big to fail . ''
The reality is that we can have as large a financial boom and subsequent bust as we just experienced , resulting in the same economic misery , in a world made up only of small banks .
Today , we know that only a political process that takes each party 's legitimate national interests into account can reduce the risk of renewed violent conflict in the Middle East .
Syria , however , can not be ignored , since it is capable of undermining attempts at reaching an Israeli-Palestinian track or stabilizing Lebanon .
These interests are not mutually exclusive and can be summarized as follows : Israel 's security , Palestinian statehood , Lebanon 's sovereignty and Syria 's territorial integrity .
How can Palestinian statehood be preserved ?
They should also make clear that no regional deal can be made at the expense of Lebanon 's sovereignty .
But isolating the Palestinian government significantly heightened the chaos in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip and has effectively contributed to a deconstruction of statehood .
By contrast , some American policymakers continue to believe that Iran would abandon its enrichment program if only the European Union imposed unilateral sanctions .
Such a policy can include additional Security Council sanctions , but it must also carry an offer of dialogue that pragmatic forces in Iran would not refuse .
Only the US can give the Islamic Republic the security guarantees it craves .
Such passivity is not in Iran 's interest . As the Middle East 's essential regional player , Iran can trigger and heat up conflicts as well as contribute to their solution .
Yet few in the Iranian establishment understand that being the leading regional power brings responsibility ; and that only responsible behavior can create legitimacy and acceptance that Iran craves .
Iranian policymakers must , therefore , try to develop their own ideas for a negotiated resolution of the nuclear and other regional security issues , as well as to think about how Iran can rebuild trust in its actions .
But it can not have it both ways , seeking guarantees against regime change at home , and promoting it in its neighborhood .
American officials often underestimate this threat perception and deep suspicion of US intentions , but they are powerful factors in Iranian politics .
Similarly , the South-East European Cooperation Process is one of the relatively new regional organizations that contribute to candidate and potential candidate countries ' preparations for EU membership , providing the first genuine region-wide policy forum where both EU members and candidates participate .
But these bodies must not be seen as substitutes for the far more comprehensive accession process , which only the EU itself can initiate .
Certainly , the pace of candidate countries ' approach to the Union depends on the speed of their reforms .
George Santayana , the Spanish-American poet and philosopher , once warned that `` Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it . '' This is especially true in the field of bridge building , where over the past 150 years dramatic failures have occurred at surprisingly regular intervals .
The bridge was of a relatively new type , known as a cantilever , which had become quite fashionable .
Although it was only slightly longer than the highly successful cantilever bridge over the Forth River near Edinburgh , Scotland , the Quebec Bridge was so inadequately designed that it collapsed before it was completed .
Unfortunately , human memory fades with time , and new generations of engineers with no vivid experience of past failures can proceed with hubris to design again beyond wise limits .
Building a new bridge following a familiar model can lead to complacency .
It is good to have a banking industry run by a diversity of canny financiers capable of recognizing and willing to fund innovative investment projects .
Productivity is an important element . Only a high-productivity economy can promise all or most working-age persons a range of careers at high wage rates .
In many cases , post-conflict aid can reach extraordinarily high levels after the conflicts ends , both in per capita terms and relative to the size of the recipient economies .
Plato thought that three conditions must be met in order for us to `` know '' something : the notion in question must actually be true ; we must believe it -LRB- because if we do not believe something that is true , we can hardly claim that we know it -RRB- ; and , most subtly , it must be justifiable -- there must be reasons why we believe the notion to be true .
You can think of the paradox in another way : we live in an era when knowledge -- in the sense of information -- is constantly available in real time through computers , smart phones , electronic tablets , and book readers .
Of course , it may be that humanity has always been short on critical thinking . That 's why we keep allowing ourselves to be talked into supporting unjust wars -LRB- not to mention actually dying in them -RRB- , or voting for people whose main job seems to be to amass as much wealth for the rich as they can get away with .
This can and must change , but it requires a grassroots movement that uses blogs , online magazines and newspapers , book clubs and meet-up clubs , and anything else that might work to promote educational opportunities to develop critical-thinking skills .
We can predict which islands were likely large enough to have once supported unique species and so estimate how many species are missing . The total is nearly 1,000 .
Our results show that conservation efforts can reduce the irreversible loss of biodiversity .
But why did farmers in Kenya and other African countries not have access to drought-resistant crop varieties before catastrophe struck ?
African governments have been told that genetic engineering is dangerous , with many Europeans and their national governments -- as well as transnational NGOs such as Greenpeace -- determined to stay away from it .
Most of the food consumed by Americans is either genetically modified or exposed to genetic modification somewhere in the production process .
First , `` genetic engineering can not solve the hunger and food insecurity problem . '' This is correct : GM foods can not singlehandedly solve the problem , but they can be an important part of the solution .
The Paranoid Style in Russian Politics An old saying in politics in Moscow is that relations between the United States and Russia are always better when a Republican rules in the White House .
We are statesmen , and the Republicans are statesmen .
Russians , it seems , can only feel good about themselves if they are contesting the world 's great power head to head .
Nevertheless , Putin still considers it necessary to pose in front of television cameras every few months to report that Russian scientists have developed some new missile that can penetrate any anti-ballistic missile system that the US may erect .
According to Tretyakov , `` the coming to power of a Democrat as president in America is incomparably worse for us than the savage imperialism of today 's Republican administration . ''
Whereas `` the Republicans ' actions are not aimed at us , '' but instead `` at Islamic terrorists and rogue states , '' under a Democratic president , Russia would likely `` become a prime focus of antagonism , due to our authoritarianism , our lack of democracy , stifling of freedom , and violation of human rights . ''
Thus , for Tretyakov , `` bad Bush and his Republicans are better for us than the very bad Democrats . ''
The social awareness of Homo Putinicus , meticulously burnished by television propagandists , is such that pride in Lugovoi 's achievement and indignation at the infamous campaign unleashed against him by those who hate Russia can jangle within the breast of ordinary Russians without the slightest dissonance .
Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Boris Berezovsky , but subsequently fell out with him .
And China is succeeding , most importantly by consistently reinforcing Putin 's anti-American and anti-Western agenda .
China can solve its domestic problems , such as separatism , by itself .
While this belief unfortunately does have some validity , it requires one very important caveat : Russia is part of that ship . Russia can make advances to Hamas , Hezbollah , and Iran , and it can remind the Arab world that the Soviet Union helped it develop and offered it protection in the United Nations Security Council .
Indeed , in Soviet films , Baltic actors were usually cast in the roles of Nazi generals and American spies .
We still can not name its players , but we are aware of its interests and impact on events in the same way that astronomers discern a new but invisible planet by recording its impact on known and visible objects in space .
Both sides firmly agree that there is nothing that the `` weakened and cowardly West '' can do to restrain Russia , a nuclear and petroleum superpower , beyond financial retribution against those Russian rulers with vast assets abroad .
But the national kleptocrats seem to believe that they can live without overseas assets , or without educating their children and maintaining residences in the West .
I can not predict who will win this growing confrontation .
The Kremlin 's achievements in securing the help of Americans willing to offer their influence are equally impressive .
It is highly instructive to read the recommendations of these people and groups , as they unobtrusively render the objectives of their Kremlin clients into a language familiar to American leaders .
Unless that sort of appeasement is pursued , he warns , Russia will continue to oppose the US `` wherever and whenever it can . ''
The Sino-American relationship needs to be taken to a new level .
One wants to get his hooks into a further trillion dollars that it can pick away at , while the other wants to become `` a central construct of the system of international relations . ''
Given the morality of federal forces -LRB- or the lack thereof -RRB- , Medvedev should have understood that such rhetoric could result only in a significant increase in brutality and extrajudicial killings all over the North Caucasus .
Indeed , the paradox today is that Islamists seem to be losing influence in the Arab world while strengthening their position in the North Caucasus , where the Kremlin has fought a twelve-year war without understanding the scope of the tragedy taking place -- a civil and ethnic war for which the Kremlin itself bears significant responsibility .
American antitrust law , when transplanted to Japan after World War II by General MacArthur , for example , led to only six criminal prosecutions in thirty years .
- Only a few rules are freestanding , i.e. can be fully understood and enforced without reference to other legal terms and concepts .
If countries that adopt standards are defined as `` safe '' investments , foreign investors can justify their actions even if things go badly wrong .
But this can work only as long as the US does not follow suit and continues to serve as consumer of last resort .
This will inevitably make fixed exchange-rate links crack under pressure as the same monetary policy can not possibly be appropriate for both regions .
BRUSSELS -- It is an old debate , but tensions within the euro area have revived it : can a monetary union survive without some form of fiscal federalism ?
Americans think they know what it is : a central government with a large budget -LRB- about 20 % of GDP -RRB- , whose macroeconomic role is to carry out counter-cyclical spending and taxation , as most US states are constitutionally committed to some sort of balanced budget .
No one , not even die-hard European integrationists , imagines that it can reach 5 % of GDP -LRB- it is more likely to decrease -RRB- .
A second solution is what can be called `` distributive federalism . ''
These transfers are significant for poor countries : about ¤ 300 per person for Greece and Portugal every year from 2000 to 2006 .
This is what inspired the decision taken in May to create the European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- , by which assistance can be provided , jointly with the International Monetary Fund , to partner countries in times of crisis .
In Germany , many consider the EFSF a breach of the fundamental principle that EU governments can not be bailed-out by their partners .
But an important insight from history is that unsustainable fiscal policies are more likely to result in defaults when fiscal problems can not be inflated away .
Loose analogies can easily be regarded at proofs , and a vast array of experiences can be enrolled to support a particular view .
History can be an essential compass when past experience provides unambiguous headings .
Governance by analogy can easily lead to muddled governance .
One year of world GDP amounts to $ 60 trillion , which corresponds to about five centuries of official development assistance or , to be even more concrete , 10 billion classrooms in African villages .
A simple way to reduce the frequency of crises is to require banks to rely more on equity and less on debt so that they can incur more losses without going bankrupt -- a measure that is currently being considered at the global level .
Such an insignificant increase would at most lead a few bank customers to turn to alternative sources of finance , most likely with no discernible effect on GDP .
The report oddly finds that raising the target capital ratio would have a significantly greater adverse effect in the United States than in the eurozone , despite the latter 's more pronounced reliance on bank-based financing .
Moreover , the report assumes that monetary policy can offset part of the shock , which may not be true where near-zero interest rates already prevail -- or in the euro area where the effort may vary across countries while monetary policy is uniform .
So the impact of new regulations on countries where banks are significantly under-capitalized could easily be four or five times larger than the headline figure -- say , in the vicinity of a percentage point at a four-year horizon .
But even the ECB can not be indifferent to the risks of appreciation , because a strong euro may seriously complicate economic adjustment in countries like Spain , Portugal , Greece , and Ireland .
But everyone can not have a weak currency at the same time , so , in 1944 , responsibility for preventing beggar-thy-neighbor depreciation was assigned to the International Monetary Fund , whose Articles of Agreement mandate it to `` exercise firm surveillance over the exchange-rate policies '' of member countries .
Asymmetry of this magnitude requires a significant adjustment of relative prices .
The IMF can not substitute for governments ' choices . But it can help the search for a solution .
When the rules of the global monetary game are unclear , inadequate , or obsolete , countries can not abide by them , and some may attempt to exploit them to their own advantage .
And floating and fixed exchange-rate regimes coexist uneasily , because volatility tends to affect the floating currencies -LRB- often the euro , and recently the Latin American currencies -RRB- .
According to an unwritten rule that has emerged over the years , central banks can do as they see fit , as long as they keep inflation stable over the medium term .
Naturally , the major central banks are concerned with the inflation that they can control -- homemade inflation .
America 's response shows , however , that integration can not be viewed as a one-way street .
Such programs are often viewed as contradicting a basic American value , namely that admissions , lending , and hiring decisions should be based on the merits of the individual , not group distinctions .
Indeed , leading American companies , like General Motors , General Electric , and Walmart , have created affirmative action programs for hiring and selecting suppliers at their own initiative .
Similarly , anchormen and anchorwomen from all ethnic backgrounds populate American television news programs .
Affirmative action in the US has been effective in creating a large African-American middle class .
In reaching its decision , the Supreme Court took into account a legal brief submitted by 60 major American businesses , led by General Motors , asking that affirmative action be upheld .
They argued that the skills needed in today 's global marketplace can only be developed through exposure to a wide diversity of people .
From the current French viewpoint , however , laws and regulations based on ethnicity are regarded as an unwelcome encroachment on the Republican ideal .
The purpose of Lula 's visit was to support his personally appointed presidential candidate , Dilma Rousseff , who was formerly his chief of staff and the main architect of the government 's investment program , designed in 2007 to accelerate growth .
His government can claim to have reduced poverty from 35 % to 22 % of the population , and also to have maintained a trend towards lower inequality , with the Gini coefficient -- a 0-1 scale of wealth concentration -- declining from 0.583 in 2003 to 0.548 in 2008 .
But this year 's 7 % growth rate , which puts Brazil nearly on par with China and India , can not be sustained , as it exceeds potential growth by a wide margin .
But , even if Brazil can not keep growing as fast as China , it still looks likely to race ahead .
A humane version of the biomedical sciences would , for instance , acknowledge that it is not about to transcend the limits of the human body , and so it would no longer make promises that it can not keep .
Such a change can not happen unless scientists themselves first take the time to consider the consequences of their own behavior toward each other .
Already eyeing a third term , he can count on political longevity on the order of Mahathir 's 22-year rule .
Like the ACD , the ECS shifts Thai foreign policy priorities to the Southeast Asian mainland , highlighting Thailand 's role and Thaksin 's canny leadership .
Entrenched regimes everywhere can endure only if they recognize and accommodate popular aspirations .
In the absence of a willingness and ability to use violent repression , regime survival can be achieved only through concessions , accommodation , and periodic reinvention .
So who can blame Russians for suffering from the reform fatigue ?
Yet it also can not reduce reform to a nullity in order to ingratiate itself with the masses .
At the same time , the cost would have been well below any reasonable estimate of the average losses that can be expected from tsunamis .
`` Bolivia is rich , '' a Tacana Indian woman told me last week inside Madidi National Park .
Earlier in the day , we 'd witnessed a hundred capuchin and squirrel monkeys rush down from the Amazon jungle canopy and were now relaxing beside Lake Chalalan while her cousin , a shaman , blessed coca leaves as the evening 's traditional drumming and dancing began .
Running behind `` Evo '' is Jorge `` Tuto '' Quiroga , a millionaire former IBM executive from the European-descended Bolivian elite ; he is closely aligned with America 's Republican Party and is married to a Texas blonde named Ginger .
Tuto warns that , should Evo win , he might consolidate a Latin American axis-of-evil connecting a leftist Bolivia with Fidel Castro 's Cuba and Hugo Chávez 's Venezuela .
British Petroleum and American Electric Power , the largest electricity supplier in the United States , have helped the Chiquitanos buy up logging concessions , thereby doubling Noel Kempff to three million acres .
Both candidates want jobs to be created in ecological services .
Market exchange rates are not a good indicator of these differences , because they can fluctuate for other reasons .
What China needs is a more flexible exchange rate that can respond freely to market forces .
For over a decade , American strategic thinking has focused on China 's emergence as a great power in East Asia .
Moreover , on the fundamental issue of freedom -- `` the non-negotiable demand of human dignity , '' in the words of the Bush administration 's National Security Strategy -- American and Chinese visions conflict .
One reason that we can afford to increase the amount of aid we give is that the amount we are giving now is insignificant in comparison to what we spend on other things .
The United States government , for example , spends about $ 22 billion on foreign aid , while Americans privately donate perhaps another $ 10 billion .
It 's also less than $ 0.25 for every $ 100 that Americans earn .
If extreme poverty is allowed to increase , it will give rise to new problems , including new diseases that will spread from countries that can not provide adequate health care to those that can .
The resolution is non-binding , but if nations were to enact laws putting it into effect , there can be no doubt that it would interfere with freedom of expression .
By contrast , suppressing the freedom of speech of Islam 's critics merely gives rise to the suspicion that evidence and sound argument can not show their arguments to be mistaken .
But , at the same time , our greater knowledge surely forces us to acknowledge that our place in the universe is not particularly significant .
Today , we do n't need to rely on such verbal descriptions of our planet 's insignificance against the background of our galaxy .
If you go to YouTube and search for `` Carl Sagan -- Pale Blue Dot , '' you can see it , and hear Sagan himself telling us that we must cherish our world because everything humans have ever valued exists only on that pale blue dot .
He thought that it was important to confront the fact of our insignificant place in the universe , because he did not want us to live under the illusory comfort of a belief that somehow the world had been created for our sake , and that we are under the benevolent care of an all-powerful creator .
`` Dreams and Facts '' concludes with these stirring words : `` No man is liberated from fear who dare not see his place in the world as it is ; no man can achieve the greatness of which he is capable until he has allowed himself to see his own littleness . ''
After World War II , when the world was divided into nuclear-armed camps threatening each other with mutual destruction , Russell did not take the view that our insignificance , when considered against the vastness of the universe , meant that the end of life on Earth did not matter . On the contrary , he made nuclear disarmament the chief focus of his political activity for the remainder of his life .
Nevertheless , the fact that it has been taken up by the world 's most famous business school is significant .
Can such a code really take hold in the competitive world of business ? Perhaps the best hope for its success can be glimpsed in a comment made to a New York Times reporter by Max Anderson , one of the pledge 's student organizers : `` There is the feeling that we want our lives to mean something more and to run organizations for the greater good , '' he said .
Around the same time , the Philadelphia Eagles , an American football team , offered a second chance to former star Michael Vick , who was convicted of running a dog-fighting operation in which unsuccessful fighters were tortured and killed .
He had served only seven years when Kenny MacAskill , the Scottish Justice Minister , released him on compassionate grounds , based on a medical report that Megrahi has terminal cancer , and only three months to live .
We can reasonably disagree with MacAskill 's decision , but we should acknowledge that -- unless there is more going on than appears on the surface -- he was motivated by some of the finest values we are capable of exercising .
On October 24 , you can stand up against this injustice .
The Many Crises of Health Care PRINCETON -- President Barack Obama 's administration spent much of 2009 preoccupied domestically with the political fight over extending health insurance to the tens of millions of Americans who have none .
The difficulties that some Americans have with health-care reform tell us more about American hostility to government than it does about health care in general .
There are many places where savings can be made .
Development costs of $ 800 million are not unusual for a drug , and we can expect to see more of a new type of drug -- biopharmaceuticals made from living cells -- which cost even more .
Now those with the disease can lead an almost normal life , thanks to a drug called Cerezyme -- but it costs $ 175,000 a year .
In countries that provide free health care to their citizens , it is extraordinarily difficult for officials to tell anyone that the government will not pay for the only drug or medical device that can save their life -- or their child 's life .
GiveWell.net , which evaluates organizations working to save the lives of the world 's poor , has identified several that can save a life for under $ 1,000 .
Indeed , while the demands of millenarians can never be met , thus leaving repression as the only means to deal with them , nationalism may be -LRB- and often is -RRB- effectively addressed through political means : when the legitimate and more widely shared nationalist goals are met , the radical fringe often loses its wider appeal and withers away .
Frighteningly , groups like Al Qaeda can claim the mantle of popular nationalism as a means of pursuing their ultimate utopian aims .
Some are inspired by Al Qaeda , others by disgruntled Sunnis , but all can claim a nationalist mantle .
First came the scandal of leaked -LRB- actually hacked -RRB- e-mails at the climate institute of Britain 's East Anglia University .
Coming one after the other , these inflated scandals have , at least for now , dealt a massive blow to the credibility of the evidence that underpins the battle against global warming .
But , the retreat of a glacier 's `` snout '' is only one of three measures of how glaciers can change .
Before taking office , President Barack Obama had promised a doubling of American foreign assistance , from $ 25 billion to $ 50 billion , but since then Vice-President Joe Biden has warned that this commitment will probably be achieved more slowly because of the downturn .
One can only imagine the grave consequences if operations that are already spread thin are cut .
The possible impact can be gauged by looking at where the $ 300 billion in remittances are distributed .
Moreover , given that transaction costs often take a big slice of remittances , aid mechanisms could be used to create safe and cheap channels for financial flows , especially where private money can not easily reach remote rural areas , as is often the case in Africa or Asia .
He is weaker militarily now than then , he can not hit the US directly , and he must know that fresh aggression would bring the house down upon him .
Deterrence - which works by basic human nature , not through some arcane construct peculiar to the Cold War - can be brought to bear here .
The third reason for acting against Saddam is cogent : that his defiance of the Security Council since 1991 can not be allowed to stand .
The Council is more likely to accept an option of mounting a punitive program of air strikes - going well beyond what was done in 1998 - on suspected WMD sites , presidential compounds , the Republican Guard and other armed-force targets .
Free the Regulators Corporate accounting scandals - indeed , the economic history of the last decade - demonstrate that global financial markets need politically independent regulatory agencies .
Just as an independent central bank helps the private sector take long-term decisions based on a clear and stable set of rules , so an independent financial sector regulator can ensure that the rules of the regulatory game are applied consistently over time .
But only with American pressure will Russia truly be persuaded to honor its commitments to withdraw its troops from Georgia and disengage from its support of the separatists .
America once again must participate in nation building , and it can not do so on the cheap .
Georgia simply does not , and can not , collect sufficient taxes to do the job itself .
It 's that simple . Georgia can be a democratic domino in the Caucasus , but only with committed international support .
A different and healthy conservative response is possible if the tattered remnants of old threads , torn apart in the course of postcommunist modernization , can reconnect and grow together in a new way .
The problem is that everyone writes history in their own manner , and that there are no scales that can fix the precise point at which the remedy of unifying patriotism turns into the lethal poison of rabid nationalism .
The `` Putin Center '' can be displaced .
Together with the pro-democracy army chief , Gen. Ashfaq Kayani , this coalition can address Pakistan 's most pressing challenges , including terrorism .
With the addition of smaller parties and independents to the coalition , they can also impeach Musharraf and restore the judiciary , which he had deposed .
In its final year , it would like to increase the odds of a Republican victory in November 's US presidential election .
While it can not be scientifically proven -LRB- or disproven , for that matter -RRB- that global warming caused any particular extreme event , we can say that global warming very likely makes many kinds of extreme weather both more frequent and more severe .
But , viewed in a broader context , and using the logic of physics , important parts of the plot can be understood .
In 2005 , the most severe hurricane season ever witnessed in the Atlantic devastated New Orleans and broke records in terms of the number and intensity of storms .
Extreme rainfall events will also become more frequent and intense in a warmer climate , owing to another simple fact of physics : warm air can hold more moisture .
The carbon-dioxide effect can also change the preferred patterns of atmospheric circulation , which can exacerbate extremes of heat , drought , or rainfall in some regions , while reducing them in others .
The problem is that a reduction in those extremes to which we are already well-adapted provides only modest benefits , whereas the new extremes to which we are not adapted can be devastating , as recent events in Pakistan show .
With swift and decisive action , we can still limit global warming to a total of 2º Celsius or a bit less .
These are their `` peers , '' and they readily provide laudatory letters of recommendation establishing that the applicant has attained `` national and international recognition . ''
Unfortunately , one of the unwritten laws of academia -- unquestioned by the committee on which I serve -- is that a candidate who does not seek and grasp the holy grail of `` independence '' is not qualified to be promoted .
Almost every time a woman candidate comes up before the committee , her `` independence '' is questioned in a way that is irrelevant , if not insulting .
Problems arise when countries can not -- or will not -- spend sensibly .
The stereotypical Latin American economies of yesteryear used to get into trouble through populist government spending , while the East Asian economies ran into difficulty because of excessive long-term investment .
Unfortunately , though , so long as some countries like China , Germany , Japan , and the oil exporters pump surplus goods into the world economy , not all countries can trim their spending to stay within their means .
China , for example , must move more income to households and away from its firms , so that private consumption can increase .
The US must improve the education and skills of significant parts of its labor force , so that they can produce more of the high-quality knowledge and service-sector exports in which the US specializes .
In the last boom , construction jobs expanded significantly , with investment in housing as a share of GDP increasing by 50 % from 1997 to 2006 .
The theory does not say that markets can not plummet if the news is bad , or if investors become risk-averse .
We can not point to a lonely Cassandra like Robert Shiller of Yale University , who regularly argued that house prices were unsustainable , as proof that the truth was ignored .
There are enough instances of possible bias that the issue can not be ignored .
That leaves the third undesirable possibility , the search for unprotected scapegoats upon whom public anger can be dissipated .
But , as the 1930 's showed , it is hard to imagine any possibility worse than where this type of behavior can lead .
For example , the 2009 stimulus package enacted by the Obama administration had many billions of dollars devoted to cancer research , though such research employs few people directly and is spent over a long time horizon -- far beyond that of even a prolonged recovery .
But prolonged near-zero rates can foster the wrong kinds of activities .
The reasons range from indifferent nutrition , socialization , and early-childhood learning to dysfunctional primary and secondary schools that leave too many Americans unprepared for college .
In the US , the expansion of home ownership -- a key element of the American dream -- to low - and middle-income households was the defensible linchpin for the broader aims of expanding credit and consumption .
America needs to tackle inequality at its root , by giving more Americans the ability to compete in the global marketplace .
One might think that a country that owns foreign oil can use the profits from sales to insulate its economy from high world oil prices .
For example , in large countries like the United States or China , which account for a significant portion of world demand , the world price of oil is likely to be high when the country is growing strongly and citizens have lots of income , whereas the price is likely to be low when the country is doing poorly .
Indeed , one can imagine black marketeers and smugglers buying where grain is available and transporting it to sell to countries where it is not .
For example , the real-estate lobby in the US obviously has no desire to see government support for housing diminish , despite the fact that the US probably has far more housing stock than it can afford .
No US president can unilaterally agree to alter the pattern of government support and spending ; that is a decision for Congress .
Similarly , no Chinese president can unilaterally agree to allow the renminbi to appreciate faster ; that is a consensus decision reached together with the various apparatchiks in the State Council and Communist Party .
But neither the G-20 nor the IMF can impose its will on national governments -- nor should they .
How , then , can we go beyond ritualistic meetings that do little to advance the global agenda ?
If we can make these changes -- and one should not minimize the scale of the task -- perhaps when G-20 leaders meet in the future , they will not think that their citizens have little interest in the outcome .
But when an easily extractable , government-controlled resource accounts for a large share of national output , democracy can suffer .
Without revenue , such a government can not pay the army or thugs who keep it in power .
Even if the government-owned oil industry is broken up and privatized , whether to foreigners or not , there is no guarantee that a future government can not regain control .
A priority for any interim administration must be to restore and improve educational and healthcare institutions so that they can recover lost ground .
The easiest fix is to let foreigners in so that they can channel foreign capital into domestic private ventures .
This can provide considerable stability -- indeed , the second half of the 20th century saw only four German firms succumb to hostile takeovers -- but at the cost of reducing access to finance and curtailing future opportunities .
Similarly , the European Commission deemed subsidies to publicly-owned firms illegal if they distorted competition across member states , while the fiscal discipline imposed by the Euro ended pervasive general government credit subsidies -- the essential lubricant of relationship-based systems .
The more political power is centralized , the more the central authority can interfere with market development .
The question is not whether Europe should move toward a market-based financial system . The real question is whether Europe retains the political will to continue to do so , and whether EU countries can strengthen the institutions necessary to reap the full benefits of financial markets .
America 's corporate scandals have undermined the market 's moral standing , while the end of the Internet bubble has weakened its economic credibility .
The EU can buck this anti-market trend by promoting structural reforms in southern European countries and focussing on enlargement to increase economic competition .
Today , oil is the most important and valuable internationally traded commodity , and its significance to our civilization is underscored by the recurrent worry that we are running out of it .
But , given the high-speed data transmission capacities of current telecommunications and information technology , it is now possible to reduce business travel significantly .
Whereas the outsourcing phenomenon is attenuating the need for labor migration , domestic migration can be limited further by the use of home offices , which can eventually reduce stress on real estate , public transport networks , roads , and airports .
But , while there is much to celebrate , questions remain about whether the IAEA can increase its capacity both to combat proliferation and promote nuclear power plant safety .
More significant is the IAEA 's failure to overcome resistance to conclude comprehensive safeguard agreements .
Without authority to enforce safe practices , the IAEA can not better assure nuclear safety in these or other countries .
And without better intelligence and backing from the UN Security Council to impose significant , timely , and certain penalties on nuclear violators , the IAEA will have difficulty in fulfilling its security mandate .
But raids never generated significant radiological consequences , because plants were under construction , contained inconsequential amounts of nuclear material , had radioactive elements removed prior to the attack , or because the attacker missed the mark .
Still , the plant -- along with its spent nuclear fuel , extracted plutonium , and nuclear reprocessing waste -- poses significant radiological hazards that a military strike could disperse into the environment .
So , if Israel can not guarantee the plant 's defense against attack , it should close it .
Indeed , about a dozen Middle East and North African countries propose to build nuclear power plants .
In his memoirs , US President Lyndon B. Johnson called it `` the most significant step we had yet taken to reduce the possibility of nuclear war . ''
Today , with the benefit of time , we can evaluate whether the accord truly marks the `` historic turning point '' President Johnson hoped for .
North Korea proved more successful , becoming the eighth country to detonate a nuclear weapon . At least two other NPT parties -- Libya and Syria -- engaged in significant nuclear subterfuge but failed .
American Retreats
American Retreats Los Angeles -- As Barack Obama 's incoming administration debates the pace and consequences of withdrawal from Iraq , it would do well to examine the strategic impact of other American exits in the final decades of the twentieth century .
Although American commitments to Lebanon , Somalia , Vietnam , and Cambodia differed mightily , history reveals that despite immediate costs to America 's reputation , disengagement ultimately redounded to America 's advantage .
In all of these cases , regional stability of sorts emerged after an American military withdrawal , albeit at the cost of a significant loss of life .
The evidence today suggests that this pattern can be repeated when the United States departs Mesopotamia and leaves Iraqis to define their own fate .
Of the four withdrawals , arguably the 1982-1984 American intervention in Lebanon marks the closest parallel to Iraq today .
But the result of intervention was that US forces became just one more target , culminating in the 1983 bombing of a US Marine barracks that killed 241 American soldiers .
But ill-equipped and poorly led UN replacement forces for the American presence put the remaining US troops in the bull 's eye as they attempted to bring to justice the Somali warlord responsible for the death of Pakistani peacekeepers .
The ensuing bloodbath of US soldiers generated images that the American public could not stomach , prompting the exit of American and then UN forces .
But Somalia soon demonstrated that quagmires can be a two-way street . Following Ethiopia 's intervention , the Islamists found themselves out of power .
None of these American exits was without consequence . But , while the US suffered costs to its reputation around the world , the supposed advantages from this for America 's opponents proved illusory .
As Council president , France , which shares America 's views about the need to strengthen sanctions on Iran 's government , can raise the matter , something that China eschewed during its tenure in January as Council leader .
But , even were a revived Franco-American effort to succeed in getting the UN organ to endorse targeted penalties to hamstring the financial underpinnings of the Revolutionary Guards and other Iranian elites , the proposed measures appear to be too modest . They arguably add little to three prior sanction resolutions that ban the export of nuclear and ballistic-missile technology and conventional arms , and that freeze the assets and travel of a handful of Iranian officials .
Arguing that short-range devices pose no risk to the American homeland , US negotiators plan to press for reductions in follow-on talks .
While the revelation may appear merely to be a historical footnote , more profoundly it raises new uncertainty about whether Israel now thinks that it can rely on the United States to apply military force to stop Iran 's nuclear program should diplomacy fail .
The Syrian episode suggests that it can not , which means that Israel may decide to go it alone once again , this time to eliminate Iran 's nuclear facilities .
Yet American and other intelligence services and strategic-research institutes around the world all agree that Israel possesses nuclear weapons .
But making explicit what lies implicit can sharpen US decision-making .
We find watersheds throughout American history .
Had American forces not expelled the British from US territory in the first , and had Abraham Lincoln and the Union not prevailed in the second , the country would have been balkanized and unable to become the dominant power of the twentieth century .
By contrast , America 's flirtation with colonialism in the Spanish American War , its involvement in Mexico , Central America , and the Caribbean throughout the twentieth century , and , arguably , World War I , were not watersheds for the US .
SANTA MARTA , COLOMBIA -- Like all cancer patients , Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez faces three scenarios : a quick cure , prolonged treatment , or an early death .
After his surgery , invoking God , Fidel Castro , the spirits of the savannah , and medical science , he responded to rumors about his illness and made his return from treatment in Havana a double celebration of Venezuela 's bicentennial and of his triumph over cancer .
Chancellor Nicolás Maduro and Minister of Energy Rafael Ramírez have been mentioned as possible successors , but their scant leadership abilities do n't point to an electoral triumph next year .
He can radicalize the `` revolution , '' as he has done in earlier crises , or he can lay down the rules and conditions for the succession in order to prevent the prediction , attributed to the long-time Chávista Diosdado Cabello , from coming true : `` Without Chávez , there will be absolutely nothing left . ''
The military can choose to uphold the elected government , regardless of which party wins , or prevent the eventual triumph of the opposition Mesa de Unidad .
Indeed , a fundamental lesson of terrorist attacks and insurgencies , we now know , is that no nation , however self-sufficient , can afford to remain heedless of whether others sink or swim .
Certainly , we are all beginning to realize how precarious that process is -- how easily market mechanisms can be rolled back by cultural resentments stemming from economic exploitation , political oppression , and social injustice .
Today , one-quarter of the world 's population still lives on the equivalent of less than one US dollar a day , and the World Bank says that the daily spending power of 1.2 billion people is roughly equal to the price of a hamburger , two soft drinks , or three candy bars in the West .
Even UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan has warned that the unrestrained tide of globalization might not raise all boats , but only the yachts -- while overturning a lot of canoes .
During this time of tension , an increasingly self-confident South Korea began to chart a course independent of its American patron .
Over the next decade , our statesmen must replace the Pax Americana that has enforced stability in the Asia-Pacific region with a Pax Asia-Pacifica , in which the major countries and sub-regional blocs contribute to and share in the maintenance of Asia-Pacific security in the face of our common geopolitical threats . These include international terrorism , nuclear proliferation , the instability arising out of the Arab-Israel conflict and the Iraq war , and the weakness of the United Nations .
This is where the Association of Southeast Asian Nations -LRB- ASEAN -RRB- can help .
The first and crucial preventive step that any government can take in the face of a renewed Al Qaeda offensive in southeast Asia is fully to respect the creativity , mobility , technical expertise , and financial capabilities of suicidal groups .
International goodwill will probably be the key to his success , if not in re-establishing American hegemony , then at least in making America the `` indispensable nation '' once more .
Although Obama is likely to give priority in his diplomacy to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , he can not take the Asia-Pacific region 's stability for granted .
This year 's Boao Forum has become even more important because of the cancellation of the East Asia summit due to the action of violent protestors .
At this time of economic turmoil around the world , increasing Taiwan 's formal economic links with China and its regional partners can only benefit everyone involved , because an inevitable side-effect will be a lessening of tension .
With goodwill on all sides , real advantages can materialize from building up this informal grouping , as it is a gateway to the huge markets of Southeast and Northeast Asia .
There is now real hope that talks along these lines can succeed .
The finest tribute Filipinos and other freedom-loving peoples can offer to Cory 's memory is for responsible citizens to work towards the vision of an empowered , bountiful future for which she and Ninoy aspired . Irrevocably , their names will forever be intimately intertwined with the peaceful revolution of 1986 which restored our liberty and democracy .
Success in that war is not pre-ordained , but can only be won through willing sacrifice , faithfulness to duty , and concerted action for our people 's well-being .
Realizing that economics can not be neatly separated from politics , APEC soon began to include security issues in its agenda .
But now that community must confront its greatest challenge : the rise of China . As China grows mightier economically and politically , how can long-term stability in the Asia-Pacific be ensured ?
I believe that a shift from Pax Americana to Pax Asia-Pacifica could be the answer .
APEC members , too , should use the existing umbrella of Pax Americana to accelerate economic , security , and political integration before new rivalries emerge to thwart their efforts .
Unlike Pax Americana , which has been imposed by US military force , this will be a peace among virtual equals .
Once these political shifts begin , APEC can begin to transform itself into an Asia-Pacific Community for Economic Cooperation and Security . The strategic test will be for regional organizations -- such as APEC -- to ensure that the spirit of cooperation always outweighs the member states ' competitive impulses .
But there is no institutionalized means to discuss and resolve the dispute , which is taking on greater significance almost daily , owing to the belief that vast mineral and energy resources lay on the sea bed around the Spratlys .
Only such a pledge can provide the type of certainty that investors -- any investors -- will need if the Spratly resources are to be developed .
More broadly , the urgent task for Asian statesmen over the next 5-10 years will be to replace the region 's Pax Americana , which has guaranteed regional stability for decades , with a more comprehensive Pax Asia-Pacifica that is built on inclusiveness and burden-sharing .
France and Spain are older , but is the marriage of Basques , Catalans , and Corsicans with their national states that much happier than the former Czech\/Slovak marriage ?
Look at America in 1787 : creation of the federal government swept away the balkanized system of pre-revolutionary colonies , ushering in an era of entrepreneurial expansion across the entire American Continent .
He was a philosopher in the same sense that Socrates was : a thinker who questioned what others take for granted , and probed human feelings and actions to help us understand how we can better ourselves and lead lives that are morally superior , yet also more fulfilling .
Tajbakhsh was arrested along with other leading Iranian-American intellectuals , including Haleh Esfandiari of the Washington-based Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars .
As an intellectual , Tajbakhsh can not expect the world 's celebrities to beg Iran 's government for his release .
Instead , he has received support from other intellectuals , such as the 3,400 members of the PEN American Center , the writers ' organization that fights for freedom of expression .
The 14,000 members of the American Sociological Association have also asked for his release .
This week the EU 's 15 Heads of state and government from the current Member States and the leaders of the 13 candidate countries meet in Copenhagen .
Now , at long last , we can close one of the darkest and most bloodstained chapters in Europe 's history .
It can give Europe both the dynamism and the drive to create the foundation of a new European consciousness .
In the Convention on the future of the EU , member states and candidate countries are already discussing how to organize the EU in the years ahead .
But all involved -- both candidate countries and current member states -- must show the necessary flexibility in the final round of negotiations .
The Commission has presented a very reasonable proposal for how this can be done .
I expect that we can find reach agreement on this basis .
In Copenhagen this time around , we will make decisions on the next stage of Turkey 's candidacy .
As a candidate country , Turkey will , of course , be treated like all other candidate countries , and it will be important to send a clear signal to the Turkish people confirming their belief in the perspective of membership and a future based on Western and European values .
Leaders from both member states and candidate countries face a historic decision .
We aim for a Treaty that can stand for several years without further changes .
At the same time , we must ensure that the Commission can work effectively with 25 or more members .
But whether we continue with the current format for the Presidency or introduce a team model , we must consider how the President of the European Council can play a role in coordinating work within the Council .
We can enact measures in each of our member states and in the EU , but coordinated action by the EU and the US would be a realistic start .
Private funds can not operate without these two giant markets , and would have to comply with their requirements .
Even so , ensuring transparency and disclosure can not fully address heavily debt-laden leveraged buy-outs , which would still be objectionable .
There is a need to set a limit on the amount of debt that a company can accumulate , and change acquisition and merger legislation to include leverage .
In an era of globalized financial markets , when countries can find it hard to cope with rapid cross-border capital flows , there is no time for complacency .
Europe and Japan can increase their growth by stepping up the pace of structural reform .
These commitments include significant increases in debt relief and aid .
In 2005 , the international community went further , agreeing on the Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative -LRB- MDRI -RRB- , which will write off 100 % of many poor countries ' debts to the IMF , the World Bank , and the African Development Bank .
As with the HIPC Initiative of which it is a part , the MDRI will do more than reduce debt : it will free up resources that can be devoted to poverty reduction and economic development .
Similarly , Guyana will have its debt reduced by more than 8 % of GDP . The level of debt relief will be even greater once the World Bank and the African Development Bank finalize their own programs in the months ahead .
If they are to be met , donors must also deliver on their commitments for significant increases in aid .
Outside efforts can help reduce poverty , but it is , ultimately , the efforts of low-income countries themselves to sustain strong economic performance , improve governance , and develop stable and effective institutions that will have the most important impact on reducing poverty .
Low-income countries can also improve their prospects by strengthening their fiscal management , fostering private-sector development , and liberalizing trade .
If we keep our promises , 2006 can be a year of hope for those who have little else than the dream of a better life .
Third , trade reforms can help smooth international macroeconomic fluctuations and contribute to an orderly resolution of global imbalances .
FTA 's can not substitute for multilateral liberalization .
If properly designed , they can benefit their members , especially if combined with reduced trade barriers for all trading partners .
All countries will have to give ; no country can be expected to carry the burden alone .
Pro-trade forces can speak up in the political process .
Much has already been achieved in the negotiations , and an agreement of significant value is within reach .
Strengthening IMF Surveillance In today 's globalized economy , one country 's economic and financial policies can reverberate far beyond its borders .
Be it the spread of inflation or the impact of currency devaluation half a world away , global economic forces can have a direct impact on every person 's livelihood .
Finally , the reform sets out clearly for the first time what is expected of surveillance , and so should promote candor and evenhanded treatment of every country .
The new approach to exchange rate policies represents one of the most significant advances .
The international community needs a setting where it can debate the most sensitive economic issues , including -- but certainly not limited to -- exchange rate issues .
At the same time , it can provide the nonpartisan technical expertise that enables governments to define policies that will ensure continued economic stability .
The same growth rate can bring anything from a modest drop in poverty to a dramatic decline .
The novel idea , elucidated in Cass Sunstein 's and Richard Thaler 's book Nudge , is that skillfully controlling the way alternatives are presented to us can `` nudge '' us toward making the choices that our own `` better selves '' would make .
As one can imagine , the results of this System-I coup d'etat are not pretty .
According to neo-classical economists , the answer is a resounding `` yes , '' and , in many cases , they can point to substantial evidence to validate their claim .
We can not use System II to fault this preference .
The Enlightenment idea that our System-II rationality can always point to an optimal choice about which every reasonable individual would agree clashes with the widely accepted modern idea that there is a plurality of reasonable choices .
If this is the case , who is to decide in what areas individuals can be fairly nudged by social engineers ?
The innovations that drive economic advances -- information technology , biotech , and nanotech -- can boost living standards in both the developing and the developed world .
We are becoming embedded in a cyberspace that can link anyone , anywhere , to all the world 's information and culture -- and to every other person on the planet .
Yet unless the rising curve of annual emissions can be reversed , the CO2 concentration will irrevocably reach a truly threatening level .
The world could not sustain its 6.5 billion people if they all lived like present-day Americans .
If the increase continues beyond 2050 , one can not help but be gloomy about most people 's prospects .
The American National Academy of Sciences has warned that , `` Just a few individuals with specialized skills ... could inexpensively and easily produce a panoply of lethal biological weapons ... The deciphering of the human genome sequence and the complete elucidation of numerous pathogen genomes ... allow science to be misused to create new agents of mass destruction . ''
During the past few years , Colombia has become one of the three most attractive destinations for foreign investment in Latin America , allowing it to cover a significant part of its external financing needs this year .
But how can we distinguish good banks from bad ?
As Simon Johnson suggests in his book 13 Bankers , we should break up the mega-banks into smaller parts that can comfortably be allowed to fail .
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act -LRB- ARRA -RRB- that Obama passed barely three weeks after his inauguration was disappointing .
My work provides a new and coherent approach to macroeconomics that explains how a lack of confidence can lead to persistent unemployment .
A quantitative-easing policy in which a central bank buys risky assets can prevent price fluctuations and restore the value of financial wealth .
Confidence is a self-fulfilling prophecy , and we can , and should , manage it by direct intervention in asset markets .
The big losers from this economic disaster are workers in the advanced countries that bought into the laissez-faire flexibility of American-style capitalism .
Spain , which allows for widespread temporary contracts , has had the biggest increase in unemployment , because Spanish workers can be fired as quickly as those in the US .
Fighting Biopiracy OTTAWA -- In April 1999 Larry Proctor , a United States citizen and owner of a seed company , won a patent at the US Patent and Trademark Office -LRB- USPTO -RRB- , claiming a Mexican yellow bean .
The bean is consumed throughout Mexico and by Mexicans and Mexican-Americans in the US who know it by the names Mayocoba , Canario , or Peruano .
Although the importers knew that Proctor 's invention was ludicrous -LRB- because they had been importing the bean from Mexico for years -RRB- , they had no choice but to accept the patent 's legality , causing 22,000 Mexican farmers and their families to lose 90 % of their export incomes in just the first year .
To obtain a patent , an applicant must demonstrate that an invention meets three criteria : newness , non-obviousness -LRB- that there is an inventive step -RRB- , and utility -LRB- the invention does what it claims to do -RRB- .
In the case of the Enola bean , there was nothing at all new : the yellow bean is the result of centuries of collective work and ingenuity on the part of Mexican farmers and indigenous peoples .
Moreover , the bean was incorporated into public collections held by INIFAP , the Mexican national agricultural research institute .
Geneticists then performed genetic fingerprinting on the yellow beans , and concluded that Proctor 's Enola bean was identical to the Mexican beans covered by the Trust Agreement .
Importers stopped importing not only the yellow bean , but also other Mexican beans , fearing lawsuits .
Although the patent was eventually rescinded , the Enola case shows how the intellectual property system facilitates the monopolization of public and collective resources , favoring those who can pay expensive lawyers ' fees .
Mexican beans , South Asian basmati rice , Bolivian quinoa , Amazonian ayahuasca , Indian chickpeas , Peruvian nuña beans , Andean maca -- all have been subject to predatory intellectual property claims .
Consider the transformation of American military behavior from the Vietnam era , when commanders spoke of destroying villages `` in order to save them , '' to its operations in Kosovo and Afghanistan , where military lawyers and even ICRC officials were consulted on what targets could be bombed .
But the idea that such interventions can become customary , that great powers -LRB- and only great powers have the resources to act effectively -RRB- will commit their troops to kill and die in endless wars of altruism is utopian in the worst sense of the term -- it is utterly unrealizable .
If anything , the erosion of IHL now stems as much from decisions made in Washington as from the cruelties of militia commanders in West African jungles .
Indeed , he can be plausibly described as being chiefly responsible for formulating and successfully propagating the doctrine of `` humanitarian intervention . ''
Only American neo-conservatives , understandably grateful for his championing of the Iraq war and his ability to argue for it coherently and eloquently -LRB- unlike President Bush , who was and is unable to do either -RRB- , are sorry to see Blair go .
The world may have moved on , chastened by the realization that interveners , even when intervening in the name of human rights , can be as barbaric as tin pot dictators .
What was famously said of Thatcher -- `` the lady 's not for turning '' -- can be said of him as well .
Kouchner did not invent the so-called `` droit d'ingerence , '' which can be rendered in English as the right of intervention . That title belongs to the Italian legal theorist Mario Bettati .
Where the Red Cross view , adopted by Kouchner 's former colleagues at Doctors Without Borders , insists that humanitarian action is a vital but limited activity that can be coherent and effective only if it understands its limitations , the Kouchner view is that humanitarian action can be a lever for changing the world .
It probably explains why Kouchner was one of the few important French political figures to support the Anglo-American overthrow of Saddam Hussein -LRB- something Sarkozy did not do -RRB- .
Perhaps now , humanitarian relief groups can get back to doing their vital but not world-transforming work .
MEXICO CITY -- Shortly before America 's elections last November , then vice-presidential candidate Joseph Biden was widely criticized for predicting that an Obama administration would almost certainly be tested by what he called a `` generated '' international crisis , in much the way that the Soviet Union `` tested '' John F. Kennedy shortly after he assumed office .
That crisis is located in Mexico , which is in freefall , its state institutions under threat as they have not been since at least the Cristero Uprising of the late 1920 's and possibly since the Mexican Revolution of 1910 .
The crisis consists in nothing less than an effort by the major drug cartels to tame and suborn the Mexican state , and not just in the strip along the United States border , though the epicenter of the crisis is there .
And very recently , retired General Mauro Enrique Tello Quinones , one of the most decorated officers in the Mexican army , was abducted , tortured , and killed less than a week after assuming a new position as anti-drug chief in the resort city of Cancun .
But the US government has always regarded them as domestic American issues rather than as key foreign-policy concerns .
It is emblematic that while Obama has received Mexican President Felipe Calderón , the White House only recently announced that one of his first foreign trips would be to Mexico .
Meanwhile , the Treasury and Commerce departments will be handle trade policy concerning the North American Free Trade Agreement .
And , offensive as this has been to Mexican sensibilities -- and harmful to finding long-term solutions to America 's immigration dilemma -- these complacent arrangements have never presented so clear and present danger as they do today .
Sarkozy can afford to thumb his nose at his party , given the total collapse of the opposition Socialists , who will almost certainly lose the 2012 election .
But this style of government -- essentially an electoral campaign , not a government -- virtually guarantees that almost nothing of real importance can be accomplished .
Financial markets appear to be expecting a good deal more Asian monetary tightening -- at least that 's the message that can be drawn from sharply appreciating Asian currencies , which seem to be responding to prospective moves in policy interest rates .
There is only one way out for Asia : a significant increase in real , or inflation-adjusted , policy interest rates .
The lessons of earlier battles against inflation are clear on one fundamental point : inflationary pressures can not be contained by negative , or slightly positive , real short-term interest rates .
With the Chinese economy still growing at close to 10 % per year , the government can afford to take more short-term policy risk in order to clear the way for its structural agenda .
Asia can avoid this problem and get on with the heavy lifting of pro-consumption rebalancing only by nipping inflation in the bud .
The Great Recession of 2008-2009 suggests that China can no longer afford to treat the Four Uns as theoretical conjecture .
But the most prominent zombie may well be a broad cross-section of American consumers who are still suffering from the ravages of the Great Recession .
Reversion to that earlier share is likely as American consumers make the transition from the insanity of the boom to the sanity required of the bust .
Currently , these seven industries account for 3 % of Chinese GDP ; the government is targeting a 15 % share by 2020 , a significant move up the value chain .
Like most Americans , China 's leaders believe that the US will ultimately dodge the bullet of an outright default .
Some Americans argued that the US no longer needed allies .
We need forces that react more quickly , reach further , and can remain in the field longer .
While gross inequalities between rich and poor persist , we can not claim to be making adequate progress toward fulfilling the ambitions set down 60 years ago .
The deepest challenges of discrimination , oppression , injustice , ignorance , exploitation , and poverty can not be addressed through the law or policy alone .
Human rights can not be realized in the absence of effective institutions .
Experts can debate whether this was in conformity with UN rules and procedures .
For the Israelis , the public statements of Palestinian armed groups celebrating rocket and mortar attacks on civilians strengthen a deep-rooted concern that negotiation will yield little and that their nation remains under existential threat from which only it can protect its people .
Rejected while they were still fascist dictatorships , their candidacies were accepted when their regimes changed .
Neutrality prevented them from becoming candidates so long as the Soviet Union existed .
The motivation of the candidates who will join in 2004 is analogous .
One can bemoan this fact , but it is better to accommodate oneself to it and accept the notion that it will take decades for Europe to think in the same way on most issues , not least about relations with the US .
It is here that Europe has a purpose it can rally around -- a message that can resonate powerfully in a world riven by religious intolerance and fanaticism .
France 's Presidential Reality Show The Socialists ' anointment of Ségolène Royal 's as their presidential candidate is an important step on the road to the Fifth Republic 's eighth presidential election , which is set for April 22 , 2007 , with a second-round runoff two weeks later .
All candidates should be known by the end of January -- the deadline for printing the ballots .
So , by that point , France 's four main political parties , two on the left and two on the right , must prepare their party manifestoes and choose candidates .
In practice , while the official campaign is supposed to last only two months -LRB- long enough in a democracy , in which candidates have to endure an unrelenting media barrage -RRB- , the jockeying of potential candidates , together with the media 's appetite for a horse race , helped kick off the real campaign nearly a year and a half ago .
So today 's public debates have a somewhat surreal character , because the programs on which the candidates will stake their campaigns are still not developed .
On the left , Royal , the Socialist president of the region of Poitou-Charentes , has scant government experience , serving brief stints as environment minister , family minister , and education minister .
She has yet to deal with the major problems of the day -- financial instability , Europe 's sluggish growth , the Middle East -- and she can not avoid them during her campaign .
So Sarkozy and Royal are universally expected to be the two leading candidates heading into the `` High Noon '' encounter of the second round .
Ever since de Gaulle , all candidates for the French presidency who started too early have lost .
Poher , Chaban-Delmas , Barre , Balladur , and I were picked out by the media and treated as candidates for more than two years before the election , whether declared or not , and we were all eventually beaten .
But those minor candidates underscore a deeper problem .
One also must avoid the fragmentation that doomed the left in 2002 , when none of its six candidates qualified for the second round , leaving Jacques Chirac , who had received 19 % of the vote in the first round -- a record low for a final winner - -- to defeat Jean-Marie Le Pen in the runoff with 82 % of the vote .
A repeat of this scenario seems possible : on the left , outside of the Socialist Party , there are already four announced candidates , and a fifth is likely .
On the right , Chirac 's antagonism toward Sarkozy makes it that another candidate will appear at some point , either Michele Alliot-Marie , the defense minister , or Chirac himself .
Indeed , some experts , too , believe that the crisis can be resolved simply by refinancing banks , and that the impact on the real economy will be relatively limited .
But , unfortunately , hardly any experts can speak with confidence about both finance and macroeconomics .
So the full impact of the crisis remains ahead of us : 1.3 million American homeowners have already defaulted on their mortgages .
Now they are significant and active players -LRB- as majorities or strong minorities -RRB- in all the big companies of the developed world .
But the simultaneous occurrence and high visibility of these problems is less significant than they appear .
Even social democracy , which , particularly in Scandinavia , was an excellent regulator of capitalism , found itself muted in the controversy between Keynesians and monetarists , and , throughout the developed world , the monetarists won .
We social democrats can no longer fight such battles , because the problem is not only ideological , but also cultural .
Moreover , there can be no comprehensive agreement that does not take into account the relationship between finance and the real economy .
But if growth were higher and unemployment were falling , such scandals would not be treated as such a drama .
The grumpy , moaning , and intractable people of France have demonstrated many times that they can wake up and meet the challenges of the day .
In light of the fact that during the past millennium the EU 's members fought countless wars with each other , and that for forty five years a cold war split the continent into two hostile blocs , today 's Europe is a success of monumental historical significance .
Consider the simple fact that the American economy is now more than $ 600 billion in debt .
To make matters worse , national failures can no longer be addressed without aggravating the situation .
After all , much of the Washington Consensus can not be deduced from proper economic analysis .
Any graduate student in economics knows that deregulation , privatization , and trade liberalization can not be expected to produce economic benefits without a long list of unlikely conditions being satisfied .
Moreover , there is nothing in economic theory that should have made economic technocrats think that Anglo-American institutions of corporate governance or `` flexible labor markets , '' to pick just two examples , produce unambiguously superior economic performance when compared to German-style insider control or institutionalized labor markets .
Only with hindsight can we see that China 's innovations were truly demanding reforms .
Property rights and the rule of law are always important so that investors -- both current and prospective -- can expect to retain the money they make .
Any economist can mouth these platitudes to his\/her hosts immediately upon arrival in a foreign land , without fear of going astray .
It certainly does not imply that a system of private property rights and Anglo-American corporate governance is the right approach for all countries at all times .
Consider the vast investment and entrepreneurial activity that China has elicited through a hybrid system of property rights and a legal regime that is as far as imaginable from the Anglo-American system .
In a system where courts can not be relied upon to protect property rights , letting the government hold residual rights in an enterprise may have been a second-best mechanism for avoiding expropriation .
In such circumstances , the expectation of future profits can exert a stronger discipline on the public authority than fear of legal sanction .
We can multiply the examples .
But the initial spurt in growth can be achieved with minimal changes in institutional arrangements .
To the extent that we can identify growth triggers , they seem to be related to relaxing constraints that held back private economic activity .
We need to develop a framework for `` growth diagnostics '' capable of pinpointing where even a little reform can go a long way .
Most developing nations have opened themselves significantly to foreign trade and no longer employ the most damaging policies of the past -LRB- such as quantitative restrictions on imports -RRB- .
The silver lining in an amicable break-up of the trade talks is that it would give negotiators a chance to focus on issues that are of much greater significance to developing nations .
The main problem seems to be the paucity of entrepreneurship and low propensity to invest in plant and equipment -- what Keynes called `` low animal spirits '' -- especially to raise output of products that can be traded on world markets .
In fact , capital inflows can make things worse , because they tend to appreciate the domestic currency and make production in export activities less profitable , further weakening the incentive to invest .
Nothing can kill growth more effectively than an uncompetitive currency , and there is no faster route to currency appreciation than a surge in capital inflows .
Virtually every instance of sustained high growth has been accompanied by a significantly depreciated real exchange rate .
Government policies can target private saving directly , by creating incentives for saving through appropriate tax and pension policies .
This can be done without announcing a specific target level for the exchange rate .
Once the monetary rules of the game incorporate the real exchange rate , and assuming that fiscal policy remains supportive , investors can look forward to a less volatile and more competitive currency .
The imbalances specific to underdevelopment create opportunities that policymakers can seize on .
For example , greater integration with world markets can be achieved via export subsidies -LRB- South Korea -RRB- , export-processing zones -LRB- Malaysia -RRB- , investment incentives for multinational enterprises -LRB- Singapore -RRB- , special economic zones -LRB- China -RRB- , regional free trade agreements -LRB- Mexico -RRB- , or import liberalization -LRB- Chile -RRB- .
Reforms , after all , are not hothouse plants that can be transplanted at will in any soil .
African players , in particular , have become ubiquitous , supplementing the usual retinue of Brazilians and Argentines .
Europe 's soccer scene would not be half as exciting without strikers such as Cote d'Ivoire 's Didier Drogba -LRB- Chelsea -RRB- or Cameroon 's Samuel Eto'o -LRB- Barcelona -RRB- . The benefits to African talent are easy to see , too .
African players are able to earn much more money by marketing their skills in Europe -- not just the top clubs in the Premiership or the Spanish Primera Liga , but the countless nouveau-riche clubs in Russia , Ukraine , or Turkey .
Many fear that the quality of national teams is harmed by the availability of foreign players . Why invest in developing local talent if you can hire it from abroad ?
The impact of soccer globalization on African countries appears to be just the opposite .
On the one hand , it has increased the quality of many African national teams relative to European national teams , with countries such as Cameroon and Cote d'Ivoire now fielding teams that include some of the top players in European clubs . On the other hand , globalization probably has reduced the quality of Africa 's domestic leagues relative to European leagues .
If you are a resident of Yaoundé , the decline in the quality of domestic play may not be a big deal if you can afford a cable connection that allows you to tune in to the English Premier League .
For their part , African players grumbled that their absence from Europe reduced their commercial opportunities during a crucial period of league play .
For the winner of the cup was not Cameroon or Cote d'Ivoire or any of the other African teams loaded with star players from European leagues , but Egypt , which fielded only four players -LRB- out of 23 -RRB- who play in Europe .
I can not plead for a government bailout .
While prudential regulation and supervision can never be perfect , extending such oversight to hedge funds and other unregulated institutions can still moderate the downsides .
If things get too complicated for regulators , the job can always be turned over to the private sector , by relying on rating agencies and financial firms ' own risk models .
They are less convinced that recent financial innovation has created large gains -LRB- except for the finance industry itself -RRB- , and they doubt that prudential regulation can ever be sufficiently effective .
But , because we can not be certain that the threat of punishment deters all crime , or that all criminals are caught , our ability to induce gun owners to behave responsibly is limited .
Governance writ small focuses instead on those institutional arrangements that can best relax the constraints on growth .
Unfortunately , the type of institutional reform promoted by , among others , the World Bank , IMF , and the World Trade Organization is biased toward a best-practice model , which presumes that a set of universally appropriate institutional arrangements can be determined and views convergence towards them as being inherently desirable .
But best-practice institutions are , by definition , non-contextual and can not take local complications into account .
It can also be good for growth when it is targeted at binding constraints .
Its hypothesis is that there is a great deal of `` slack '' in poor countries , so simple changes can make a big difference .
As a result , it is explicitly diagnostic and focuses on the most significant economic bottlenecks and constraints .
Foreign economists and aid agencies can supply some of the ingredients , but only the country itself can provide the recipe .
The sub-prime mortgage crisis has shown how lack of international coordination and regulation can exacerbate the inherent fragility of financial markets .
But the myth of a `` development '' round , promoted by trade officials and economists who espouse the `` bicycle theory '' of trade negotiations -- the view that the trade regime can remain upright only with continuous progress in liberalization -- backfired , because the US and key developing countries found it difficult to liberalize their farm sectors .
Then we enable these loans to be pooled and packaged into securities that can be sold to investors , reducing risk in the process .
That is why you can be sure that we will have another major financial crisis sometime in the future , once this one has disappeared into the recesses of our memory .
None of this can be explained by economic fundamentals .
If necessary , the IMF can issue special drawing rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- to generate the global liquidity needed .
Collapsing emerging-market currencies , and the resulting trade pressures , will make it all the more difficult for them to prevent their unemployment levels from rising significantly .
Developing nations also need to enshrine the notion of `` policy space '' in the World Trade Organization . The goal would be to ensure that developing countries can employ the kind of trade and industrial policies needed to restructure and diversify their economies and set the stage for economic growth .
The right responses will ensure that the world economy can begin to recover by late 2009 . Poor policy choices , on the other hand , will at best delay recovery and at worst do permanent damage .
After all , the crisis originated in the US and left American policy focused on its domestic troubles , opening up room for global leadership by others .
Alas , the best that can be hoped for at this stage is that Europe will not undermine the global fiscal stimulus that even the International Monetary Fund , the guardian of fiscal orthodoxy , regards as absolutely essential .
Even though a weak US response is the biggest risk on the economic side , what happens in China may well have deeper and more lasting consequences on the broader historical canvas .
The real question is not whether capitalism can survive -- it can -- but whether world leaders will demonstrate the leadership needed to take it to its next phase as we emerge from our current predicament .
The catch is that neither property rights nor markets can function on their own .
The reason can be expressed in one word : globalization .
When Chinese-style capitalism met American-style capitalism , with few safety valves in place , it gave rise to an explosive mix .
Without recourse to the economist 's toolkit , we can not even begin to make sense of the current crisis .
Labor economists focus not only on how trade unions can distort markets , but also how , under certain conditions , they can enhance productivity .
Advanced training in economics requires learning about market failures in detail , and about the myriad ways in which governments can help markets work better .
No economist can be entirely sure that his preferred model is correct .
Paradoxically , then , the current disarray within the profession is perhaps a better reflection of the profession 's true value added than its previous misleading consensus . Economics can at best clarify the choices for policy makers ; it can not make those choices for them .
Even more significantly , the IMF has emerged from the London meeting with substantially greater resources , as well as new responsibilities .
Another piece of good news is that the Europeans have now given up their claim on naming the IMF 's managing director -LRB- as have the Americans their corresponding claim on the World Bank presidency -RRB- .
Foreign borrowing can enable consumers and governments to live beyond their means for a while , but reliance on foreign capital is an unwise strategy .
The problem is not only that foreign capital flows can easily reverse direction , but also that they produce the wrong kind of growth , based on overvalued currencies and investments in non-traded goods and services , such as housing and construction .
What matters is their output of modern industrial goods -LRB- and services -RRB- , which can expand without limit as long as domestic demand expands simultaneously .
There are many ways that this can be done , including reducing the cost of domestic inputs and services through targeted investments in infrastructure .
Explicit industrial policies can be an even more potent instrument .
The key point is that developing countries that are concerned about the competitiveness of their modern sectors can afford to allow their currencies to appreciate -LRB- in real terms -RRB- as long as they have access to alternative policies that promote industrial activities more directly .
So the good news is that developing countries can continue to grow rapidly even if world trade slows in and there is reduced appetite for capital flows and trade imbalances .
We can start with a simple principle : We should strive not for maximum openness in trade and finance , but for levels of openness that leave ample room for the pursuit of domestic social and economic objectives in rich and poor countries alike .
The first approach may maximize the traffic load that can be carried safely , but it fails to take most people where they want to go and is ultimately self-defeating .
The economic and political obstacles that block deep integration can not be wished away by exhortations .
Mercantilism Reconsidered
Mercantilism Reconsidered CAMBRIDGE -- A businessman walks into a government minister 's office and says he needs help .
Invite him in for a cup of coffee and ask how the government can be of help ?
It is also the dominant perspective of governance in the United States , Britain , and other societies organized along Anglo-American lines -- even though actual practice often deviates from idealized principles .
On the other side are what we may call corporatists or neo-mercantilists , who view an alliance between government and business as critical to good economic performance and social harmony .
This view reflects an even older tradition that goes back to the mercantilist practices of the seventeenth century .
Mercantilists believed in an active economic role for the state -- to promote exports , discourage finished imports , and establish trade monopolies that would enrich business and the crown alike .
China 's pursuit of a high-saving , large-trade-surplus economy in recent years embodies mercantilist teachings .
Early mercantilism deserves a rethink too .
As many economic historians argue , the trade networks and profits that mercantilism provided for Britain may have been critical in launching the country 's industrial revolution around the middle of the eighteenth century .
None of this is to idealize mercantilist practices , whose harmful effects are easy to see .
Governments can too easily end up in the pockets of business , resulting in cronyism and rent-seeking instead of economic growth .
Even when initially successful , government intervention in favor of business can outlive its usefulness and become ossified .
The pursuit of trade surpluses inevitably triggers conflicts with trade partners , and the effectiveness of mercantilist policies depends in part on the absence of similar policies elsewhere .
Moreover , unilateral mercantilism is no guarantee of success .
The Chinese-US trade relationship may have seemed like a marriage made in heaven -- between practitioners of the mercantilist and liberal models , respectively -- but in hindsight it is clear that it merely led to a blowup .
Nonetheless , the mercantilist mindset provides policymakers with some important advantages : better feedback about the constraints and opportunities that private economic activity faces , and the ability to create a sense of national purpose around economic goals .
There is much that liberals can learn from it .
Yet he can not afford to be perceived as indecisive , which would only invite destabilizing financial speculation .
As a member of the Fed 's Board of Governors under Greenspan during 2002-2005 , Bernanke can also be faulted for having played along .
Asymmetric information between sellers and buyers of financial products can easily leave buyers vulnerable to abuse , as we saw with mortgage-backed securities .
A leading policymaker in the Anglo-American empire of finance actually came out in support of a Tobin tax -- a global tax on financial transactions .
As John Maynard Keynes recognized , trade restrictions can protect or generate employment during economic recessions .
But what may be desirable under extreme conditions for a single country can be highly detrimental to the world economy .
But it is easy to overstate the significance of this case , too .
But economists ' ideas would not have gone very far without significant changes in the underlying configuration of political interests in favor of open trade .
In his latest book , Paul Blustein recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked his American counterpart to bring him a picture of an American farmer : `` I have never actually seen one , '' the minister quipped . `` I have only seen US conglomerates masquerading as farmers . ''
It has acted as quickly as any international bureaucracy can to establish new lines of credit for battered emerging-market countries .
You can oppose capital controls because you believe financial markets are on the whole a force for good , and that any interference will therefore generate efficiency losses .
Or you can oppose controls because you think that they can be easily evaded and are therefore doomed to remain ineffective .
If capital controls can be easily evaded -- say , by manipulating the timing of transactions or through mis-invoicing of trade flows -- then there will be little effect on the actual volume of capital inflows .
If , on the other hand , market participants do bear significant costs -- either because of the taxes they pay or because of the expenses they incur to evade them -- the controls will be effective in restraining inflows .
China can maintain its currency practices , but at the risk of large global macroeconomic imbalances and a major political backlash in the US and elsewhere .
Or it can let its currency appreciate , at the risk of inducing a growth slowdown and political and social unrest at home .
In a fascinating new book , revealingly titled When China Rules the World , the British scholar and journalist Martin Jacques is unequivocal : if you think China will be integrated smoothly into a liberal , capitalist , and democratic world system , Jacques argues , you are in for a big surprise . Not only is China the next economic superpower , but the world order that it will construct will look very different from what we have had under American leadership .
Americans and Europeans blithely assume that China will become more like them as its economy develops and its population gets richer .
So , too , are the Republicans in Congress , along with some Democrats who feel that the scheme has come too late and may interfere with other reform efforts under way , as watered-down as those initiatives may be .
At the World Economic Forum in Davos , US Congressman Barney Frank was surprised to discover that the greatest opposition to American plans came from international regulators .
`` We can not afford to have different solutions in different parts of the world . ''
But the practical reality is that it can not deliver the tough regulations , closely tailored to domestic economic and political requirements , which financial markets badly need in the aftermath of the worst financial upheaval the world economy has experienced since the Great Depression .
But what happened on February 19 can safely be called the end of an era in global finance .
Taxes and other restrictions on capital inflows , the IMF 's economists wrote , can be helpful , and they constitute a `` legitimate part '' of policymakers ' toolkit .
The IMF 's policy note makes clear that controls on cross-border financial flows can be not only desirable , but also effective .
Another is to reduce vulnerability to sudden changes in financial-market sentiment , which can wreak havoc with domestic growth and employment .
The IMF can help to fill the gap .
Significantly , the European Union has thrown its weight behind the tax and urged the IMF to pursue it . The only major holdout is the United States , where Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner has made his distaste for the proposal clear .
The bad news is that big banks retain significant political power .
The government has played a crucial role in developing every significant new export that the country produces .
But when it comes to industrial policy , it is the United States that takes the cake . This is ironic , because the term `` industrial policy '' is anathema in American political discourse . It is used almost exclusively to browbeat political opponents with accusations of Stalinist economic designs .
The Internet , possibly the most significant innovation of our time , grew out of a Defense Department project initiated in 1969 .
The nudge can take the form of subsidies , loans , infrastructure , and other kinds of support .
But open-ended incentives have their own costs : they can raise consumer prices and bottle up resources in unproductive activities .
The standard rap against industrial policy is that governments can not pick winners .
We can have at most two at one time .
In this case , economic integration can be married with democracy through political union among states .
This was far from a smooth process , as the American Civil War amply demonstrates .
Nor , given linguistic and cultural barriers , can unemployed Greeks move just as easily across the border to a more prosperous European state .
If Greece chooses default , they can not enforce their banks ' claims on Greek borrowers or seize Greek assets .
Nor can they prevent Greece from leaving the eurozone .
Before the crisis , Europe looked like the most likely candidate to make a successful transition to the first equilibrium -- greater political unification .
The best that can be said is that Europe will no longer be able to delay making the choice that the Greek affair has laid bare . If you are an optimist , you might even conclude that Europe will therefore ultimately emerge stronger .
Having suffered a deeper economic collapse in 2009 than the United States did , Europe 's economy is poised for a much more sluggish recovery -- if one can call it that .
During the Latin American debt crisis of the 1980 's or the Asian financial crisis of 1997 , for example , heavily indebted developing countries believed they had few options but to swallow bitter medicine - -- or face a stampede of capital outflows .
If you want to keep borrowing money , you need to convince your lender that you can repay .
Few can predict which way market sentiment will move , least of all market participants themselves .
If they succeed , they can pursue their own priorities and maintain market confidence at the same time .
But how , then , can one explain the fact that almost all wealthy countries -- except those that owe their riches to natural resources alone -- are democratic ?
They can not aspire to continued economic innovation or to global economic leadership .
Their example can sway leaders elsewhere to think that they can aspire to economic ascendancy while tightening the screws on domestic political opposition .
India 's democracy can be maddening in its resistance to economic change .
So he can not be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies . This , along with his inside knowledge of the workings of the police and the prosecutorial branch , give his revelations a credibility that earlier accounts had lacked .
For too many of these countries , economic growth in the last two decades relied on a combination of two factors : a natural rebound from previous financial crises -LRB- as in Latin America -RRB- or political conflicts and civil war -LRB- as in Africa -RRB- , and high commodity prices . Neither can be relied on for the productive transformation that developing countries need .
Global competition has whipped many of the region 's industries into shape and fostered significant productivity gains in advanced sectors , but these gains have remained limited to a narrow segment of the economy .
In most Latin American countries , structural change has served to reduce rather than promote economic growth .
A significant appreciation of the renminbi will reduce or even eliminate that growth subsidy .
The global institutions of our day -- the International Monetary Fund , the World Bank , and the World Trade Organization -- are still largely the creation of American leadership at the end of World War II -LRB- though they have obviously undergone considerable change since then -RRB- .
These institutions reflected American interests , but they also codified certain norms of behavior -- rule-based decision-making , non-discrimination , multilateralism , transparency -- which eventually came to constrain American power as well .
We can be certain of two things : only those countries that adopt growth strategies based on stimulating domestic structural change will do well , and the conundrum of global governance -- how to manage a world economy that has become unruly -- will almost certainly get worse .
Of course , if there was direct evidence that these tariff cuts were correlated with growth -LRB- there is n't -RRB- , you can be certain that the World Bank would have presented those results instead .
So , even in the throes of a financial crisis , banks and non-financial firms can continue to borrow if their balance sheets are sound , uncontaminated by the `` sovereign risk '' of their state government .
As the long American struggle for `` states ' rights '' -- and indeed the Civil War -- shows , creating a political union out of a collection of self-governing entities is hardly a smooth or speedy process .
Worse still , economic union itself can fan the fires of nationalism and endanger political integration .
The idea that structural and labor-market reforms can deliver quick growth is nothing but a mirage .
Countries can rejoin , and do so credibly , when the fiscal , regulatory , and political prerequisites are in place .
Now add social media such as Twitter and Facebook to the equation , and the destabilizing forces that rapid economic change sets into motion can become overwhelming .
A political regime that can handle these pressures need not be democratic in the Western sense of the term .
Of course , mining can not absorb so many workers , so the rest of the Malawian labor force must seek jobs in considerably less productive parts of the economy .
For example , since around 1990 , structural change in the typical Latin American and Sub-Saharan African country has undermined rather than boosted growth .
Appropriate policies can help .
Legal requirements that significantly increase the costs of hiring and firing labor discourage employment creation in new industries .
Would I have been tempted by arguments such as : `` We are trying to develop our economy , and you can really help us with your knowledge ? ''
In the end , an adviser to authoritarian leaders can not escape the dilemma .
But can developing countries really carry the world economy ?
Commodity prices were high , benefiting African and Latin American countries in particular , and external finance was plentiful and cheap .
Moreover , many African countries hit bottom and rebounded from long periods of civil war and economic decline .
Growth ultimately depends on supply-side factors -- investment in and acquisition of new technologies -- and the stock of technologies that can be adopted by poor countries does not disappear when advanced countries ' growth is sluggish .
If history is any guide , the range of countries that can pull this off will remain narrow .
Failure to grow can be attributed to either -LRB- or both -RRB- of two pathologies .
But the fact that some of the world 's most successful economies prospered while doing things that are not in the rule-book is something that can not be dismissed easily .
Learning what a country is -LRB- or can be -RRB- good at producing is a key challenge .
But the investor in the developing country who figures out that an existing good can be produced profitably at home and sets up a model for others to emulate does not normally get such protection , even though the social returns can be high .
Property rights can be implemented through common law , civil law , or , for that matter , Chinese-style socialism .
Competition can be maintained by a combination of free entry and laissez-faire , or by a well-functioning regulatory authority .
Macroeconomic stability can be achieved under a variety of fiscal institutions .
Because policymakers operate in second-best environments , optimal reform trajectories - even in apparently straightforward cases such as price reform - can not be designed without due regard to prevailing conditions and without weighing the consequences for multiple distorted margins .
Neither technology nor good institutions can be acquired without significant domestic adaptations .
Manufacturing , on the other hand , can absorb large numbers of workers with moderate skills , providing them with stable jobs and good benefits .
The growing proportion of low-productivity labor has also contributed to rising inequality in American society .
As Maggie McMillan of the International Food Policy Research Institute has shown , there is an uncanny negative correlation across individual manufacturing industries between employment changes in China and the US .
When manufacturing takes off , it can generate millions of jobs for unskilled workers , often women , who previously were employed in traditional agriculture or petty services .
This has led some to think that India -LRB- and perhaps others -RRB- can take a different , service-led path to growth .
But if this happens more rapidly than workers can acquire advanced skills , the result can be a dangerous imbalance between an economy 's productive structure and its workforce .
We can see the consequences all over the world , in the form of economic underperformance , widening inequality , and divisive politics .
As sensible as this two-pronged approach -- spend now , cut later -- may be , it is made virtually impossible by the absence of any mechanism whereby President Barack Obama can credibly commit himself or future administrations to fiscal tightening .
In return , the highly indebted countries must commit to multi-year programs to restructure fiscal institutions and enhance competitiveness -- reforms that can be implemented and bear fruit only over the medium term .
German politicians and their electorates can be excused for doubting whether future Greek , Irish , or Portuguese governments can be counted upon to deliver on current leaders ' commitments .
But certain fiscal decisions , and most critically the level of the fiscal deficit , can be delegated to an independent board .
Yet this can not mean that fiscal policy for , say , Greece or Italy would be run from Berlin .
Let the government simply enforce property rights and contracts , and -- presto ! -- markets can work their magic .
Of course , if you put too much water in the mix , you ruin the lemonade , just as too much government meddling can make markets dysfunctional .
But the present-day pencil story would be incomplete without citing China 's state-owned firms , which made the initial investments in technology and labor training ; lax forest management policies , which kept wood artificially cheap ; generous export subsidies ; and government intervention in currency markets , which gives Chinese producers a significant cost advantage .
Elsewhere in Scandinavia , the Sweden Democrats , a party with neo-Nazi roots , entered parliament last year with nearly 6 % of the popular vote .
Today , the question is no longer whether politics will become more populist and less internationalist ; it is whether the consequences of that shift can be managed without turning ugly .
Most African governments have liberalized their trade regimes , deregulated their economies , and -LRB- by most measures -RRB- improved the quality of their policymaking .
Western economists and aid agencies complain about inadequate implementation and lack of commitment by African governments .
The case of Mozambican cashews clearly illustrates this .
Mozambique became the first African country to process cashews on a large scale .
The underlying theory is straightforward : if bosses can steal , distant owners will not buy shares .
In particular , ownership separation in the wealthy continental European nations and the US can be linked with the role of labor inside the firm and within society .
Faced with a no-fire rule , shareholders have reason to be very cautious : if expansion is not profitable , they can not reduce labor costs .
Of course , no nation completely bans lay-offs , but flexibility varies greatly and can be central to profitability .
In a nation like the US , where employees can be fired easily , shareholders have less to fear .
Stronger financial markets can move savings to where they can do the most to spur economic growth .
Making finance work should boost economic development significantly .
American courts in the nineteenth century were notably corrupt , sometimes incompetent , and often irrelevant , yet stock and bond markets grew , and continent-spanning firms rose up and got the financing they needed to operate , expand , and industrialize the US economy .
In a stable political environment , informal mechanisms -- such as reputations for reliability , trade associations , and stock exchanges -- can develop and facilitate financial dealings .
Investors and businesses do n't fear that a new regime can take power and call off all , or too many , bets , leading to losses on their investments .
And everyone knows that beneath the stability of the moment lurk explosive forces that can change the regime and devalue huge investments .
But , when over-used by systemically vital firms , they can blow up the financial system , owing to its design defects .
For example , investors holding derivatives and repo contracts with a weakened financial institution can grab the firm 's assets ahead of -- and at the expense of -- its regular creditors , possibly sealing its fate , when , with a little extra time , the firm might have survived .
For Fukushima-type risks , analysts are already discussing how nuclear plants can be designed and built to contain earthquake and tsunami risks via passive cooling .
It is possible , the thinking now runs , to design and build nuclear plants that can keep the fuel rods cool even if all power is lost .
American law gives more authority to managers and corporate directors than to shareholders .
Someone naïve in the ways of US corporations might say that these rules are paper-thin , because shareholders can just elect new directors if the incumbents are recalcitrant . As long as they can elect the directors , one might think , shareholders rule the firm .
That would be plausible if American corporate ownership were concentrated and powerful , with major shareholders owning , say , 25 % of a company 's stock -- a structure common in most other advanced countries , where families , foundations , or financial institutions more often have that kind of authority inside large firms .
Ownership in large American firms is diffuse , with block-holding shareholders scarce , even today . Hedge funds with big blocks of stock are news , not the norm .
Corporate elections for the directors who run American firms are expensive .
American corporate-law reformers have long had their eyes on corporate elections .
About a decade ago , after the Enron and WorldCom scandals , America 's stock-market regulator , the Securities and Exchange Commission -LRB- SEC -RRB- , considered requiring that companies allow qualified shareholders to put their director nominees on the company-paid election ballot .
But there is considerable evidence that when managers are at odds with shareholders , managerial discretion in American firms is excessive and weakens companies .
Both Europe and America can learn a lesson hidden in American history , for , lost in the haze of patriotic veneration of America 's founders is the fact that they created a new country during -- and largely because of -- a crippling debt crisis .
To understand Hamilton 's achievement -- and thus to appreciate its significance for our own times -- we need to understand the scale of the Revolutionary War debt crisis .
Both thought that only a fiscally strong US could have the military prowess needed to defend itself from the European powers , whose return to American soil both men expected .
And it was harder , because the US was an unknown entity , and there was little reason for confidence in the American non-nation .
Americans today know what must be done : some combination of entitlement cuts and tax increases .
CAMBRIDGE -- To reduce the chance that a financial meltdown like that of 2007-2008 will recur , regulators are now seeking to buttress institutions for the longer-run -- at least when they can turn their attention from immediate crises like those of Greece 's debt , America 's ceiling on governmental borrowing , and the potential eurozone contagion from sovereign debt to bank debt .
Worse , as we saw in the financial crisis , if many financial institutions have many such contracts , a rumor of insolvency can induce all of one institution 's derivative counterparties to demand collateral or payment simultaneously , triggering a run that resembles a classic bank run , which could then spread to other firms .
The clearinghouse also enhances transparency , because it can report its aggregate exposures to the regulator , who is better positioned to regulate a central clearinghouse than to regulate many opaque banks . This , too , this should strengthen the financial system .
Equally problematic is the fact that , while the clearinghouse and its participants can net wins and losses to reduce risk for those inside the clearinghouse , the clearinghouse does not assuredly eliminate the basic risk facing the entire financial system .
The real question now facing the planet is whether we can continue improving our technologies or finding cheaper substitutes .
But we can avoid a crisis by embracing the following technical and managerial adaptations :
This saves the recipient from using his own water , which can be saved for higher-value activities ;
Emerging low-water-using sanitation technologies such as urine-separating dry-composting toilets could also significantly reduce urban water demands if properly developed ;
Is the IMF , the member of the UN family charged to maintain global financial stability , really so evil or misguided that it can only propose policies that inflict economic pain instead of alleviating it ?
It is not always an easy process , and reasonable people can and do disagree about the design of IMF-supported programs both before and after the fact .
Instead of feeling the pinch of wartime privations , like in any ordinary country , American consumers are binging as if it were Christmas all year round .
Those true believers argue that America 's consumers can long pursue their spendthrift ways because their country 's economy is better than everyone else 's .
They point to worsening income inequality , as images beamed worldwide from post-hurricane New Orleans illustrated all too clearly .
Nor does it help Americans ' mood that they spend far more of their lives working than do citizens in Europe or , these days , even Japan .
Nevertheless , I suspect that the age of American exceptionalism is near an end , and soon per capita income in Europe and Japan will approach that of the US , rather than falling farther behind .
But if there is one area where obvious opportunities exist , and where policy can really make a difference , it would have to be infrastructure investment .
Private oversight can often produce better and more efficient construction , and , in theory , toll roads help alleviate traffic congestion . -LRB- Ironically , Vickery died while sitting in a traffic jam . -RRB-
The name itself makes it a winner , and the presidents can enjoy watching the fireworks between suave British spy Bond -LRB- Sean Connery -RRB- and his fetching Russian KGB counterpart Tatiana -LRB- Daniela Bianchi -RRB- .
Gore 's film would give the Europeans , always in danger of being marginalized at these meetings , the chance to boast about how they , unlike the Americans and Russians , are already doing their part by heavily taxing gas consumption .
But , on the other hand , some of Bush 's more intemperate Republican colleagues might have told him that global warming will lift ocean levels to the point where many of the coastal `` blue '' states , which tend to vote for the opposition Democrats , will be washed away , leaving only `` red '' Republican states in the center of the country .
Americans buy more foreign-made refrigerators , cars , clothing , computers -- you name it -- than anyone else .
Happily for world exporters , the same binge mentality that makes a whopping two-thirds of Americans either overweight or obese seems to extend to all their purchasing habits .
Since the start of this decade , neither recession nor hurricanes nor sky-high oil prices have seemed to dent their appetites .
The last thing that Bush 's Republicans want is to appear indifferent to the plight of the middle classes .
And bilateral or regional trade deals can chip away at some of the barriers in the current global system .
Services like education , banking , accounting , and insurance account for an ever larger share of global output -LRB- now roughly two-thirds -RRB- , and further expansion requires significant changes in existing agreements .
Even if Asia has succeeded by relentlessly exporting manufactures , today 's poorest countries , especially in Africa , can realistically export only agriculture and textiles .
Bilateral deals can help , but they can also lead to higher trade barriers for everyone else .
So for now , the world must hope that Americans continue gorging on foreign imports .
Wallis Simpson , the controversial US-born Duchess of Windsor , once famously quipped , `` You can never be too rich or too thin . ''
Fortunately for everyone , America 's motto nowadays is `` You can never be too rich or too large . ''
When Americans finally decide to go on an import diet , as they will someday , the world 's hypocrisy over the failed global trade talks will become apparent to all .
But did it ever occur to anybody how hard Americans must work to make everyone else look good ?
But can the same be said for Mexico , where reform has stalled , or for Russia , where reforms have been reversed ?
So non-Americans should be more appreciative of America 's deficits .
Start with the American consumer , who consumes everything on earth -LRB- helping the United States eat up 25 % of world oil production -RRB- but saves essentially nothing .
Thanks to America 's gold-plated financial system , its consumers can buy fancy cars with almost no down payment . They can borrow more and more each year against the value of their homes , and spend every cent .
They can retire earlier and earlier on their smaller and smaller savings .
These investment failures have been great for Americans , who owe a lot less to foreigners than they would otherwise .
Unfortunately , this can not go on forever .
Foreigners are either going to start earning much better returns in the US , pushing American debt levels into unsustainable territory , or else they will pull back and invest elsewhere .
So how low can the dollar sink ?
Even so , is n't it generous of the Americans to make everyone else look so sober and frugal , if only for the moment ?
These traders confidently figure that as long as markets gyrate , no matter what the direction , they can always make money .
And hedge funds , unlike banks , can leverage their bets , borrowing to take on assets many times the size of their capital base .
Moreover , financial innovation and globalization allow markets to spread risk more effectively than ever before , placing it in the hands of those who can best manage it .
America 's Anti-Environmentalists As an American , I am appalled , ashamed , and embarrassed by my country 's lack of leadership in dealing with global warming .
Yet , despite the fact that the United States accounts for roughly 25 % of all man-made global carbon emissions , Americans show little will or inclination to temper their manic consumption .
American citizens ' resistance to moderating energy consumption for the sake of the global environment is much more deeply embedded .
One can not commend the 1990 's Clinton-Gore administration for taking any brave steps aimed at radically reducing carbon emissions .
Small wonder : the American public is fiercely resistant to anything that seriously forces them to compromise on their energy-burning , gas-guzzling lifestyle .
The change of position by the Times , unfortunately , does not herald an about-face in the American electorate .
Mention the idea of an energy tax to any potential 2008 US Presidential candidate , and their faces will pale .
But any 2008 Presidential candidate that dares to talk about making sacrifices now for a safer environment later will really be sticking his neck out .
Until Americans suck it up and start fixing global environmental problems that they , more than anyone , have caused , it will be difficult to get the wholehearted support of the rest of the world .
In Mexico , Chávez 's admirer Andrés Manuel López Obrador would have seized the presidency , possibly for life , had he convinced just a quarter percent more Mexicans voters to support him .
Why has n't Mexico benefited more from the 1992 North American Free Trade agreement ?
Instead , the current installment of Latin American socialism is all too likely to produce a re-run of tragic episodes from the past .
If Americans do n't start embracing their friends in Latin America , it may take a generation to undo the damage .
Their admittedly crude analysis shows why , if volatility continues to fall in 2007 , prices of stocks and other assets can still go a lot higher .
Stocks are risky , depressions can happen , and it is dangerous to extrapolate the past to the future .
China 's leaders still face enormous challenges in maintaining domestic stability , and continuing quiescence can not be taken for granted .
On the contrary , they typically get significantly lower returns than Americans get on their investments abroad .
This enormous subsidy to American taxpayers is , in many ways , the world 's largest foreign aid program .
With over 80 % home ownership , the epic boom in housing prices of the last ten years has spread deep into the American middle class .
Equity holdings are somewhat more concentrated , but many middle class Americans have still benefited indirectly through their pension funds .
Overall , after almost 25 years of stunning prosperity , punctuated by only two mild recessions , most Americans feel pretty confident about their economic situation .
The net result is that money is being parked temporarily in low-yield investments in the US , although this can not be the long-run trend .
As long as the status quo persists , with strong global growth and stunning macroeconomic stability , the US can continue to borrow and run trade deficits without immediate consequence .
In principle , one can also think of scenarios in which the dollar shoots up , but overall these seem less likely .
When that day arrives , Americans had better pray that their creditors will be as happy to accept dollars as they are now .
Policymakers can not hide from that reality forever .
First , as a key player in bringing China into the World Trade Organization , Zoellick is a proven internationalist in an American administration where internationalists have sometimes seemed like an endangered species .
First and foremost , his appointment extends the embarrassingly outmoded practice of always installing an American in the job .
The claim that the World Bank needs an American president to ensure that the US keeps donating money is ridiculous . The annual cost of the US contribution to the World Bank , even taking into account off-the-books loan guarantees , is relatively minor .
Reform number one , of course , is to ensure that the next World Bank President is not an American .
As the Bank switches from loans to grants , it can use some of its massive retained earnings to endow its `` knowledge bank '' function and related technical advice .
Sophisticated X-ray diagnostic techniques such as CT scans make it possible to detect many cancers at a treatable stage .
In addition to reducing mortality , new medical techniques can also have a huge effect on the quality of life .
In principle , greater use of market mechanisms to allocate health care can slow or even temporarily reverse the rise in healthcare costs .
Central bankers can not explain equity or housing prices and their movements any better than investors can .
In short , no central banker can be the Oracle of Delphi .
Just a month ago , for example , the US statistical authorities significantly downgraded their estimate of national output for 2004 !
Even inflation can be very hard to measure precisely .
What can price stability possibly mean in an era when new goods and services are constantly being introduced , and at a faster rate than ever before ?
US statisticians have tried to `` fix '' the consumer price index to account for new products , but many experts believe that measured US inflation is still at least one percentage point too high , and the margin of error can be more volatile than conventional CPI inflation itself .
So , while monetary policy can in theory be automated , as computer programmers say , `` garbage in , garbage out . ''
In a sense , a central bank 's relationship with asset markets is like that of a man who claims he is going to the ballet to make himself happy , not to make his wife happy . But then he sheepishly adds that if his wife is not happy , he can not be happy .
Yet , given clear inflationary pressures in countries like Saudi Arabia , Argentina , and Russia , and notable price spikes in China , the world just might have reached a moment when agreement can be reached .
The leading Democratic US presidential candidates have indicated their support .
Maybe not , but Americans will certainly find global hegemony a lot more expensive if the dollar falls off its perch .
Until now , Americans have been raking in profits by borrowing cheaply from pliant foreigners and investing the money in high-yield foreign equities , land , and bonds .
Counting capital gains , Americans have profited to the tune of $ 300 billion to $ 400 billion annually in many recent years -- an amount roughly equivalent to the entire US military budget .
But the really big bucks come from the fact that places like the People 's Bank of China and the Bank of Japan passively hold enormous volumes of low-interest US debt , while Americans romp around the world with venture capital , private equity , and investment banks , reaping huge gains .
Foreign investors are already reshuffling their portfolios , moving into euros , pounds , and even emerging-market currencies like the Brazilian real and the South African rand .
Even without any portfolio shift , Americans should n't expect their recent luck to hold up in the future .
Unfortunately , faced with the growing risks to the dollar 's status , American policymakers , rather than nursing the country 's premier export , seem to be more interested in milking it .
When the Chinese premier , OPEC heads of state , and the world 's richest supermodel all express concern about the dollar , you can be sure we are in for a bumpy ride .
The good news for Americans is that there is enormous inertia in the world trading and financial system .
American voters , who are famously loathe to increase taxes , might start thinking a lot harder about the real economic costs of their country 's superpower status .
Unions ' rising influence is evident in many recent events : German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's controversial deal to raise minimum wages for postal employees ; several American presidential candidates ' open misgivings about trade and immigration ; and the Chinese leadership 's nascent concerns about labor standards .
A case in point is union lobbying against the US-Colombia free-trade agreement , ratification of which would greatly advance US-Latin American relations .
America Goes from Teacher to Student Cambridge &#45; &#45; As the United States ' epic financial crisis continues to unfold , one can only wish that US policymakers were half as good at listening to advice from developing countries as they are at giving it .
Americans do n't seem to realize that their `` sub-prime '' mortgage meltdown has all too much in common with many previous post-1945 banking crises throughout the world .
These include epic crises in the Scandinavian countries , Spain , and Japan , along with lesser events such as the US savings and loan crises of the 1980 's .
Americans firmly told Japan that the only way to clean up its economy was to purge insolvent banks and regenerate the financial system through Schumpeterian `` creative destruction . ''
For years , foreign governments complained about American hedge funds , arguing that their non-transparent behavior posed unacceptable risks to stability .
Now , many US politicians are complaining about the transparency of sovereign wealth funds -LRB- big government investors mainly from Asia and the Middle East -RRB- , which are taking shares in trophy American assets such as Citibank and Merrill Lynch .
The United Nations Development Program has championed the position that all countries should get significant aid , regardless of how they are governed , on the grounds that thousands of children die every day and there is no room for sanctimonious extremism .
Looser US monetary policy has thus set the tempo for inflation in a significant chunk -- perhaps as much as 60 % -- of the global economy .
If the US tips from mild recession into deep recession , the global deflationary implications will cancel out some of the inflationary pressures the world is facing .
You ca n't treat your customers as badly as the United States has done lately if they can go elsewhere .
Moreover , international investors can buy and sell real estate far more easily in the US than in most of Europe .
And the absence of a Europe-wide fiscal policy creates significant uncertainty about how the European Central Bank would finance itself if it suddenly faced large losses on junk bank debt after a big bailout .
Indeed , if the euro zone can persuade Great Britain to become a full-fledged member , thereby acquiring one of the world 's two premier financial centers -LRB- London -RRB- , the euro might really start to look like a viable alternative to the dollar .
How can the US Treasury , on the one hand , periodically flirt with labeling China a `` currency manipulator '' and , on the other hand , condone a similar strategy in oil-exporting countries ?
Of course , one can imagine other reasons for US supplication to the oil states .
Perhaps the administration worries that it can not simultaneously beg for lower dollar oil prices and help promote a weaker dollar .
One can hope that his confidence is justified .
There is no cause for the US to place any significant new restrictions on sovereign investments in the US beyond those that it already has on trade .
However , even if we can agree on keeping the US open to sovereign wealth fund investments , that is no reason for promoting exchange-rate policies that exacerbate the very trade imbalances that are driving the whole sovereign wealth fund phenomenon in the first place .
Unfortunately , no one , certainly not in Asia or the United States , seems willing to bite the bullet and help engineer the necessary coordinated retreat to sustained sub-trend growth , which is necessary so that new commodity supplies and alternatives can catch up .
On the contrary , the US government has been handing out tax-rebate checks so that Americans will shop until they drop , and now Congress is talking about doing more .
New York City , for example , has seen a reduction of perhaps 5 % in private vehicles entering the city over the past six months . Gridlock has abated , and you can almost get around the city by car these days .
For a variety of reasons , mostly related to government intervention , few emerging market economies can be categorized as having flexible resource demand , so commodity price spikes are not having a particularly big effect on demand .
If you can not be Silicon Valley , then why not create a mini-Wall Street ?
Now Iceland 's banks , having borrowed several times the national GDP , are in desperate trouble , with debts far beyond what the small country 's taxpayers can absorb .
Weak banks must be allowed to fail or merge -LRB- with ordinary depositors being paid off by government insurance funds -RRB- , so that strong banks can emerge with renewed vigor .
But history suggests that fixing a central bank 's balance sheet is never pleasant . Faced with credit losses , a central bank can either dig its way out through inflation or await recapitalization by taxpayers .
And , while calculating the size of the financial sector is extremely difficult due to its opaqueness and complexity , official US statistics indicate that financial firms accounted for roughly one-third of American corporate profits in 2006 .
Multi-million dollar bonuses on Wall Street and in the City of London have become routine , and financial firms have dominated donor lists for all the major political candidates in the 2008 US presidential election .
In principle , the financial industry can become smaller by having each institution contract proportionately , say , by 15 % . But this is not the typical pattern in any industry .
The plan 's central conceit is that government ingenuity can disentangle the trillion-dollar `` sub-prime '' mortgage loan market , even though Wall Street 's own rocket scientists have utterly failed to do so .
Is n't it possible , then , that rather than causing a Great Depression , significant shrinkage of the financial sector , particularly if facilitated by an improved regulatory structure , might actually enhance efficiency and growth ?
Just a short time ago , the IMF seemed relegated to a sustained period of irrelevance as it failed to modernize either its euro-centric political representation or its arcane government-to-government lending facilities .
Emerging-market companies alone have hundreds of billions coming due in the next twelve months , far more than their governments ' reserves can cover if credit markets do not normalize .
The American dollar soared , the Japanese yen went into orbit , the euro fell to earth , and the British pound crashed , leaving a giant crater .
Emerging-market currencies were hammered , as were `` commodity currencies '' such as the Canadian , Australian , and New Zealand dollars , and the South African rand .
Indeed , the currency of any country that is significantly dependent on commodity exports has suffered .
For the moment , global investors can not get enough of US treasury bills , as collapsing interest rates for short-term US securities demonstrates .
Admittedly , some of the major currency 's movements during the past year can be regarded as normalizing .
On a purchasing power basis -LRB- a crude measure of what different currencies can buy in terms of real goods -RRB- , the euro was absurdly overvalued at $ 1.60 , just as the yen was absurdly undervalued at over ¥ 120 to the dollar .
Moderate inflation in the short run -- say , 6 % for two years -- would not clear the books . But it would significantly ameliorate the problems , making other steps less costly and more effective .
Absent significant inflation , nominal house prices probably need to fall another 15 % in the US , and more in Spain , the UK , and many other countries .
Indeed , it seems like avoiding sustained deflation , or falling prices , is all they can manage .
With good communication policy , inflation expectations can be contained , and inflation can be brought down as quickly as necessary .
Cambridge -- You know that American self-confidence is shaken when even the President starts expressing fear that the financial crisis may turn out worse than the Great Depression of the 1930 's .
One can only hope that the state can get out of the economy half as fast as it is getting in .
The immediate problem is a credit crunch not so much in China as in the United States and Europe , where many small and medium-size importers can not get the trade credits they need to buy inventory from abroad .
Even if successful in the short run , the huge shift toward government spending will almost certainly lead to significantly slower growth rates a few years down the road .
One way or the other , the financial crisis is likely to slow medium-term Chinese growth significantly .
But few emerging markets have reached a stage at which they can withstand a sustained collapse in the developed economies , much less serve as substitute engines of global growth .
Geithner also aims to make financial deals simpler and easier to evaluate , so that boards , regulators , and investors can better assess the risks they face .
If our leaders can not find a new approach , there is every chance that financial globalization will shift quickly into reverse , making it all the more difficult to escape the current morass .
But how strong an expansion can one reasonably expect when the worst is finally over ?
I have trouble seeing how the US and China , the main engines of global growth for two decades , can avoid settling on a notably lower average growth rate than they enjoyed before the crisis .
If authorities set the clock back several decades on banking regulation , can we be so sure they will not also set the clock back on income ?
Higher taxes and greater regulation can not be good for growth .
True , there is room to run the government more efficiently , especially in the areas of education and health care . But will these savings be enough to offset the burden of a significantly larger overall government ?
But governments all over the world are always convinced that their expansions can be substantially financed by efficiency gains , and that dream usually proves chimerical .
Despite Chinese official rhetoric about the need for a new global currency to replace the dollar , and US lawmakers ' flirtation with `` Buy American '' clauses -LRB- which scares everyone , not just the Chinese -RRB- , no one will want to rock a boat that has almost capsized .
Chinese consumers , on the other hand , might actually start spending more of their income if they can worry a bit less about saving for health care , their children 's education , and their old-age retirement .
Such extraordinary fiscal largesse , all at taxpayers ' expense , can not continue indefinitely .
The obvious candidates to replace them are Chinese and other Asian consumers , whose combined economies are more than equal to that of the US .
But are Asian governments prepared to abandon their mercantilist paradigm ?
So policymakers ' responses can not be evaluated by short-term measures , either .
If Europe continues to make its labor markets more flexible , its financial market regulation more genuinely pan-European , and remains open to trade , trend growth can pick up again in the wake of the crisis .
If European countries look inward , however , with Germany pushing its consumers to buy German cars , the French government forcing car companies to keep unproductive factories open , etc. , one can expect a decade of stagnation .
Moreover , with growing concerns about the sustainability of US fiscal policy , the euro has a huge opportunity to play a significantly larger role as a reserve currency .
The overwhelming consensus in the policy community is that if only the government had bailed out Lehman , the whole thing would have been a hiccup and not a heart attack . Famous investors and leading policymakers alike have opined that in our ultra-interconnected global economy , a big financial institution like Lehman can never be allowed to fail .
China 's Dollar Problem CAMBRIDGE -- When will China finally realize that it can not accumulate dollars forever ?
But , rather than taking significant action , the US continued to grease the wheels of its financial sector .
But will Americans ' newfound moderation last ?
Of course , the US government claims to want to rein in borrowing . But , assuming the economy must claw its way out of recession for at least another year or two , it is difficult to see how the government can fulfill its Pittsburgh pledge .
So far , China has looked to external markets so that exporters can achieve the economies of scale needed to improve quality and move up the value chain .
But there is no reason in principle that Chinese planners can not follow the same model in reorienting the economy to a more domestic-demand-led growth strategy .
Yes , China needs to strengthen its social safety net and to deepen domestic capital markets before consumption can take off .
Yes , if you are a bank , particularly a big one , you can raise money easily enough , thanks to sweeping explicit and implicit government guarantees .
The good news is that most governments do see the need to implement significant new regulation on financial firms .
Yet , Dubai has also shown the rest of the Middle East what entrepreneurial spirit can accomplish .
Its airport has become a global hub of such significance that German regulators recently had to force Emirates Airlines to raise its rates to Frankfurt , lest national champion Lufthansa lose too much business .
There is no way around the need for Dubai to restructure and prune its excesses before it can resume a more sustainable growth trajectory , though achieving this will take time .
It gets worse . Many commercially available computer programs can be set to mimic the styles of top grandmasters to an extent that is almost uncanny .
Indeed , chess programs now come very close to passing the late British mathematician Alan Turing 's ultimate test of artificial intelligence : can a human conversing with the machine tell it is not human ?
Only a machine can consistently tell what another computer would do in a given position .
Chess lends itself very well to Internet play , and fans can follow top-level tournaments in real time , often with commentary .
Of course , this is a microcosm of the larger changes that we can expect .
ATHENS - -- Even as the European Union and the International Monetary Fund lay the groundwork for a giant first-round bailout , debate is swirling about whether Greece can avoid sovereign default .
Loss of credibility , if it comes , can bite hard and fast .
Indeed , the historical evidence slams you over the head with the fact that , whereas government debt can drift upward inexorably for years , the end usually comes quite suddenly .
And it can happen to any country , although advanced countries can usually tighten fiscal policy with sufficient speed and credibility that the pain comes mainly in slower growth .
If it can , then perhaps watching other countries suffer will help convince the local political elite to consent to adjustment .
But you can not outrun a lion , says the other man , to which the first replies : `` I do n't have to outrun the lion .
Most Greeks are taking whatever action they can to avoid the government 's likely insatiable thirst for higher tax revenues , with wealthy individuals shifting money abroad and ordinary people migrating to the underground economy .
Nevertheless , Greece can avoid an Argentine-style meltdown , but it needs to engage in far more determined adjustment .
Japan 's Slow-Motion Crisis TOKYO -- If you listen to American , European , or even Chinese leaders , Japan is the economic future no one wants .
Chinese leaders love pointing to Japan as the prime reason not to allow any significant appreciation of their conspicuously undervalued currency .
Now , the eurozone countries have agreed that the Fund can come into Greece and , presumably , Portugal , Spain , Italy , and Ireland , if needed .
When France 's Dominique Strauss-Kahn took over the helm in the fall of 2007 , even poor African countries were shunning the IMF like a leper , preferring to make deals with non-traditional lenders such as China .
Although countries occasionally can grow their way out of debt problems , as China did with its 1990 's banking crisis , bankrupt countries usually face painful budget arithmetic .
Simply put , no one wants to be the next major IMF supplicant .
The most famous case is Argentina in 2002 , but other recent examples include Indonesia , Uruguay , and the Dominican Republic .
The problem with being `` Mr. Nice Guy '' for too long is that , even with its vast new resources , the IMF can not let clients hang on forever .
By contrast , some finance specialists favor forcing banks to rely much more on `` contingent '' debt that can be forcibly converted to -LRB- possibly worthless -RRB- stock in the event of a system-wide meltdown .
One can only hope that the spill will be contained soon , and that the ever-darkening worst-case scenarios will not materialize .
It is a huge embarrassment for US President Barack Obama that he proposed -- admittedly under pressure from the Republican opposition -- to expand offshore oil drilling greatly just before the BP catastrophe struck .
Will Brazil really risk its spectacular coastline for oil , now that everyone has been reminded of what can happen ?
The advanced countries , which can best afford to restrain long-term growth , must lead by example .
We can ill afford to keep getting it wrong .
You can tell Americans and Europeans that they should rejoice over the boundless cheap goods and cheap credit that trade with Asia has supplied . But all their politicians seem to worry about is how some farmer or textile worker may lose their job .
You can tell Latin Americans or Africans that Asia 's unquenchable thirst for natural resources will keep pushing up the prices of their commodity and agricultural exports in perpetuity , turning wheat fields into gold mines . But all their politicians seem to want to worry about is protecting doomed domestic manufacturers against low-wage Asian competition .
Today 's world is one of fast-changing currents , where a region flourishes one day , and the next its factories collapse economically as if hit by hurricane Katrina .
German workers who make high-end machine tools are proud of their craft , and they do n't want to be told that the same work can be done for much less in Poland and Slovakia .
CAMBRIDGE -- Perhaps it is a pipe dream , but it is just possible that the ongoing BP oil-spill catastrophe in the Gulf of Mexico will finally catalyze support for an American environmental policy with teeth .
Why should there be any reason for hope , especially given that US environmental policy has been predicated on the unrealistic belief that relatively small subsidies to new energy technologies can substitute for tax-induced price incentives for producers and consumers ?
If summer hurricanes push huge quantities of oil onto Florida 's beaches and up the Eastern seaboard , the resulting political explosion will make the reaction to the financial crisis seem muted .
In principle , one can create a `` cap-and-trade '' system of quantitative restrictions that accomplishes much the same thing -- and this seems to be more palatable to politicians , who will jump through hoops to avoid using the word `` tax . ''
A carbon tax can help preserve the atmosphere while also discouraging some of the most exotic and risky energy-exploration activities by making them unprofitable .
The point is that , when people can visualize a problem , they are far less able to discount or ignore it .
Modern-day record unemployment and extreme inequality may seem far less tolerable as young people realize that some of the most cherished `` free '' things in life -- palatable weather , clean air , and nice beaches , for example -- can not be taken for granted .
Unfortunately , far too much discussion has centered on what governments can do to stimulate demand through budget deficits and monetary policy .
Both seem set for a long period of slow credit growth , owing both to necessary stricter financial regulation and to the fact that their economies remain significantly over-leveraged .
But if the US does experience slow growth over the next decade , can it all be blamed on the financial crisis ?
In Europe , too , if there are adverse growth effects over the next decade , they can not all be blamed on the financial crisis .
CAMBRIDGE -- As the US economy limps toward the second anniversary of the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy , anemic growth has left unemployment mired near 10 % , with little prospect of significant improvement anytime soon .
Little wonder that , with mid-term congressional elections coming in November , Americans are angrily asking why the government 's hyper-aggressive stimulus policies have not turned things around .
What more , if anything , can be done ?
Americans borrowed and shopped until they were blue in the face , thinking that an ever-rising housing price market would wash away all financial sins .
Even now , many Americans believe that the simple solution to the nation 's problem is just to cut taxes and goose up private consumption .
A second problem with tax cuts is that they might well have only a limited impact on demand in the short run , with the private sector hoarding a significant share of the funds to repair badly over-leveraged balance sheets .
By some measures , nearly half of all Americans do not pay any income tax already , so cutting taxes skews an already very unequal income distribution .
Nor can the government always be the employer of last resort .
While America is facing the limits of fiscal policy , monetary policy can do more , as Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke detailed in a recent speech in Jackson Hole , Wyoming .
The government can certainly help , but beware of pied pipers touting quick fixes .
So it can happen anywhere .
But if real interest rates rise significantly , as well they might someday , gold prices could plummet .
Still , even if other world leaders conclude that they can not support numerical targets , they must recognize the pain that the US is suffering in the name of free trade .
American hegemony over the global economy is perhaps in its final decades .
The endgame is far more likely to entail a wave of debt write-downs , similar to the one that finally wound up the Latin American debt crisis of the 1980 's .
With an average growth rate of less than 1 % over the past decade , and arguably the most sclerotic labor market in Europe , it is hard to see how Portugal can grow out of its massive debt burden .
The central government is arguably solvent , but a significant chunk of municipal and provincial bank debt seems underwater .
Ultimately , a significant restructuring of private and\/or public debt is likely to be needed in all of the debt-distressed eurozone countries .
Allowing European debt problems to fester and grow by sweeping them under the carpet through dubious theatrics can only make those problems worse .
Most post-mortems of the Latin American crisis suggest that all parties would have been far better served had they been able to agree on partial debt forgiveness much earlier .
For starters , we can certainly expect a continuation of the so-called currency wars , in which countries strive to keep their exchange rates from appreciating too rapidly and choking off exports .
As for currency collapse , the most prominent candidate has to be the euro .
Eventually , China 's rapid growth will have to be reflected in a significant rise in its currency , its domestic price level , or in both .
It can not help that the government is simultaneously being forced to absorb new austerity measures to deal with the country 's precarious debt burden .
Social mobility is further impeded as the rich shower their children with private education and after-school help , while the poorest in many countries can not afford even to let their children stay in school .
Instability can express itself anywhere .
For now , low world interest rates are restraining debt-service costs , but debt levels can be reduced only very gradually over long periods , whereas real -LRB- inflation-adjusted -RRB- interest rates can rise far more quickly , even for rich countries .
Fine , but what happens to people , like the poor of hurricane-struck New Orleans , who do n't own boats ?
But it can not wait too long , lest inflation expectations drift to a dangerously high level , forcing the Fed to move aggressively -- and at the cost of considerable economic pain -- to wring inflation out of the system .
The Fed must always remember that no matter how calm and rational its analysis may be , it is dealing with markets that can be anything but calm and rational .
Moreover , too many policymakers have relied on the belief that , at the end of the day , this is just a deep recession that can be subdued by a generous helping of conventional policy tools , whether fiscal policy or massive bailouts .
An analogous approach can be done for countries . For example , rich countries ' voters in Europe could perhaps be persuaded to engage in a much larger bailout for Greece -LRB- one that is actually big enough to work -RRB- , in exchange for higher payments in ten to fifteen years if Greek growth outperforms .
Rather than slavishly believing policymakers ' assurances , emerging-market researchers have learned to be cynical about official promises . All too often , everything that can be done wrong will be done wrong .
In the long run , wages would fall , and ordinary workers would end up bearing a significant share of the cost .
It is true that Latin American governments , particularly the Brazilian authorities , succeeded in raising more revenue from taxes on bank withdrawals -LRB- a crude version of an FTT -RRB- than most policy analysts thought possible .
One can almost buy this idea , except that the tax is so counterproductive in the long run that it is hardly obvious that it would be better than nothing .
I can think of one very good reason why the euro needs to fall , and six not-so-convincing reasons why it should remain stable or appreciate .
Absent a clear path to a much tighter fiscal and political union , which can lead only through constitutional change , the current halfway house of the euro system appears increasingly untenable .
Whereas the US Congress 's `` supercommittee , '' charged with formulating a fiscal-consolidation package , will likely come up with a proposal , it is far from clear that either Republicans or Democrats will be willing to accept compromise in an election year .
But , because the overall value of the euro has to be a balance of the eurozone 's north and south , one can argue that 1.4 is within a reasonable range .
Europeans do n't want explanations ; they want to be consulted -- to have input into American decision-making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
In Iraq , Europeans fully share the American objectives of preserving the country 's unity and achieving at least some modicum of democracy .
European attitudes may seem shortsighted to Americans , but it would need a lot of cajoling to change them .
On the question of Iran 's nuclear weapons capability , Americans and Europeans also fundamentally agree : it should be prevented .
European efforts to induce Teheran to renounce its nuclear designs by addressing Iran 's legitimate security concerns and offering important opportunities for economic and social betterment can not be successful without active US support .
In other words , Europe 's carrots are not enough ; a successful outcome requires American carrots , too .
In short , on many of the most important current international issues , Americans and Europeans share the same objectives and basic goals .
European leaders must overcome any latent Anti-Americanism and be prepared to make the kind of contributions to common endeavors that would entitle them to equal partnership with the US .
Of course , Plato 's disdain for democracy is never far from the surface of his prose , yet he has a legitimate point : how , after all , can high ethical standards be ensured when democratic elections tend to reward self-interest and the lowest common denominator ?
In such an environment , can public ethics be revived ?
Europe can take the lead in writing ethics back into politics .
Thus , the opposition achieved its objective : a beachhead in Venezuelan politics with real and significant popular support .
The opposition , meanwhile , will try to expand on its victory , which , though partial , was significant in its political symbolism .
Recent attempts by Filipino lawyers to prosecute civil claims for environmental tort and human rights abuses before American courts demonstrate just how desperate Filipino claimants are to seek redress against those who have acted negligently or with impunity .
Even those Filipinos who can afford to litigate have to wait ; a claimant in the Dona Paz tragedy , for example , waited 19 years before recovering $ 250,000 in damages .
As a general rule , though , Filipino ferry and ship passengers are poor and can not afford the services of lawyers or the high filing fees demanded by the courts .
It would indicate that there can be no true peace in Guatemala as long as the powerful are accommodated with grants of amnesty and forgetting is prized over truth and justice .
Rebuffed but undaunted , Ríos Montt founded a political party , the Guatemalan Republican Front -LRB- FRG -RRB- .
Whether Ríos Montt can win is a topic of intense debate .
Polls show him trailing Oscar Berger , a conservative former Guatemala City mayor supported by the business community , as well as the more leftist candidate , Alvaro Colom .
In July , amidst the turmoil surrounding the judicial flip-flopping on his candidacy , busloads of his followers -- including paramilitaries armed with machetes and guns -- entered the capital and attacked groups of people critical of the general .
If the courts fail to act , the CALDH will take the case to the Inter-American Court of Human Rights in San Jose , Costa Rica , or perhaps to Europe .
It was used to describe Obama 's new American diplomacy , particularly with regard to Iran , at least until the disputed elections in Iran last summer and the worsening domestic crisis that has ensued .
Brazilian officials know that they can achieve this goal only by acting independently -- but without diverging too far from the positions of the current permanent members .
The European Commission spent the last three years trying to tighten the exchange rate criterion , which would make it an insurmountable obstacle for eurozone candidates .
Although the criterion requires only that countries remain within the ERM 's normal fluctuation band - 15 % on either side of a central parity - the Commission says that it will base recommendations concerning candidate countries ' admission on whether their exchange rates remain within a 2.25 % band .
A eurozone candidate 's inflation must not be more than 1.5 percentage points above the average of the three best performing EU states for one year .
But the three countries that prospective members can be compared to may be outside the eurozone .
But the small countries now wishing to join the eurozone , which together make up 6 % of the zone 's economy , can not impose significant damage on existing members were they to get convergence wrong , let alone anything like the damage caused by Germany joining with an overvalued currency .
Intervention inside the narrow band would be discouraged -LRB- banned ? -RRB- , so that rather than trying to force the foreign exchange market to fit the policies of a candidate country , we would be `` listening '' to what markets say about the best rate for conversion to the euro .
The hardest challenge is redefining the fiscal criterion , but one thing is clear : it would be absurd if candidates had to pass a test that was never applied after entry .
The `` reset '' of relations with Russia can succeed only if it is reciprocal .
American security analyst Charles Kupchan raised a pertinent question when he asked whether Russia should eventually join the Atlantic alliance , pointing out that the settlements concluded after the Napoleonic wars and World War II show that alliances between former adversaries can be critical to the consolidation of great-power peace .
The revived importance of multilateral security institutions is creating a new climate and new prospects for a security system that can meet the needs of the twenty-first century .
Most of these economies can avoid the worst if they implement the appropriate policy adjustments and if the international financial institutions -LRB- including the IMF -RRB- provide enough lending to cover their external financing needs .
Even in the guarantee model there can be such implicit government over-payment -LRB- or an over-guarantee that is not properly priced by the fees that the government receives -RRB- .
It can also resolve the problem of managing banks ' bad assets by reselling most of assets and deposits -- with a government guarantee -- to new private shareholders after a clean-up of the bad assets -LRB- as in the resolution of the Indy Mac bank failure -RRB- .
With nationalization , the government can break up these financial monstrosities and sell them to private investors as smaller good banks .
In the last two months alone , one can count more than 150 different policy interventions around the world .
One can not rule out a couple of quarters of sharp GDP growth as the inventory cycle and the massive policy boost lead to a short-term revival .
As a result , one can not rule out that by late 2010 or 2011 , a perfect storm of oil above $ 100 a barrel , rising government-bond yields , and tax increases -LRB- as governments seek to avoid debt-refinancing risks -RRB- may lead to a renewed growth slowdown , if not an outright double-dip recession .
A negative oil shock , together with rising government-bond yields -- could clip the recovery 's wings and lead to a significant further downturn in asset prices and in the real economy .
A Tale of Two American Economies
A Tale of Two American Economies NEW YORK -- While the United States recently reported 3.5 % GDP growth in the third quarter , suggesting that the most severe recession since the Great Depression is over , the American economy is actually much weaker than official data suggest .
Many of the lost jobs -- in construction , finance , and outsourced manufacturing and services -- are gone forever , and recent studies suggest that a quarter of US jobs can be fully outsourced over time to other countries .
Larger firms -- even those with large debt problems -- can refinance their excessive liabilities in court or out of court ; but an unprecedented number of small businesses are going bankrupt .
There are several reasons why gold prices are rising , but they suggest a gradual rise with significant risks of a downward correction , rather than a rapid rise towards $ 2,000 , as today 's gold bugs claim .
Fourth , the global supply of gold -- both existing and newly produced -- is limited , and demand is rising faster than it can be met .
Given the inelastic supply of gold , even a small shift in the portfolios of central banks and private investors towards gold increases its price significantly .
But , since gold has no intrinsic value , there are significant risks of a downward correction .
If you truly fear a global economic meltdown , you should stock up on guns , canned food , and other commodities that you can actually use in your log cabin .
So early fiscal consolidation can be expansionary on balance .
The US also faces political constraints to fiscal consolidation : Americans are deluding themselves that they can enjoy European-style social spending while maintaining low tax rates , as under President Ronald Reagan .
If America 's Democrats lose in the mid-term elections this November , there is a risk of persistent fiscal deficits as Republicans veto tax increases while Democrats veto spending cuts .
But if the US does use the inflation tax as a way to reduce the real value of its public debt , the risk of a disorderly collapse of the US dollar would rise significantly .
Deficits in excess of 10 % of GDP can be found in many advanced economies , and debt-to-GDP ratios are expected to rise sharply -- in some cases doubling in the next few years .
In countries that can not issue debt in their own currency -LRB- traditionally emerging-market economies -RRB- , or that issue debt in their own currency but can not independently print money -LRB- as in the euro zone -RRB- , unsustainable fiscal deficits often lead to a credit crisis , a sovereign default , or other coercive form of public-debt restructuring .
In countries that borrow in their own currency and can monetize the public debt , a sovereign debt crisis is unlikely , but monetization of fiscal deficits can eventually lead to high inflation .
A vicious circle of public-finance deficits , current-account gaps , worsening external-debt dynamics , and stagnating growth can then set in .
Eventually , this can lead to default on euro-zone members ' public and foreign debt , as well as exit from the monetary union by fragile economies unable to adjust and reform fast enough .
But if a country is effectively insolvent rather than just illiquid , such `` bailouts '' can not prevent eventual default and devaluation -LRB- or exit from a monetary union -RRB- because the international lender of last resort eventually will stop financing an unsustainable debt dynamic , as occurred Argentina -LRB- and in Russia in 1998 -RRB- .
Restoring sustained growth requires real currency depreciation . There are only three ways that this can occur .
But deflation is associated with persistent recession -LRB- see Argentina again -RRB- , and no country 's society and political system can accept years of recession and fiscal austerity to achieve real depreciation . Default and an exit from the euro would occur well before that .
But official support will only kick the can down the road until next year .
If fiscal imbalances are not addressed through spending cuts and revenue increases , only two options remain : inflation for countries that borrow in their own currency and can monetize their deficits ; or default for countries that borrow in a foreign currency or ca n't print their own .
Countries that can still afford fiscal stimulus and need to reduce their savings and increase spending should contribute to the global current-account adjustment -- via currency adjustments and expenditure increases -- in order to prevent a global shortage of aggregate demand .
And one can not exclude the possibility of an Israeli military strike on Iran in the next 12 months .
· CEOs and boards of directors of financial firms -- let alone regulators and supervisors -- can not effectively monitor the risks and behaviors of thousands of separate profit and loss centers in a firm , as each trader and banker is a separate P&L with its own capital at risk ;
There are also massive agency problems in the financial system , because principals -LRB- such as shareholders -RRB- can not properly monitor the actions of agents -LRB- CEOs , managers , traders , bankers -RRB- that pursue their own interest .
Fourth , greed can not be controlled by any appeal to morality and values . Greed has to be controlled by fear of loss , which derives from knowledge that the reckless institutions and agents will not be bailed out .
It is why Spain and Ireland are in serious trouble , and why even Italy -- which is on relatively sounder fiscal footing , but has had flat per capita income for a decade and little structural reform -- can not be complacent .
Given that he will face a serious challenge from the Socialist Party candidate -- most likely the formidable Dominique Strauss-Kahn -- in the 2012 presidential election , Sarkozy is likely to postpone serious fiscal austerity and launch only cosmetic structural reforms .
These measures will fail to reduce interbank spreads significantly , because monetary policy can not address the core problems underlying the crisis .
At the same time , monetary injections can not resolve the generalized uncertainty of a financial system in which globalization and securitization have led to a lack of transparency that has undermined trust and confidence .
Monetary policy alone can not resolve the consequences of inaction by regulators and supervisors amid the credit excesses of the last few years .
Within the eurozone , this problem is exacerbated by the fact that Germany , with its large surpluses , can live with a stronger euro , whereas the PIIGS -LRB- Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece , and Spain -RRB- can not .
The trouble , of course , is that not all currencies can be weak at the same time : if one is weaker , another must , by definition , be stronger .
Likewise , not all economies can improve net exports at the same time : the global total is , by definition , equal to zero .
If China , emerging markets , and other surplus countries prevent nominal currency appreciation via intervention -- and prevent real appreciation via sterilization of such intervention -- the only way deficit countries can achieve real depreciation is via deflation .
But , in many cases , inflows are driven by short-term factors , fads , and irrational exuberance , which can lead to an overvalued currency , the crowding out of non-traditional export sectors or import-competing sectors , a loss of competitiveness , and eventually a large current-account deficit and thus tighter external constraints on growth .
This is effective in stemming upward exchange-rate pressure , but it feeds the beast : it exacerbates overheating in already fast-growing emerging markets , causing inflation and leading to excessive credit growth , which can fuel dangerous asset bubbles .
But when a currency 's appreciation is triggered by capital inflows that represent the asset-diversification preferences of advanced-economy investors , it can and should be resisted .
On one hand , stimulus had become a dirty word -- even within the Obama administration -- well before the Republicans ' mid-term election victory ruled out another round altogether .
On the other hand , medium-term consolidation will be all but impossible in America 's current atmosphere of hyper-partisanship , with Republicans blocking any tax increase and Democrats resisting reforms of entitlement spending .
Thus , the current strategy of kicking the can down the road will soon reach its limits , and a different plan will be needed to save the eurozone .
Similarly , super-sovereigns can not continue to bail out distressed sovereigns that are insolvent rather than illiquid .
Such exchange offers can limit private creditors ' losses if they are done early .
That way , formal haircuts on the face value of debt can be avoided via new bonds that include only a maturity extension and an interest-rate cap that is set below today 's unsustainable market rates .
In the next few months , it will become clear whether European policymakers can compromise and implement reforms that dampen the threat of a eurozone breakup .
Either the EU moves in the direction of a more stable equilibrium of closer integration , or the risk of an unstable and disorderly breakup scenario will rise significantly .
In the US , slower private-sector deleveraging -- given the fiscal stimulus from the extension of unemployment benefits for 13 months , the payroll-tax cut , and maintenance of current income-tax rates for another two years -- could lull policymakers into assuming that relatively large fiscal and current-account imbalances can continue indefinitely .
The damage from the financial crisis is still ongoing , but stronger growth can heal many wounds , especially debt-driven wounds .
The problem , of course , is that no country can be productive enough to reinvest 50 % of GDP in new capital stock without eventually facing immense overcapacity and a staggering non-performing loan problem .
The official approach , Plan A , has been to pretend that these economies suffer a liquidity crunch , not a solvency problem , and that the provision of bailout loans -- together with fiscal austerity and structural reforms -- can restore debt sustainability and market access .
The only institution that can crank up the printing press -- the European Central Bank -- will never resort to monetization of fiscal deficits .
Nor can we expect rapid GDP growth to save these countries .
The private sector can spend less and save more , but this would entail an immediate cost known as Keynes ' paradox of thrift : declining economic output and rising debt as a share of GDP .
One can carry out an orderly rescheduling of the PIIGS ' public debts without actually reducing the principal amount owed . This means extending the maturity dates of debts and reducing the interest rate on the new debt to levels much lower than currently unsustainable market rates .
Europe can not afford to continue throwing money at the problem and praying that growth and time will bring salvation .
The housing recession -- the worst in US history and worsening every day -- will eventually see house prices fall by more than 20 % , with millions of Americans losing their homes .
After all , who wants to build offices , stores , and shopping centers in the empty ghost towns that litter the American West ?
We can also add to these financial risks the massive problems of bond insurers that guaranteed many of the risky securitization products such as CDOs .
In that case , there will also be a serious risk that some firms that sold protection will go bankrupt , triggering further losses for buyers of protection when their counterparties can not pay .
But how can debt relief be achieved for the sovereign without imposing massive losses on Greek banks and foreign banks holding Greek bonds ?
The ECB and creditor banks can live for two or three weeks with a temporary downgrade of Greece 's debt .
The eurozone should also pursue a policy -- partially via looser monetary policy -- that weakens the value of the euro significantly and restores the periphery 's competitiveness .
The eurozone 's current muddle-through approach is an unstable disequilibrium : kicking the can down the road , and throwing good money after bad , will not work .
Only a comprehensive strategy can rescue the eurozone now .
Currency depreciation is not a feasible option for all advanced economies : they all need a weaker currency and better trade balance to restore growth , but they all can not have it at the same time .
So , although the process of deleveraging has barely started , debt reductions will become necessary if countries can not grow or save or inflate themselves out of their debt problems .
The risks of an economic and financial crisis even worse than the previous one -- now involving not just the private sector , but also near-insolvent sovereigns -- are significant .
So , what can be done to minimize the fallout of another economic contraction and prevent a deeper depression and financial meltdown ?
Second , while monetary policy has limited impact when the problems are excessive debt and insolvency rather than illiquidity , credit easing , rather than just quantitative easing , can be helpful .
Fifth , debt burdens that can not be eased by growth , savings , or inflation must be rendered sustainable through orderly debt restructuring , debt reduction , and conversion of debt into equity . This needs to be carried out for insolvent governments , households , and financial institutions alike .
Sixth , even if Greece and other peripheral eurozone countries are given significant debt relief , economic growth will not resume until competitiveness is restored .
And , without a rapid return to growth , more defaults -- and social turmoil -- can not be avoided .
Because these options can not work , the sole alternative is an exit from the eurozone by Greece and some other current members .
Only a return to a national currency -- and a sharp depreciation of that currency -- can restore competitiveness and growth .
Only such a program can provide workers in advanced economies with the tools needed to compete globally .
The International Monetary Fund and the World Bank can serve as lender of last resort to emerging markets at risk of losing market access , conditional on appropriate policy reforms .
Of course , the malaise that so many people feel can not be reduced to one factor .
As he argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over-capacity , under-consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset-price booms and busts .
This implies significant easing of monetary policy by the European Central Bank ; provision of unlimited lender-of-last-resort support to illiquid but potentially solvent economies ; a sharp depreciation of the euro , which would turn current-account deficits into surpluses ; and fiscal stimulus in the core if the periphery is forced into austerity .
American consumers are shopped-out , saving-less , debt-burdened -LRB- 136 % of income , on average -RRB- , and buffeted by many negative shocks .
And , given the rising risk of a global systemic financial meltdown , the prospect of a decade-long L-shaped recession -- like the one experienced by Japan after the collapse of its real estate and equity bubble -- can not be ruled out .
So we can not rule out a systemic failure and global depression .
Deflation is dangerous as it leads to a liquidity trap : nominal policy rates can not fall below zero , so monetary policy becomes ineffective .
Equity prices and other risky assets have fallen sharply from their peaks of late 2007 , but there are still significant downside risks .
Only aggressive , coordinated , and effective policy actions by advanced and emerging-market countries can ensure that the global economy recovers in 2010 , rather than entering a more protracted period of economic stagnation .
The Resistible Rise of Hindu Fascism In the 1930s , Hitler rose to power as the world focussed on Mussolini 's African wars and Japan 's invasion of China .
Fascism can be defeated only if those outraged by it commit themselves to social justice with an intensity that equals their indignation .
The Organization of American States and the Atlanta-based Carter Center , named for former US President Jimmy Carter , have been active in facilitating the process .
It is to be hoped that similar external cooperation can ensure that the mid-August poll is conducted fairly , so that the results reflect the will of Venezuelan voters .
Anti-Americanism could also rally support to his side .
For its part , the opposition still lacks clear leadership and a single leader who can offer a clear alternative to Chávez and mobilize voters .
There , democratically elected President Jean-Bertrand Aristide was thrown out under visible American pressure , but his departure failed to reinvigorate the economy or end civil strife .
Nor can the risk of violent clashes between pro- and anti-Chávez forces be ruled out .
Whichever way the vote goes , Venezuela will have shown the region that democracy can work , which is a milestone in a Latin America too often shaken in the recent past by military coups , foreign intervention , and civil wars .
Viewed from the standpoint of food security and the wealth of rural areas , there is now an urgent need to revisit the CAP 's main instruments so that a new policy formula can be introduced .
But renewal of this sort can not be left to global market forces , as the results might not necessarily benefit European agriculture and society .
4 . Metropolitan agriculture in a rapidly urbanizing world can provide high-quality produce on small amounts of land .
Perhaps of greatest concern , moreover , is that the public , especially in poor countries that can not undertake offsetting measures , will come to distrust global integration , with multinationals viewed as Trojan horses .
There is little dialogue about how industrial country issuances can be staggered to minimize the impact on global markets , and what alternatives can be developed for countries that are shut out .
The United Nations is too large to serve this purpose , and the most obvious candidate for the group , the G-20 , is not representative .
This means that the coalition can not do whatever it wishes with Saddam 's henchmen and war criminals .
It can not simply ship them to Guantanamo Bay or Diego Garcia .
Only the UN can meet the demand for transitional justice .
The pro-Milosevic candidate , Tomislav Nikolic , lost , but he received 46 % of the vote .
As in many parts of the world , it may be several generations before the region 's crimes can be worked through .
What can such a verdict mean so many years after the restoration of democracy in Argentina ?
Prosecuting Videla and other perpetrators was made possible by path-breaking case law undertaken by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights .
It has held that accountability for the crimes of the dictators is a human right -- and thus trumps the impunity gained by many Latin American dictators as a condition of allowing democratic transitions .
Making the police and the security services accountable can be a particularly tall order in the early years of a new and often fragile democratic regime .
They should never be confident that they can live scot-free .
Senior American officials , including Paul Wolfowitz , later President of the World Bank , argued that the Iraqi people should not be saddled with obligations that the dictator contracted in order to enrich himself and oppress his subjects .
But all debt that was contracted by a previous oppressive regime can not , for that reason alone , be classified as `` odious . '' The question is this : how much of the money went to meritorious development projects , and how much went instead to prop up the regime and line its leaders ' pockets ?
This responsibility can not be absolute or unlimited , however , and should be confined to situations where lenders were aware -LRB- or should have been aware -RRB- that the funds might be used for corrupt or oppressive ends .
Likewise , Tunisia 's foreign borrowing increased significantly in recent years , even as perceived corruption , as measured by Transparency International , worsened significantly .
But the case for debt cancellation is fundamentally about transitional justice .
Obama can count on at least some bipartisan support at home for the initiative against Kony : a bill requiring US action against the LRA was signed into law in May 2010 , with support from Democrats and Republicans in both houses of Congress .
Whereas the airstrikes in Libya were mandated to protect civilians from imminent attack , in Kony 's case the sole stated operational objective is his removal from the battlefield , so that he can be brought to justice at the International Criminal Court in The Hague .
Such a conception of national interest can rely only on full acceptance of the UN 's `` responsibility to protect '' doctrine , approved unanimously by the General Assembly in 2005 .
Evidently , American policymakers are increasingly receptive to the potential of international criminal justice to undergird the terms of a new form of global engagement .
There are few countries that can play such a critical role .
Turkey can not remain indifferent to this geography , for it stands at the center of it .
Turkey 's ever-increasing soft power is becoming one of its most significant traits , which we will continue to use to enhance regional and global peace .
Since there is no precedent for a party referendum , he can argue that the vote does not bind him .
So while some members may walk out , Sharon can easily hold on to control of the party .
If it appears that the withdrawal will proceed and Sharon can assemble a government to implement it , the Palestinian side will then face a major challenge .
By trying to do too much -- or believing that one can achieve more than is possible -- the result can be failure and certainly will be disappointment .
In this case , the mistake is to think that Israel can destroy Hezbollah or eliminate it as a political and military entity .
But what is to a large extent a defeat in practical and military terms also can be considered a political victory .
More than this can not -- and should not -- be expected .
Fatah 's defeat in Gaza is not due to American foreign policy , Israel , or anyone but Fatah itself .
Competing Fatah candidates split the vote , ensuring that Hamas nominees won .
The world can not save Fatah ; only Fatah can save itself .
Only two other parties -- the Republican People 's Party -LRB- CHP -RRB- with 21 % and the National Movement Party -LRB- MHP -RRB- with 14 % -- surpassed the 10 % threshold for representation in parliament .
Still , the AKP can be satisfied that after five years in office its popular support has climbed , while the opposition has been shown to be incapable of challenging it seriously .
Equally significant was the development in the old Islamic party of talented leaders that wanted to break with its backward-looking ways and extremist image .
Moreover , it might be that the party will push as far as it can until it is stopped by fear of a military coup or a rejection of its program by the voters .
That leads to the second question : how far can the AKP go in changing Turkish society ?
Given that the government can change laws , name judges , and staff the state administration , Turkey 's slide to another political model could reach a point of no return .
Whether his successors can revive and complete the Palestinians ' historic mission depends on how they define their goal .
The moderate strategy seeks an independent Palestine state as quickly as possible , on the assumption that once there is no more Israeli presence or violence , the Palestinians can concentrate on constructive pursuits , including resettling refugees and improving living standards .
Then , with Palestinians gaining the upper hand , they can advance to a second stage in which all of Israel is conquered , implying armed struggle - which often takes the form of anti-civilian terrorism - for many more years .
The victorious coalition follows Ayatollah Ali Sistani , who can be described as a moderate Islamist , but many of its members are extreme .
In short , Sharon was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
At the same time , the main alternative candidates on the left and right have positioned themselves too far toward the extremes to recapture the center easily .
No one believes that Palestinian leader Abu Mazin can or will do anything to stop such attacks .
The good news is that Israel can defend itself with relatively low casualties , its economy is improving , and tourism is recovering .
They have merely concluded that politics will not bring miracles , and that the most they can expect is to keep external threats to a minimum .
Egypt 's political elite , fearful of critical media coverage , defeat in fair elections , and even imprisonment , prefer the existing regime and oppose any significant reform .
As long as the system is corrupted from above , and as long as the only way common people can deal with the government is through bribery , says the report , inefficiency will reign and people will cheat each other . The only way to break this vicious circle is to replace the regime .
They can also , it adds , obtain unsecured bank loans for themselves and their friends .
Anyone who stands in their way , according to the report , can be thrown into prison on false charges of drug dealing .
In short , the report says , officials can do what they like , unbound by law or transparency .
A time-out needs to be called so that the players , including President-elect Barack Obama , can negotiate a new bargain for the region .
Building up Afghanistan 's security forces is at most a stopgap measure , as the country can not sustain forces of the size that it now needs .
Only a regional and global agreement to place Afghanistan 's stability above other objectives can make long-term stability possible by enabling Afghanistan to survive with security forces that it can afford . Such agreement , however , will require political and diplomatic initiatives both inside and outside of the country .
But a political settlement within Afghanistan can not succeed without a regional grand bargain .
The Pakistani security establishment believes that it faces a US-Indian-Afghan alliance aimed at undermining Pakistani influence in Afghanistan and even dismembering the Pakistani state . Civilian leaders evaluate Pakistan 's national interests differently , but they , too , can not be indifferent to Pakistan 's chronic sense of insecurity .
Every outstanding American international macroeconomist who went to MIT , among them Jeffrey Frankel , Paul Krugman , Maurice Obstfeld and Ken Rogoff , was Rudi 's student .
Outstanding students of Rudi can be found all over the globe , many as policymakers .
He fought his terminal cancer for over 18 months , never complaining , always expressing optimism that the latest experimental treatment would work .
Japanese interest rates have been close to zero for many years -- significantly lower than those in most other economies , especially in the pre-crisis period .
Last month , we observed the third anniversary of the day that awakened America to a new world , when extremists killed thousands of innocent people on American soil .
There were even instances where American citizens saw their own government challenged as being warmongers or aggressors .
That lesson has had to be relearned throughout the ages : the lesson that weakness is provocative , that a refusal to confront gathering dangers can increase , not reduce , future peril , and that victory ultimately comes only to those who are purposeful and steadfast .
His network was dispersed throughout the world and had been attacking American interests for years .
Saddam was attempting regularly to kill American and British aircrews enforcing the no-fly zones .
But the enemy can not win militarily .
They know that if they can win the battle of perception , we will lose our will and leave .
We can do it knowing that the great sweep of human history is for freedom - and that it is on our side .
As a former ambassador to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization -LRB- NATO -RRB- , I can say from experience that such dire predictions are nothing new .
The arrests of numerous terrorist suspects last month by French and German authorities made clear that no one nation can do the critical work necessary to win the struggle against extremists .
Nor can any one nation stop the proliferation of dangerous weapons .
In 2003 , German , Italian , British , and American authorities confiscated nuclear equipment bound for Tripoli , leading to Libya 's decision to open its weapons inventories to inspectors .
Working together , those hopes can become realities for many more people .
They know that communications transcend borders , and that a single news story , handled skillfully , can be as damaging to our cause -- and as helpful to theirs -- as any military attack .
That false story incited deadly anti-American riots in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
We need to consider the possibility of new organizations and programs that can serve a similarly valuable role in the War on Terror .
I mention the importance of these military-to-military relationships because the US in this new century is undergoing a significant transformation of its military arrangements and partnerships around the globe -- necessary adjustments based on the new realities , and new threats , that have emerged since the end of the Cold War .
Like Americans and others around the world , they are threatened by violent extremism .
But Europe 's new eastern members can also act as a beacon for the Union , as Jacques Rupnik suggests .
It is often argued that Continental Europe 's social and economic model , which seeks to combine competitiveness with solidarity , is the glue that binds the European Union together , as well as distinguishing Europe from the American -LRB- or Anglo-Saxon -RRB- free-market model .
Clearly , Europe 's answer to globalization is that certain spheres of social life-say , healthcare , education , the environment , or culture-cannot be left to the whip of the market .
But this can be accomplished only if the model is reformed in the West .
According to the Pew Global Attitude survey , there is a significant degree of convergence between East-Central Europeans and West Europeans concerning the balance between the market and a state-guaranteed social safety net .
Every schoolchild learns how Galileo was forced to his knees to recant his belief that the earth revolves around the sun , or how the Church was up in arms again in 1859 , when Charles Darwin published On the Origin of Species , arguing that all living organisms , including humans , result from a long , slow process of evolution .
Darwin argued that more organisms are born than can survive and reproduce ; that this leads to a struggle for existence ; and that success in this struggle partly reflects the physical and behavioral differences between the winners and the losers .
You may not have to be a Christian in the light of Darwinism , but this does not mean that you can not be one .
But this `` historical '' Conservatism can not survive in the age of globalization , because national-conservative thinking is anachronistic .
Obviously , no modern Conservative philosophy can thrive by identifying itself with nationalism and protectionist policies .
Yet , in many African countries , HIV\/AIDS is not at the top of the national agenda .
Ministers of Health continue to discuss the threat of HIV\/AIDS in the same breath with cancer , diabetes , and heart disease .
Unfortunately , even the promise of additional funding can not overcome governmental intransigence .
In one southern African country , a leadership group comprising representing the ministry of health , local non-governmental organizations , as well as multi-lateral and bi-lateral aid groups , created a proposal for the Global Fund .
It is not wild-eyed extremism to insist that every conversation with an African leader should discuss what they are doing to win the battle against HIV\/AIDS .
Ministries of health can not go it alone .
He was shot 13 times in the back of his head and dumped in a cemetery , joining a macabre roll call of Latin American reporters brutalized for daring to speak out during the 1970 's and 1980 's .
During that time , kidnapping , torture , and murder had a stranglehold over the Latin American press ; stenography was an infinitely safer choice for those reporting the news .
Latin American journalists may face a diminished threat of murder nowadays , but many still confront a gauntlet of challenges designed to control them .
Yet official US aid to Africa is only $ 3 billion per year , and much of that covers salaries for American consultants rather than investments in Africa 's needs .
Not only is US aid a tiny fraction of what it should be , but American explanations for the lack of aid are wrong .
But impoverished and slow-growing African countries like Ghana , Senegal , Mali , Benin , and Malawi are ranked as having less corruption than fast-growing Asian countries like Vietnam , Bangladesh , and Indonesia .
Indeed , America 's own Millennium Challenge Account has already recognized such African countries for their strong governance .
Rich countries should help African farmers use improved seed varieties , more fertilizer , and better water management , such as small-scale irrigation .
With increased help to African farmers to grow more food -LRB- as opposed to shipping food aid from the US -RRB- , it would be possible to double or even triple crop yields .
But , again , Africa can not afford them .
While President George W. Bush believes that he has protected Americans by `` taking the war to the enemy , '' more than 1,700 Americans have died in the Iraq war , which also has provoked terrorist attacks on US allies .
As a result , Iraqis understandably regard the American-led occupation as just another episode of outside exploitation .
Every time the US reiterates its refusal to set a deadline for withdrawal , it simply stokes political opposition , not to mention the insurgency . There are too many Iraqis ready to fight and die to oppose the American presence .
Only politics , not arms , can calm the scene .
Vietnamese deaths and casualties outnumbered American deaths and casualties by perhaps 20 to one , but the US still could not subdue the nationalist adversary that they faced .
The US could bomb Vietnam 's cities to rubble , as it can Iraq 's cities , but this solves nothing , claims vast numbers of innocent lives , and confirms the view of Americans as occupiers .
American foreign policy doctrine states that US national security rests on three pillars : defense , diplomacy , and development .
If the US would pursue politics rather than war , it would understand that more development spending and a commercial approach to Asia , Africa , and the Middle East , rather than the current military approach , would best serve American interests .
The American military can protect the US from conventional military attack , and it can keep the high seas open , ensuring the flow of oil and other vital commodities .
For that , Americans need to be smarter , investing in peaceful development rather than military bases in long-abused lands .
After that , it can and should use its political and economic weight to help manage a complex and difficult situation that is significantly , though not exclusively , of its own making .
America 's sway in Iraq will be limited , but leaving now would actually make it more effective than it is now , and at much less cost in terms of money and American , allied , and Iraqi lives .
Millions die each year , either of outright starvation or from infectious diseases that their weakened bodies can not withstand .
The most shocking statement in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina was President George W. Bush 's remark that `` I do n't think anybody anticipated the breach of the levees '' that protect New Orleans from flooding .
Concern that the levees might break in the midst of a powerful hurricane was widespread among scientists , engineers , and emergency-preparedness experts .
Yet Bush apparently did not know of these concerns , even days after the hurricane destroyed the levees and flooded the city .
There is a simple fact on display here , one that goes well beyond this particular hurricane , and even this particular president .
There is a deep disconnect in American politics between scientific knowledge and political decisions .
While there is no scientific way to link a particular hurricane such as Katrina to the long-term trend -- in the sense that Katrina might have been bad luck rather than a sign of manmade climate change -- the energy of hurricanes throughout the world has been rising markedly .
He called for delays in reducing greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming , which in turn causes the energy of hurricanes to rise .
According to the underlying science that Bush ignores , hurricanes take their energy from the warmth of seawater .
That is why hurricanes occur in hot tropical regions , and at the end of the summer months , when the sea surface temperatures are at their annual maximum .
Hurricanes are measured according to three dimensions : frequency , intensity , and duration .
The frequency of hurricanes has not changed much , if at all .
The big changes are in hurricanes ' intensity and duration .
Intensity measures a hurricane 's force , which includes wind speeds , and there has been some recorded increase .
The biggest change , however , has been in the duration of hurricanes : how many days each hurricane lasts .
The total energy of a hurricane is found by multiplying the intensity of the hurricane by its duration .
This can be done by changing the world 's energy system to limit emissions of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere -- the main driver of manmade climate change .
This means preparing for hurricanes that are more powerful in both intensity and duration .
An attentive national government would surely have realized that the Gulf region of the United States is more vulnerable to high-energy hurricanes .
Indeed , Hurricane Katrina was the third most intense hurricane ever to make landfall in the US .
Hurricane Katrina is a wakeup call , not only for the US but for the world .
The Pakistan earthquake continues a streak of shocking natural disasters during the past year : the Indian Ocean tsunami , killer droughts in Niger and other countries in Africa , Hurricanes Katrina and Rita , Central American mudslides , and Portugal 's wildfires .
Both the number and strength of hurricanes are most likely increasing as a result of rising sea-surface temperatures caused by man-made global warming .
Earth is set to warm further in the decades ahead , bringing more and bigger fires , mudslides , heat waves , droughts , and powerful hurricanes .
After Hurricane Katrina hit the United States , we discovered that President Bush had appointed a crony rather than a professional as head of America 's emergency relief agency .
The public is largely unaware of the scientific knowledge we have concerning the threats and risks that we face , and that we can reduce these risks by thinking ahead .
We can build a safer future , but only if we are prepared to use our scientific knowledge and expertise for the common good .
The US currently is witnessing several corruption scandals .
When hurricane Katrina struck America 's Gulf Coast , that incompetence proved fatal .
All societies require an effective government that can provide vital and irreplaceable public services and infrastructure .
Elections are obviously one method , though campaign financing can be a source of corruption .
Clear electoral rules and procedures can help ensure transparency , but accountability also comes from the broad society in between elections .
The result is a trap in which poverty causes bad governance and bad governance causes poverty -- a two-way spiral downward that can lead to such extreme deprivation that the government , lacking computers , telephones , information systems , and trained civil servants , could n't function honestly even if it wanted to .
The end result can be collapse into a kind of anarchy , as in Liberia , Sierra Leone , and Somalia .
In the 2005 rankings , Iceland scored as the least corrupt country , with the Scandinavian countries , New Zealand , and Singapore close behind .
First , Sub-Saharan African countries are less corrupt on average than countries at the same income level in other parts of the world .
Corruption therefore can not be the unique factor that holds Africa back .
In general , natural resources like oil , gas , diamonds , and other precious minerals breed corruption , because governments can live off of their export earnings without having to `` compromise '' with their own societies .
Of course , aid should be directed to specific needs -- for example , malaria control , food production , safe drinking water , and sanitation -- whose fulfillment can be measured and monitored to resist corruption .
Nationalism continues to produce powerful political `` antibodies '' to American and European meddling in other countries ' internal affairs .
Later , if it behaves badly by sponsoring terror , policies can change .
The US preaches `` good governance '' in the shadow of an unprovoked war , congressional bribery scandals , and windfalls for politically connected companies like Halliburton .
But realism in international economic affairs requires accepting that official development assistance can help achieve the broad political objectives of stability and democracy only in the long run .
As such , it must be reliable , predictable , and directed towards development needs in ways that can be monitored , measured , and evaluated .
If development aid can be directed to real needs , then it should be given to poor and unstable countries , knowing that it will save lives , improve economic performance , and thus also improve the long-term prospects for democracy and good governance .
These are vital questions , but they miss the larger significance of the rise of someone like Morales , for he is Bolivia 's first indigenous elected head of state .
His victory marks a step forward in Latin America 's overall democratization , with positive long-term significance for economic and social development in the region .
The Europeans then brought millions of African slaves to the Americas .
After emancipation in the nineteenth century , the African-American communities remained impoverished and largely bereft of political rights .
Indigenous , African-American , and mestizo -LRB- mixed -RRB- communities have been fighting for their social , political , and economic rights ever since .
Even in the US , a country that fancies itself as a model of democracy , African-Americans were not truly enfranchised until the mid-1960 's .
In Latin America , democracy has similarly been incomplete , unstable , and often inaccessible to indigenous , African-American , and mixed populations .
This can now change , at least gradually .
But the debate can be moved forward by examining the successful economies of Denmark , Finland , Iceland , the Netherlands , Norway , and Sweden .
American conservatives argue that a large public sector is subject to inefficiency and mismanagement , corruption , and bureaucratic abuse , while the taxation needed to support it blunts economic efficiency .
Ironically , the heavy reliance on the private sector in the US system is so inefficient that Americans pay a larger share of GNP for health -LRB- 14 % -RRB- than do the Nordic countries -LRB- 11 % -RRB- , but get less .
These same lessons can be applied to the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDG 's -RRB- , the targets for fighting poverty , disease , and hunger that the world 's governments adopted in 2000 .
Just as with polio , the fight against hunger , disease , and lack of access to safe water and sanitation can be carried forward with practical and powerful technologies . Indeed , these technologies are so powerful that they can enable families currently trapped in poverty to escape it once and for all .
If organizations like Rotary International can help African farmers to get a 50 kilogram bag of appropriate fertilizer and a 10 kilogram tin of improved seeds , the rise in farm output could be enough to relieve extreme hunger and help farm households begin to earn some income .
Such practical approaches can solve many of the key problems of extreme poverty .
Consider , similarly , the death and illness caused by malaria , which can be reduced very sharply through the use of mosquito nets for beds and anti-malaria medicines .
An anti-malaria bed net costs just $ 5 , lasts five years , and can accommodate two children .
Thus , for just $ 0.50 per year , each child can be protected by a bed net . And a $ 1 medical treatment can cure malaria if the child gets infected despite the bed net .
Fortunately , the American Red Cross and other organizations have been following the Rotary model , using private donations and private volunteers to fill the gap left by our political leaders .
In a short period of time , the world 's citizens can make deep inroads in the fight against disease , hunger , and poverty .
Such a deal can be struck now , but only by avoiding the useless debate over who blocked peace in the past .
There can be little doubt that the current war in Iraq is fundamentally about oil .
These factors , together with the obvious failings of many Middle Eastern governments , have fueled the surge of fundamentalism among Muslims , American Christians , and some Israeli Jews that has now boiled over to rampant extremism , terror , and messianic visions of good versus evil .
The war party appears to be trying to whip up American public opinion in support of a wider conflict .
Political operatives may also judge that an increased sense of danger and insecurity will tilt votes to the Republicans in the US congressional elections in November .
American newspapers need to publish op-ed pieces not only by Americans `` interpreting '' the Middle East , but also by representative thinkers from the Middle East itself .
The overthrow of Saddam was the longstanding pet idea of the neoconservative Project for a New American Century , which was already arguing in the 1990 's that Saddam was likely to achieve a stranglehold over `` a significant proportion of the world 's oil supplies . ''
Yet all of these problems can be solved , especially if we make the needed investments in research and development .
Gasification of coal allows for the removal of dangerous pollutants , and coal can already be converted to gasoline at low cost ; a South African company is beginning to bring that technology to China on a large scale .
It is ironic that an administration fixated on the risks of Middle East oil has chosen to spend hundreds of billions -- potentially trillions -- of dollars to pursue unsuccessful military approaches to problems that can and should be solved at vastly lower cost , through R&D , regulation , and market incentives .
In fact , from 1992 to 2002 , the UN 's member governments signed a number of treaties and agreements that can and should provide the foundation for long-term global solutions .
Despite a global pledge to reduce significantly the loss of biological diversity by 2010 , huge areas of rainforest and oceans continue to be destroyed .
Behind the scenes , the Asian powers can help to defuse the crises in Darfur , North Korea , Myanmar , and elsewhere .
Stability will come only when economic opportunities exist , when a bulging generation of young men can find jobs and support families , rather than seeking their fortune in violence .
Peace can be achieved only with a withdrawal of foreign troops , and the arrival of jobs , productive farms and factories , tourism , health care , and schools .
In the fourth phase , which can last a generation or more , assistance is directed to long-term investments and the strengthening of institutions such as courts .
When such aid is made available quickly , former soldiers will return to their farms , and can establish a livelihood by the beginning of the first growing season following the end of hostilities .
Small rural clinics can be built or rebuilt very quickly , within the first year of peace .
Solar panels and wind turbines can provide off-grid power in isolated rural areas . Wells and cisterns can be put in place to ensure safe drinking water .
These and similar efforts can mean the difference between famine and food security , epidemic disease and health , income and utter poverty , and , most importantly , hope and despair .
Sanctions , threats , and peacekeepers are only short-term measures , whereas real progress there against extreme poverty is not only achievable , but also is something that the government and rebels can agree on .
Only by taking quick , meaningful action to fight hunger , poverty , and disease can there be a chance of creating conditions for long-term peace .
Hurricane Katrina made the US public aware that global warming would likely raise the intensity of destructive storms .
But the world 's scientists and engineers , as well as global technology leaders such as General Electric , are also sending a clear message : we can solve the problem at modest cost if we put our best thinking and action into real solutions .
By shifting to alternative energy sources , economizing on energy use , and capturing and safely storing the carbon dioxide produced by fossil fuels , global society can limit its emissions of carbon dioxide to prudent levels at an estimated cost of under 1 % of global income .
Those incentives will come at modest cost and huge benefit , and they can be designed to protect the poor and shift the climate-change burden to those who can afford it .
Our intense desire to take all that we can from nature leaves precious little for other forms of life .
In 2002 , the treaty 's signatories went further , committing to `` a significant reduction in the current rate of biodiversity loss '' by 2010 .
Complex and unique ecologies , most notably underground volcanoes known as seamounts , are ripped to shreds , because bottom trawling is the `` low cost '' way to catch a few deep sea fish species .
After cutting down a swath of rainforest , soils are often quickly leached of their nutrients so that they can not sustain crops or nutritious grasses for livestock .
There can be little doubt that climate change poses one of the greatest risks to species ' viability .
Some can migrate , but others -LRB- such as polar bears -RRB- are likely to be driven to extinction unless we take decisive action to head off climate change .
For the first year after the Gleneagles meeting , aid numbers were padded by misleading accounting on debt cancellation operations .
With those debt cancellation operations largely completed , the data are now revealing the stark truth : development aid to Africa and to poor countries more generally is stagnant , contrary to all the promises that were made .
Specifically , between 2005 and 2006 , overall aid to Africa , excluding debt cancellation operations , increased by a meager 2 % .
Even the World Bank , which usually takes the donors ' point of view , recently acknowledged that except for debt cancellation , `` promises of scaled up aid have not been delivered . ''
That way , cynics within the G-8 governments can understand their assignments .
Finally , recipient countries need to be informed about the year-to-year increases in aid that they can expect , so that they can plan ahead . The increased aid should be directed at building roads , power grids , schools , and clinics , and at training teachers , doctors , and community health workers .
All of that investment requires plans and years of implementation . Aid can not be a guessing game .
It must be committed in clear terms over a period of several years , so that recipients can use it in a sensible and accountable manner .
African countries have already identified their high-priority investments in health , education , agriculture , and infrastructure -LRB- including roads , power , and internet connectivity -RRB- .
At the same time , while the Wolfowitz scandal unfolded , China was playing host to the Africa Development Bank -LRB- ADB -RRB- , which held its Board meeting in Shanghai .
I had the chance to participate in high-level meetings between Chinese and African officials at the ADB meetings .
The advice that the African leaders received from their Chinese counterparts was sound , and much more practical than they typically get from the World Bank .
Two other critical investments are also needed : roads and electricity , without which there can not be a modern economy .
Of course , the African leaders were most appreciative of the next message : China is prepared to help Africa in substantial ways in agriculture , roads , power , health , and education .
And the African leaders already know that this is not an empty boast .
During the meeting , the Chinese leaders emphasized their readiness to support agricultural research as well . They described new high-yield rice varieties , which they are prepared to share with their African counterparts .
The Bank can regain its relevance only if it becomes practical once again , by returning its focus to financing public investments in priority sectors , just as the Chinese leadership is prepared to do .
The good news is that African governments are getting the message on how to spur economic growth , and are also getting crucial help from China and other partners that are less wedded to extreme free-market ideology than the World Bank .
Many African governments at the Shanghai meeting declared their intention to act boldly , by investing in infrastructure , agricultural modernization , public health , and education .
If that happens , the Bank can still do justice to the bold vision of a world of shared prosperity that prompted its creation after World War II .
The Palestine Follies American foreign policy in the Middle East experienced yet another major setback this month , when Hamas , whose Palestinian government the United States had tried to isolate , routed the rival Fatah movement in Gaza .
The roots of failure lie in the US and Israeli governments ' belief that military force and financial repression can lead to peace on their terms , rather than accepting a compromise on terms that the Middle East , the rest of the world , and , crucially , most Israelis and Palestinians , accepted long ago .
This is the hubris of believing that brute force and threats , rather than actual negotiation , can yield solutions .
Israel has said that it will squeeze Gaza still further , as if the population can be crushed into submission .
This may sound like a technical report on Sudan 's environment , but it is much more . It is a vivid study of how the natural environment , poverty , and population growth can interact to provoke terrible human-made disasters like the violence in Darfur .
By understanding the role of geography , climate , and population growth in the conflict , we can find more realistic solutions than if we stick with politics alone .
While international diplomacy focused on peacekeeping and on humanitarian efforts to save the lives of displaced and desperate people , peace in Darfur can be neither achieved nor sustained until the underlying crises of poverty , environmental degradation , declining access to water , and chronic hunger are addressed .
Only with improved access to food , water , health care , schools , and income-generating livelihoods can peace be achieved .
Both people and livestock need assured water supplies . In some areas , this can be obtained through boreholes that tap underground aquifers .
In other areas , rivers or seasonal surface runoff can be used for irrigation .
Living standards could be improved significantly and rapidly through low-cost targeted investments in malaria control , school feeding programs , rainwater harvesting for drinking water , mobile health clinics , and boreholes for livestock and irrigation in appropriate locations .
The Healthier Poor Life expectancy in the world 's high-income countries is now 78 years , while it is only 51 years in the least-developed countries , and as low as 40 years in some AIDS-ridden African countries .
But a growing number of programs around the world are proving that the death and illness of the poor can be reduced sharply and rapidly with targeted investments in public health programs .
Malaria can be brought under decisive control through bed nets , indoor spraying of insecticides , and making medicines freely available to poor people in malaria-prone villages .
No lone scientist or national team can do this .
The second message is that such a global process linking scientists and governments in a common effort is vital , because without it the airwaves can get clogged with the ignorance and misinformation peddled by special interest groups .
The IPCC proved that science can contribute powerfully to meeting these challenges , and that scientists and policymakers can work together to help solve problems of critical importance for humanity .
All of these problems can be solved only through long-term sustainable economic development .
None of these military actions addresses the problems that led to conflict in the first place . On the contrary , American policies typically inflame the situation rather than solve it .
A more peaceful world will be possible only when Americans and others begin to see things through the eyes of their supposed enemies , and realize that today 's conflicts , having resulted from desperation and despair , can be solved through economic development rather than war .
Likewise , the unwillingness of major developing countries such as China and India to sign on to a plan also seems to be ending , though considerable work remains to craft a global agreement to which both rich and poor countries can agree .
The great question , of course , is whether stabilization of greenhouse gases , continued economic development , and adaptation to climate change can be achieved simultaneously .
Such emissions can be eliminated by either shifting to renewable forms of energy or reducing the emissions from fossil fuels .
For example , power plants can adopt solar energy or capture and safely dispose of the carbon dioxide they produce with fossil fuels -- as can large factories .
Automobiles can be engineered for much greater mileage through hybrid technology combining battery power and gasoline .
Buildings can reduce their heating needs through improved insulation , or by converting from heating oil to electricity produced by clean technology .
In other words , the world can combine economic growth with declining emissions of carbon dioxide .
American foreign policy in Africa is in the hands of Assistant Secretary of State Jendayi Frazer , a former student of Secretary of State Condeleezza Rice .
Still , the international community can play a more constructive role than it has until now by pressing both sides to accept an independent recount .
In dismissing such a recount , Frazer told Kenyans that they should n't expect their vote to be tallied accurately , and that power can be seized or perhaps even negotiated in a backroom .
We are less accustomed to thinking of global cooperation to promote new technologies , such as clean energy , a malaria vaccine , or drought-resistant crops to help poor African farmers .
We can harness safe nuclear energy , lower the cost of solar power , or capture and safely store the CO2 produced from burning fossil fuels .
Successful technological breakthroughs can provide stunning benefits for humanity .
The damage to the rest of the world economy , I believe , can remain limited .
Yet global supplies of oil , natural gas , and coal can not easily keep up , even with new discoveries .
Coal is in somewhat larger supply , and can be turned into liquid fuels for transport .
This means that even a small part of the earth 's land surface , notably in desert regions , which receive massive solar radiation , can supply large amounts of the electricity for much of the rest of the world .
But many poor countries can grow more food themselves , because their farmers are producing far below what is technologically possible .
If farmers can be helped to obtain simple technologies , income can rise , and they can accumulate bank balances and collateral .
With a bit of temporary help , perhaps lasting around five years , farmers can build up enough wealth to obtain inputs on a market basis , either through direct purchases from savings or through bank loans .
Many free-market ideologues ridicule the idea that natural resource constraints will now cause a significant slowdown in global growth .
First , history has already shown how resource constraints can hinder global economic growth .
With new investments in research and development , still further improvements in technologies can be achieved .
The world needs global solutions for global problems , but the G-8 leaders clearly can not provide them .
The first is the incoherence of American leadership .
The hunger crisis can be overcome in poor countries if they get help to grow more food .
The global energy and climate crises can be overcome if the world invests together to develop new energy technologies .
Diseases such as malaria can be overcome through globally coordinated investments in disease control .
The oceans , rainforests , and air can be kept safe through pooled investments in environmental protection .
The other G-8 leaders presumably can see that their own unpopularity at home is strongly related to high food and energy prices , and an increasingly unstable global climate and global economy , none of which they can address on their own .
The American Anti-Intellectual Threat
The American Anti-Intellectual Threat NEW YORK -- In recent years , the United States has been more a source of global instability than a source of global problem-solving .
While many factors contributed to America 's destabilizing actions , a powerful one is anti-intellectualism , exemplified recently by Republican vice-presidential nominee Sarah Palin 's surging popularity .
In the US , however , the attitudes of President Bush , leading Republicans , and now Sarah Palin , have been the opposite of scientific .
They reflect the fact that a significant portion of American society , which currently votes mainly Republican , rejects or is simply unaware of basic scientific evidence regarding climate change , biological evolution , human health , and other fields .
Recent survey data by the Pew Foundation found that while 58 % of Democrats believe that human beings are causing global warming , only 28 % of Republicans do .
Similarly , a 2005 survey found that 59 % of self-professed conservative Republicans rejected any theory of evolution , while 67 % of liberal Democrats accepted some version of evolutionary theory .
After all , that kind of extremism can even lead to war , based on perverted views that a particular war is God 's will rather than a failure of politics and cooperation .
Fundamentalism seems to emerge in times of far-reaching change , when traditional social arrangements come under threat . The surge of modern American fundamentalism in politics dates to the civil rights era of the 1960 's , and at least partly reflects a backlash among whites against the growing political and economic strength of non-white and immigrant minority groups in US society .
Humanity 's only hope is that the vicious circle of extremism can be replaced by a shared global understanding of the massive challenges of climate change , food supplies , sustainable energy , water scarcity , and poverty .
That is the urgent challenge at the heart of American society today .
The challenge for policymakers is to restore enough confidence that companies can once again obtain short-term credit to meet their payrolls and finance their inventories .
The next challenge will be to push for a restoration of bank capital , so that commercial banks can once again lend for longer-term investments .
Although their households have suffered to some extent from the fall in equity prices , they not only can continue to grow , but they can also increase their internal demand to offset the decline in exports to the US .
After the confused and misguided leadership of the Bush administration , which failed to give any clear path to energy , health , climate , and financial policies , President-elect Barack Obama will have to start charting a course that defines the American economy 's future direction .
First , the US can not continue borrowing from the rest of the world as it has for the past eight years .
At a time when the major infrastructure companies of the US , Europe , and Japan will have serious excess capacity , the World Bank , the European Investment Bank , the US Export-Import Bank , the African Development Bank , and other public investment funds should be financing large-scale infrastructure spending in Africa , to build roads , power plants , ports , and telecommunications systems .
So long as the credits are long term and carry a modest interest rate -LRB- say , 25-year dollar loans at 5 % per annum -RRB- , the recipient countries could repay the loans out of the significant boost in incomes that would result over the course of a generation .
Such loans , of course , would require a major global initiative , at a time when even blue-chip companies can not borrow overnight , much less for 25 years !
Each should understand the basic directions of change that will be required at the national level and globally , and all nations must share in the deployment of new sustainable technologies and in the co-financing of global responsibilities , such as increased investments in African infrastructure .
There are countless more cases that can be mentioned .
Small-scale demonstration projects prove how success can be achieved ; the challenge then becomes taking the solutions `` to scale '' in nationwide or even worldwide programs .
Leadership is needed , within the countries in need as well as among the rich nations that can help to launch and finance the solutions .
Finally , modest amounts of money , directed at practical problem solving , can make an historic difference .
Bad news can crowd out good news , especially in times of serious financial crisis and political unrest .
Yet the good news shows that we will lose the battle against poverty and misery only if we give up , and fail to heed the intelligence and goodwill that can be mobilized today .
And perhaps next year , the United States will rejoin the global effort with a new and remarkable force , led by a young president who has rightly told Americans and the world that `` Yes , we can . ''
With Spain 's leadership and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon 's partnership , several donor governments are proposing to pool their financial resources so that the world 's poorest farmers can grow more food and escape the poverty trap .
The benefits of some donor help can be remarkable .
African farmers produce roughly one ton of grain per hectare , compared with more than four tons per hectare in China , where farmers use fertilizers heavily .
African farmers know that they need fertilizer ; they just ca n't afford it . With donor help , they can .
Not only do these farmers then feed their families , but they also can begin to earn market income and to save for the future .
The UN Secretary General led a steering group last year that determined that African agriculture needs around $ 8 billion per year in donor financing -- roughly four times the current total -- with a heavy emphasis on improved seeds , fertilizer , irrigation systems , and extension training .
In addition to direct help for small farms , donors should provide more help for the research and development needed to identify new high-yielding seed varieties , especially to breed plants that can withstand temporary flooding , excess nitrogen , salty soils , crop pests , and other challenges to sustainable food production .
African countries search endlessly , and mostly fruitlessly , for the small amounts of funding needed for their purchases of fertilizer and improved seeds .
We need a breakthrough that is demonstrable , public , clear , and convincing , that can mobilize the public 's hearts and minds , and that can demonstrate success .
History can be made in Madrid at the end of January , when the world 's richest and poorest countries converge to seek solutions to the global hunger crisis .
The worldwide financial bubble can not and should not be recreated .
But if the world cooperates effectively , the decline in consumer demand can be offset by a valuable increase in investment spending to address the most critical needs on the planet : sustainable energy , safe water and sanitation , a reduction of pollution , improved public health , and increased food production for the poor .
The G-20 should also increase the lending capacity of the World Bank , the African Development Bank , and other international financial institutions .
Moreover , Japan can boost its own economy and those of the poorest countries by directing its own industrial production to the infrastructure needs of the developing world .
Cooperation can turn the sharp and frightening decline in worldwide consumption spending into a global opportunity to invest more in the world 's future well being .
By directing resources away from rich countries ' consumption to developing countries ' investment needs , the world can achieve a `` triple '' victory .
More importantly , they are needed in the long term , because a world crowded with 6.8 billion people -LRB- and rising -RRB- simply can not sustain economic growth unless it adopts sustainable technologies that economize on scarce natural resources .
Governments should thus strengthen their ministries of infrastructure -LRB- including power , roads , water and sanitation , and information and communication technologies -RRB- , as well as their national development banks , so that they can properly design long-term infrastructure projects and programs .
Nevertheless , American and European economic advisers generally believe that a short sharp stimulus will be enough to restore economic growth . This is wrong .
Moreover , policymakers in the rich world believe that they can continue to neglect the developing world , or leave it to its fate in global markets .
This can be done directly on a bilateral basis , for example , through long-term loans from developed countries ' export-credit agencies .
It can also be done multilaterally , by raising the infrastructure investment flows from the World Bank and the regional development banks -LRB- including the Inter-American Development Bank , European Investment Bank , African Development Bank , and Asian Development Bank -RRB- .
The rich world somehow expects poor countries to restrict their use of fossil fuels without any significant help in financing new and sustainable sources of energy .
Governments lose their legitimacy when they can not guarantee their populations ' most basic needs : safe drinking water , staple food crops , and fodder and water for the animal herds on which communities depend for their meager livelihoods .
Lasting solutions will require partnerships between government , business , and civil society , which can be hard to negotiate and manage , since these different sectors of society often have little or no experience in dealing with each other and may mistrust each other considerably .
Peace Through Development New York -- American foreign policy has failed in recent years mainly because the United States relied on military force to address problems that demand development assistance and diplomacy .
It is easy to see how the persistence of instability in Iraq , Iranian influence , and al-Qaeda 's presence will lead American policymakers to take the `` safe '' route of continued military involvement .
The problem is that a US military response is essentially useless under these conditions , and can easily inflame the situation rather than resolve it .
How can the world most effectively develop , demonstrate , and then spread these new technologies ?
Countries are being pressed to cut emissions by 2020 by certain percentage targets , without much serious discussion about how the cuts can be achieved .
The answers depend , of course , on which low-emission technologies will be available , and on how fast they can be deployed .
Similarly , China , like the US , can reduce CO2 emissions through increased energy efficiency and a new fleet of electric vehicles .
China 's future choices depend on whether `` clean coal '' can really work effectively and on a large scale .
`` Partnerships '' of donors can become an expensive end in themselves , merely delaying real action .
The crisis can yet be an opportunity to turn from a path of financial bubbles and excessive consumption to a path of sustainable development .
There are enough good options available to suggest that the world can accomplish the goal of controlling climate change at a reasonable cost -LRB- perhaps 1 % of global income per year -RRB- while enabling the world economy to continue to grow and raise living standards .
Solar , wind , or nuclear power -- all free of CO2 emissions -- can feed the power grid that will recharge the batteries .
Not only will battery-powered vehicles draw power from the electricity grid during recharging , but , when parked , they can also feed additional power back into the grid during periods of peak demand .
The new age of the electric vehicle exemplifies the powerful opportunities that we can grasp as we make our way from the unsustainable fossil-fuel age to a new age of sustainable technologies .
Yet Burns ' vision for the automobile reminds us that the transition to sustainability can bring real breakthroughs in the quality of life .
Even now , American politics remains strongly divided over climate change -- though President Barack Obama has new opportunities to break the logjam .
The Republican Party , with its 40 Senate seats , is simply filled with too many ideologues -- and , indeed , too many senators intent on derailing any Obama initiative -- to offer enough votes to reach the 67-vote threshold .
But opponents of legislation can threaten to filibuster -LRB- speak for an indefinite period and thereby paralyze Senate business -RRB- , which can be ended only if 60 senators support bringing the legislation to a vote .
Otherwise , proposed legislation can be killed , even if it has the support of a simple majority .
Based on these factors , one analysis counts 50 likely Democratic `` Yes '' votes and 34 Republican `` No '' votes , leaving 16 votes still in play . Ten of the swing votes are Democrats , mainly from coal states ; the other six are Republicans who conceivably could vote with the president and the Democratic majority .
India , long feared to be a spoiler , has said that it is ready to adopt a significant national action plan to move towards a trajectory of sustainable energy .
Second , he can command the Environmental Protection Agency to impose administrative controls on coal plants and automobile producers even if the Congress does not pass new legislation .
Among Democrats , Obama 's approval rating in early November was 84 % , compared with just 18 % among Republicans .
Fifty-eight percent of Democrats thought the country was headed in the right direction , compared with 9 % of Republicans .
Only 18 % of Democrats supported sending 40,000 more troops to Afghanistan , while 57 % of Republicans supported a troop buildup .
In fact , a significant majority of Democrats , 60 % , favored a reduction of troops in Afghanistan , compared with just 26 % of Republicans .
On all of these questions , a middle ground of independents -LRB- neither Democrats nor Republicans -RRB- was more evenly divided .
Political divisions have widened between the rich and poor , among ethnic groups -LRB- non-Hispanic whites versus African Americans and Hispanics -RRB- , across religious affiliations , between native-born and immigrants , and along other social fault lines .
American politics has become venomous as the belief has grown , especially on the vocal far right , that government policy is a `` zero-sum '' struggle between different social groups and politics .
As a result , the US government now fails to provide adequately for basic public services such as modern infrastructure -LRB- fast rail , improved waste treatment , broadband -RRB- , renewable energy to fight climate change , decent schools , and health-care financing for those who can not afford it .
The desire of Republicans to defeat the Democrats could lead them to use every maneuver to block votes and slow legislative reforms .
To avoid further polarization and paralysis of American politics , Obama must do more to ensure that Americans understand better the urgency of the changes that he promised .
Only such changes -- including lobbying reforms -- can restore effective governance .
More than one million people are exposed to hunger and disease and , with the rain and hurricane seasons approaching , are vulnerable to further hazards .
Haiti 's economy worked badly in the past , and was still reeling from four hurricanes in 2008 when the earthquake struck .
The world 's emergency-response systems -- especially for impoverished countries in zones that are vulnerable to earthquakes , volcanoes , droughts , hurricanes , and floods -- needs upgrading .
And how can they begin to contribute to the revival of basic economic life ?
The World Food Program can help peasant farmers to produce more food in the countryside and then purchase the food to use in food-for-work programs oriented to construction projects .
Haiti , like its next-door neighbor , the Dominican Republic , once created jobs in port facilities , including production of clothing , baseballs , and other light-manufacturing items .
Other countries have risen from the rubble of natural disaster and war , and Haiti can do the same over the next five to ten years .
If experts can not agree that there is a climate crisis , why should governments spend billions of dollars to address it ?
Today 's campaigners against action on climate change are in many cases backed by the same lobbies , individuals , and organizations that sided with the tobacco industry to discredit the science linking smoking and lung cancer .
Later still , the group defended the tobacco giants against charges that second-hand smoke causes cancer and other diseases .
Suddenly , even remote schools can connect to the Internet and to other schools through a solar panel , low-cost computers , and wireless access .
A school that lacked even rudimentary supplies suddenly can have access to the same global store of information as any other place in the world .
When poor families have fewer children , they can afford to invest more per child in health , nutrition , and schooling .
Mothers can spend more time in the job market , breaking long-standing barriers of gender inequality .
That deficit , which threatens the futures of these kids and their societies , can now be closed at low cost .
Among G-8 countries , only the UK is making a bold effort to increase its overall aid budget and direct a significant portion to Africa .
Hosting this year 's G-8 summit reportedly cost Canada a fortune , despite the absence of any significant results .
This scientific understanding is incomplete , and there remain significant uncertainties about the precise magnitudes , timing , and dangers of climate change .
Instead of negotiating with vested interests in the backrooms of the White House and Congress , Obama should present a coherent plan to the American people .
Strangely , despite being a candidate of change , Obama has not taken the approach of presenting real plans of action for change .
Whether this is an intended outcome , so that Obama and his party can continue to mobilize large campaign contributions , or the result of poor decision-making is difficult to determine -- and may reflect a bit of both .
Bhutan is asking itself the question that everyone must ask : how can economic modernization be combined with cultural robustness and social well-being ?
Bhutan is also asking how economic growth can be combined with environmental sustainability -- a question that it has answered in part through a massive effort to protect the country 's vast forest cover and its unique biodiversity .
It is asking how it can preserve its traditional equality and foster its unique cultural heritage .
And it is asking how individuals can maintain their psychological stability in an era of rapid change , marked by urbanization and an onslaught of global communication in a society that had no televisions until a decade ago .
How much `` stuff '' -- fast foods , TV commercials , large cars , new gadgets , and latest fashions -- can we stuff into ourselves without deranging our own psychological well-being ?
Everybody knows how American-style hyper-consumerism can destabilize social relations and lead to aggressiveness , loneliness , greed , and over-work to the point of exhaustion .
It will be able to increase exports of clean , run-of-the-river hydropower to India , thereby earning foreign exchange in a manner that is sustainable and that can fill government coffers to fund education , health care , and infrastructure .
The Republican Party recently issued a `` Pledge to America '' to explain its beliefs and campaign promises .
A quotation by President John F. Kennedy states that high tax rates can strangle the economy , but Kennedy 's was speaking a half-century ago , when the top marginal tax rates were twice what they are today .
Most of all , the Republican platform is devoid of compassion .
American productivity is among the highest in the world .
What passes for American political debate is a contest between the parties to give bigger promises to the middle class , mainly in the form of budget-busting tax cuts at a time when the fiscal deficit is already more than 10 % of GDP .
Americans seem to believe that they have a natural right to government services without paying taxes .
In the American political lexicon , taxes are defined as a denial of liberty .
There was a time , not long ago , when Americans talked of ending poverty at home and abroad .
That means that both parties increasingly defend the interests of the rich , though Republicans do so slightly more than Democrats .
Even a modest tax increase on the rich is unlikely to find support in American politics .
The result of all of this is likely to be a long-term decline of US power and prosperity , because Americans no longer invest collectively in their common future .
American society has become increasingly harsh , where the richest Americans buy their way to political power , and the poor are abandoned to their fate .
In their private lives , Americans have become addicted to consumerism , which drains their time , savings , attention , and inclination to engage in acts of collective compassion .
The same can be said about Brazil , which learned from its own crisis in 1999 , as well as Africa and other regions .
This month 's deal between President Barack Obama and the Republicans in Congress to extend the tax cuts initiated a decade ago by President George W. Bush is being hailed as the start of a new bipartisan consensus .
I believe , instead , that it is a false truce in what will become a pitched battle for the soul of American politics .
One political party , the Republicans , stands for little except tax cuts , which they place above any other goal .
But , like the Republicans , the Democrats , too , are keen to shower tax cuts on their major campaign contributors , predominantly rich Americans .
One in eight Americans depends on Food Stamps to eat .
Amazingly , the richest 1 % of American households now has a higher net worth than the bottom 90 % .
The Republican Party 's real game is to try to lock that income and wealth advantage into place .
After all , the rich are living better than ever , while the rest of American society is suffering .
The Republicans are out to prevent that by any means .
But that is the one item most Republicans wo n't touch .
For the moment , most Americans seem to be going along with Republican arguments that it is better to close the budget deficit through spending cuts rather than tax increases .
With their backs against the wall , I predict , poor and working-class Americans will begin to agitate for social justice .
If this continues , a third party will emerge , committed to cleaning up American politics and restoring a measure of decency and fairness .
The Republicans believe that they have the upper hand and can pervert the system further in favor of the rich .
Politicians can make endless promises , but if the budget does n't add up , politics is little more than mere words .
His Republican Party opponents complained that Obama 's proposals would bust the budget .
After telling Americans how important government investment is for modern growth , he promised to freeze that spending for the next five years !
The CBO study also made clear that December 's tax-cut agreement between Obama and the Republican opposition willfully and deliberately increased the budget deficit sharply .
Obama and the Republicans agreed to continue those tax cuts for at least two years -LRB- they will now probably continue beyond that -RRB- , thereby lowering tax revenue by $ 350 billion this year and again in 2012 .
Tax cuts for the richest Americans were part of the package .
One budget area can and should be cut : military spending .
America is losing its international competitiveness , neglecting its poor -- one in five American children is trapped in poverty -- and leaving a mountain of debt to its young .
In many populous parts of the world , including the grain-growing regions of northern India , northern China , and the American Midwest , farmers are tapping into groundwater to irrigate their crops .
Only one high-income region has done a reasonably good job of preparing its youth , and its overall economy , for tough global competition : Northern Europe , including Germany and Scandinavia -LRB- Denmark , Finland , Norway , and Sweden -RRB- .
American children raised in affluence succeed in obtaining an excellent education and have good job prospects after a bachelor 's degree .
There can be no better way to use the region 's resources than to ensure that its young people 's lives are enriched by education , skills , and high-quality jobs .
NEW YORK -- In almost every part of the world , long-festering problems can be solved through closer cooperation among neighboring countries .
The European Union provides the best model for how neighbors that have long fought each other can come together for mutual benefit .
Ironically , today 's decline in American global power may lead to more effective regional cooperation .
New regional organizations , such as the African Union , look to the EU as a role model for regional problem-solving and integration .
During the Cold War , neighbors often competed with each other by `` choosing sides '' -- allying themselves with either the United States or the Soviet Union . Pakistan tilted towards the Americans ; India towards the Soviets .
Thus , when Gamal Abdel Nasser launched a call for Arab unity in the 1950 's , the US and Europe viewed him as a threat . The US undercut his call for strong Arab cooperation and nationalism , fearing a loss of American influence in the Middle East .
Today 's reality , however , is that great powers can no longer divide and conquer other regions , even if they try .
Yet when it came to US action , the most that the US could offer financially was slight debt relief for Egypt -LRB- $ 1 billion -RRB- , scant loan guarantees -LRB- $ 1 billion -RRB- , and some insurance coverage for private investments .
The days when a country could depend on large-scale American financing are over .
Egypt can supply technology , manpower , and considerable expertise for the Arab region , while the Gulf provides energy and finance , as well as some specialists .
As the EU shows , ancient enmities and battle lines can be turned into mutually beneficial cooperation if a region looks forward , to resolving its long-term needs , rather than backward , to its long-standing rivalries and conflicts .
NEW YORK -- The world can breathe easier with the reelection this month of United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to a second term in office .
It is a story of decency , commitment , and generosity that has won global confidence , and that can help to guide the world at a time of unprecedented risks and unique opportunities .
Indeed , two years ago , in a meeting with US President Barack Obama , I described the vulnerability of the African drylands .
The US and Europe are not only failing to respond to the African drought ; they have probably contributed to it through their greenhouse-gas emissions .
The Millennium Villages Project , which I have the honor of helping to lead , has demonstrated that pastoralist communities can be empowered through targeted investments in livestock management , veterinary care , business development , mobile health clinics , boarding schools , and local infrastructure such as safe water points , off-grid electricity , and mobile telephony .
Cutting-edge technologies , together with strong community leadership , can unlock long-term sustainable development .
In the United States , a large majority of Americans believe that the country is `` on the wrong track . ''
Economic progress is important and can greatly improve the quality of life , but only if it is pursued in line with other goals .
We assembled in the wake of a declaration in July by the United Nations General Assembly calling on countries to examine how national policies can promote happiness in their societies .
How can our economic life be re-ordered to recreate a sense of community , trust , and environmental sustainability ?
The mass media have become outlets for corporate `` messaging , '' much of it overtly anti-scientific , and Americans suffer from an increasing range of consumer addictions .
One-third of all Americans are now obese .
Fifth , to promote happiness , we must identify the many factors other than GNP that can raise or lower society 's well-being .
Once we understand these factors , we can act .
Climate change , infectious diseases , terrorism , and other ills that can easily cross borders demand a similar global response .
And governments should cooperate globally to regulate those parts of the economy -- notably finance and the environment -- in which problems in one country can spill over to other parts of the world .
The world 's most successful economies today are in Scandinavia .
The United States led the world into the television age , and the implications can be seen most directly in America 's long love affair with what Harlan Ellison memorably called `` the glass teat . '' In 1950 , fewer than 8 % of American households owned a TV ; by 1960 , 90 % had one .
True to form , Americans became the greatest TV watchers , which is probably still true today , even though the data are somewhat sketchy and incomplete .
The best evidence suggests that Americans watch more than five hours per day of television on average -- a staggering amount , given that several hours more are spent in front of other video-streaming devices .
In Scandinavia , for example , time spent watching TV is roughly half the US average .
The consequences for American society are profound , troubling , and a warning to the world -- though it probably comes far too late to be heeded .
Americans simply trust each other less than they did a generation ago .
Americans lead the world in obesity , with roughly two-thirds of the US population now overweight .
American politicians are now brand names , packaged like breakfast cereal .
Anybody -- and any idea -- can be sold with a bright ribbon and a catchy jingle .
This simple logic has put American politics in the hands of the rich as never before .
Even war can be rolled out as a new product .
The American Academy of Pediatrics recently warned that TV viewing by young children is dangerous for their brain development , and called on parents to keep children under two away from the TV and similar media .
Children in poor American households today not only watch more TV than children in wealthy households , but are also more likely to have a television in their room .
To be sure , the mass media can be useful as a provider of information , education , entertainment , and even political awareness .
At the very least , we can minimize those dangers .
We can all leave the TV off more hours per day and spend that time reading , talking with each other , and rebuilding the bases of personal health and social trust .
In response to this offer -LRB- and to bad publicity -RRB- , Merck , Abbott Laboratories , and Bristol Myers Squibb , three large patent-holding companies , announced that their willingness to supply the African market at `` zero profit '' -- ie , at around $ 500 per patient per year for the AIDS drugs they produce .
But how can the benefits of a global patent system that provides incentives for innovation and new discoveries be combined with an assurance that poor people gain access to the medical care that they desperately need ?
Yet poor countries -- or donors acting on behalf of the poor -- can not pay the same prices paid by rich countries .
Poor countries are , indeed , so poor that they can not afford the drugs even at the production cost of around $ 350 per patient , per year , because even these reduced prices amount to a year 's average income .
Thus , few Africans can afford AIDS treatment even when supplied by generic drug producers .
- governments in rich countries must provide substantial assistance to poor countries , so that the poor -- who are too poor to afford these drugs even at reduced prices -- can make use of them .
This fund would be aimed not only at poor countries , but at some middle income countries like South Africa where diseases like AIDS are so rampant that the volume of drugs needed to combat disease can not be purchased even at reduced prices .
With some luck , it can come to the same thing .
Exchange rates can thus assume unrealistic values for long periods or change course overnight even if underlying conditions change little .
? Financial intermediaries such as banks should be regulated to ensure that they can not gamble with their depositors ' funds ;
Readiness to talk can be effective .
It has not provided enough leadership and financing in fighting AIDS in poor countries ; dragged its feet on canceling unpayable debts of the world 's poorest countries -LRB- not because of the financial costs , which are negligible as they could not be repaid anyway , but because US politicians have not taken the plight of the poor seriously -RRB- ; and slashed foreign assistance as a share of national income to where it is lower than any rich country .
This is a worthy and urgent goal , but its realization will require significant changes in rich-country policies , particularly in the United States itself .
America has been the developed world 's stingiest donor , a fact unrecognized by the American people .
In calling for a more prosperous world for all , President Bush further demonstrated American attitudes on economic development when he said that `` trade can conquer poverty and despair . ''
Many Americans believe that market forces alone , including international trade , can solve the problems of poverty .
Trade does indeed benefit the poor if rich-country markets are opened , so that the poor can sell what they produce .
Trade policy can not save the millions of people who die of disease ; only targeted financial assistance can do that .
American stinginess , moreover , results in high costs to US security .
There are aspects of growth that are like head-to-head competition , in which the gains of one country or region can be at the expense of another country or region .
The more one country reaps in foreign direct investment , the less investment another country can attract .
We have learned in the past decade that even when businesses are internationally competitive , a macroeconomic crisis can derail economic growth , as it did in most of Asia in the late 1990s .
In our competitiveness studies , we noticed that the world economy can be divided into two categories of countries : the innovators and the non-innovators .
When American firms invested heavily in Mexico , or Taiwanese firms invested heavily in mainland China , the firms brought with them new technologies that upgraded the production efficiency of the host economy .
Our rankings can not be used to assess short run cyclical conditions in an economy , but do provide insights into the longer-term prospects of major economies .
No single country , even the largest economy in the world , can stop the cooperation of others .
The growing role of international institutions under the UN umbrella provides greater confidence that disputes can be addressed peacefully and even sensibly , with significant inputs of scientific expertise as in the Climate Change treaty .
It can not be a game of rich against poor .
It can not function without international law and international institutions .
As a result , it is alleged , the Islamic world can not cope with the demands of modernization , either in technology or in cultural practices , such as the granting of rights to women , which is necessary for economic success in the modern world .
We can therefore note that in Islamic societies like Tunisia , Turkey , Indonesia , and Malaysia , economic growth and cultural change has proceeded rapidly in the past generation .
At the UN Millennium Summit in September 2000 , 180 world leaders pledged to achieve significant advances in the well-being of the world 's poor by 2015 .
Foreign investors will be able to invest in an African labor force no longer shattered by disease .
Unlike some types of aid , where the assistance can be funneled to offshore bank accounts , assistance for health comes in the form of drugs , diagnostic tools , and salary support for doctors and nurses .
Recent efforts against African River Blindness , leprosy , and trachoma , backed by industrial leaders such as Merck , Novartis , and Pfizer , have also performed wonders .
The new Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis , and Malaria , which was initiated by U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan earlier this year and will begin operation in 2002 , can be a critical mechanism here .
The paradox of the global economy is that rich countries are now so rich and poor countries so poor that even small contributions from the rich can perform wonders .
They issued a declaration calling for action now , so that extreme poverty can be dramatically reduced by the year 2015 .
Many studies , including those that I did for the World Health Organization , show that for a modest amount of money worldwide , perhaps an extra $ 50 - $ 100 billion per year in aid from rich countries , the Millennium Development Goals can be achieved .
The rich world can redeem itself , indeed promote its interests in global peace and prosperity , by proving that the Millennium Development Goals are not empty words .
In Monterrey , rich countries can show the rest of humanity , especially the poorest of the poor , that they 've gotten the message .
So far , the Southern African Development Community -LRB- SADC -RRB- has been acquiescent in the face of Mugabe 's abuses .
Africans will no doubt feel that Africa is being singled out unfairly when such abuses exist throughout the world .
This can best be accomplished by dollarizing the economy , just as Argentina should have done last fall .
America has idly stood by as millions of Africans die of AIDS .
Such people are dying not because early death is inevitable , but because they can not afford the medicines to keep themselves alive .
If every American gave $ 10 per year to this cause , over 1 million Africans could be saved from AIDS death each year , with money left over to fight the disease .
We need a plan , says the US ; we can not throw money at the problem .
Africans do n't vote ; they do n't buy US products ; they do n't threaten violence .
Europe and Japan have also avoided the financial contributions to AIDS control that could keep millions of HIV-infected Africans alive .
But beyond the scandals , the public should be more aware of the erratic nature of today 's financial markets .
Exchange rates and stock market prices deviate enormously from long-run fundamental values , which can cause major dislocations in the real economy of jobs , production , and investment .
Of course , if such fads are common , and if they do not last forever , a smart investor can profit handsomely from them , say , by selling the dollar short in recent months .
As the great British economist John Maynard Keynes warned seventy-five years ago , `` markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent . ''
In other words , even if you know that the dollar will eventually fall , you could go bankrupt before you can prove your case if everyone else continues betting that it will rise .
We can only guess at the answer , but my guess is that the US will escape with only a modest slowdown .
But two forces can turn a mild slowdown into a severe recession or even depression :
stock market decline can lead to a full-fledged banking crisis , as occurred in Japan , Mexico , and most recently Argentina .
Suddenly the country is thrown into a balance of payments crisis , in which it can not service its foreign debts . This disrupts trade and production .
Remember too that the United States can use expansionary monetary policy to offset , at least in part , any slowdown that arises .
The Federal Reserve can continue to cut interest rates , if necessary .
These interest rate cuts probably ca n't stop a slowdown from occurring , but they can help to ensure against a full economic collapse .
Because African poverty contributed to the uncontrolled spread of AIDS , the combination of climate shocks and epidemic disease is devastating .
Or the effects may be indirect . Land use changes , say , can amplify the spread of infectious diseases by changing the mix of species or the ways that animals and humans interact .
When disasters hit -LRB- such as this year 's droughts or floods -RRB- , politicians can not be held accountable for mistakes made over the course of many decades .
The summit in Johannesburg can draw the world 's attention to these pressing problems .
Even if the summit produces few specific results , it can make a difference if three demands are made of the summiteers :
For example , investments in research on alternative energy systems that can limit global warming are vital ;
The economic costs of such a war could be huge , both in direct American outlays for war and its aftermath , and in the indirect spillovers on the world economy .
Africa 's slow growth , say American leaders , is caused by Africa 's poor governance .
In some cases their suffering can be alleviated mainly through better governance within their countries .
Controlling disease requires a health system that can deliver life-saving medications and basic preventive services such as bed-nets to fight malaria and vitamins to fight nutritional deficiencies .
This can be done , if we remove the ideological blinkers of the rich , and mobilize a partnership between rich and poor .
In this context , Europe 's dickering over Turkey 's possible membership in the European Union takes on a special significance for the world .
Several years ago , I heard another leading public figure in Europe explain in a public lecture that Europe is a Christian society and therefore can never admit an Islamic member .
The new Prime Minister , Abdullah Gul , immediately declared gaining accession to Europe a priority . `` Our aim is to show the world that a country which has a Muslim population can also be democratic , transparent , modern , and cooperative with the world . ''
Each accession to the EU over the past quarter century , such as Spain and Portugal 's drive before 1986 , and more recently the efforts of the Central European postcommunist candidates , has spurred institutional modernization and contributed to stability and moderation in domestic politics .
The `` prize '' of European membership has helped to forge political consensus within candidate countries , and the same would happen with Turkey .
Or is it , as some suspect , so that America can get its hands on Iraqi oil ?
Many in the Bush Administration argue that aggressive policies toward Iraq can ultimately bring down autocratic governments in the Middle East the same way that the Reagan Administration supposedly brought down the `` evil '' Soviet empire .
We can examine America 's behavior in recent history .
American behavior in former Soviet Central Asia is equally vivid .
Yet democracy has absolutely nothing to do with American policy in Central Asia , where US oil companies and diplomats trip over each other promoting deals in despotic Kazakhstan , Turkmenistan , and Uzbekistan .
A good window on postwar US policy in Iraq can be found in key documents written by and for the Bush Administration before September 11 , when the analysis of the Middle East was much less infected by today 's fears .
But the anti-Iraq War protests reveal a new dynamic . Up to 10 million protestors in some 60 countries and 600 cities took to the streets on schedule on a single day , February 15 , showing that mass politics can now be approached globally .
The war is likely to proceed because the US can carry out the military phase of the war largely on its own , and because the Bush Administration has no easy way to back down from its military mobilization .
Unless the Bush administration is vindicated in its actions -- for example , if Saddam Hussein launches weapons of mass destruction that unite the world against him , or if the US discovers hidden nuclear weapons in the Iraqi desert -- anti-American sentiments , and terrorism , unleashed by war , are likely to be massive .
American Crony Capitalists Go to War
American Crony Capitalists Go to War
America has shown itself to be second to none in practicing cronyism , first with its rotten corporate scandals of recent years , and now in Iraq .
The Cheney-Rumsfeld team is so arrogant that it acts as if it can flaunt the takeover of Middle East oil while brushing aside questions .
Khalilzad and Karzai spent considerable efforts in the late 1990s to get an American-built pipeline to carry gas from Turkeminstan through Afghanistan to Pakistan and the Indian Ocean .
American newspapers now report that former Shell Oil CEO Philip Carroll will be appointed as the US czar of Iraqi oil .
Only a few hurdles remain before the US can consummate its crony takeover of Iraq 's oil .
America will soon try to appoint an Iraqi regime that will aim to cancel many of Saddam 's oil contracts with France , Russia , and China , in order to make room for US and UK firms . But this will be harder to accomplish than simply sending in the US army .
The US can not legally market Iraqi oil , much less invest in new fields , until the old UN sanctions against Iraq are lifted . But the rest of the world believes that lifting the sanctions is tantamount to handing Iraq 's oil future over to the US and UK occupying forces and their corporate cronies .
More telling , and significant in the long term , is the remarkable anti-US and anti-UK sentiment now sweeping Iraq .
Israelis and Palestinians can not find the way out alone , because neither side would dare to forcibly disarm its own extremists without absolute proof that the other side will do the same .
So it is fatuous for Israel 's government to insist that the Palestinians disarm completely before the peace process can continue , when Palestinian moderates have no proof that Israel will withdraw to the pre-1967 boundaries .
The Roadmap to Peace can work only if both sides are pressed to a real compromise , whose outline is clear : Israel 's return to something like its pre-1967 borders ; financial compensation of Palestinians for losses of land in Israel , rather than a right to return ; and Jerusalem as a shared capital .
Much of the world community stopped trading with South Africa , and stopped making investments in South African-based enterprises .
Thus , the South African economy experienced an absolute decline in per capita output during the years of widespread sanctions .
Drug trafficking or other illegal activities can overtake the whole government , turning it from despotism to international organized crime .
Leaders can thus be made prisoners in their own countries .
Smart sanctions can also specifically target the trade in military goods , cutting off despotic regimes ' armed forces .
Moreover , foreign aid can be shifted away from government towards non-governmental organizations , strengthening the civil societies in such countries .
The US government and many observers believe that if the US can just get basic services established in Baghdad , and perhaps catch Saddam Hussein , then the situation will quiet down .
Many American voices are already saying that , whether or not the war in Iraq was a good idea , the US -LRB- and the UN -RRB- must now stay , to preserve national honor and to show that the US will not be scared away by terrorism .
Nobody likes to be bullied , and no American wants the US to be frightened or coerced by the brutal and thuggish actions of car bombers .
Even at this late date , with American soldiers being killed on a regular basis , and with the massive deaths resulting from the car bombing of the UN headquarters , the US resists greater UN authority , much less replacing US troops with UN-led forces .
That 's a financial effort that the world can and should join .
American arrogance and neglect played a big part in this stunning reversal .
American foreign policy is brain dead .
Even as Sánchez de Lozada was hounded from office on the streets of La Paz as an American lackey , the Bush administration showed no interest or support .
George W. Bush is obsessed with the war on terrorism , especially with the military response to terrorism . American foreign policy reflects that obsession .
Focusing on terrorism to the exclusion of other issues , and emphasizing the military response to it , will not bring prosperity and peace , or even a significant reduction in the number of attacks .
Yet at Cancun , Mexico earlier this summer , it refused to open its markets even to exports from struggling African economies .
What the world needs most in 2004 is a declaration of independence from American willfulness .
Two years ago , Brazil 's economy was left for dead , and the election of Worker Party candidate Luiz Inácio `` Lula '' da Silva as President was widely expected to trigger financial collapse .
In January 2002 , American right-wingers were terrified of a leftist revolution in Brazil .
Efficiencies in energy use are possible , but they can not solve either the problem of long-run oil supplies or climate change .
Yet these alternatives are expensive , and can not realistically replace fossil fuels .
Fortunately , if we plan for the long term on a global scale , we can find our way through these challenges .
We should aim to develop technologies and infrastructure so that these other fossil fuels can be used efficiently and safely .
Coal can also be converted into hydrogen if we choose to go down the road of a hydrogen-based economy , in which hydrogen-powered fuel cells replace the internal combustion engine in automobiles .
Much of the time the barbarism in Iraq goes unrecorded , as when American tanks sweep into Iraqi neighborhoods and kill dozens of innocents in the name of fighting `` insurgents . ''
But barbarism is found in many quarters , as the grisly beheading of an American hostage made clear .
American reactions to the Abu Ghraib torture scenes , followed by the beheading of the American hostage Nicholas Berg , show clearly the route to barbarism in a supposedly civilized country .
The US strongly resisted the jurisdiction of the ICC , but American abuses at Abu Ghraib show why the US , should be subject to international law .
But even India , with its growing economy , can not afford to make these investments out of national resources .
The world was never fooled by the Bush administration 's case , but most Americans were fooled , at least for a while .
They also had exaggerated fears about American weaknesses , just as von Moltke had exaggerated fears about German weaknesses vis-à-vis Russia .
The Bush administration gave $ 250 billion per year in tax cuts to the richest Americans , raised military spending by $ 150 billion per year , and then turned to the poorest people of the world and told them that there is no money available to meet America 's promise .
The idea of the IFF is to guarantee that donor countries double their aid levels during the next decade , so that well-governed poor countries can make the investments they need to achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
American behavior and self-perceptions reveal the ease with which a civilized country can engage in large-scale killing of civilians without public discussion .
Another New York Times story -LRB- November 12 -RRB- , citing `` military officials , '' dutifully reported that , `` Since the assault began on Monday , about 600 rebels have been killed , along with 18 American and 5 Iraqi soldiers . ''
On November 14 , the front page of The New York Times led with the following description : `` Army tanks and fighting vehicles blasted their way into the last main rebel stronghold in Falluja at sundown on Saturday after American warplanes and artillery prepared the way with a savage barrage on the district .
There is a hint , though , in a brief mention in the middle of the story of a father looking over his wounded sons in a hospital and declaring that , `` Now Americans are shooting randomly at anything that moves . ''
But the American media more or less brushed aside this shocking incident , too . The Wall Street Journal actually wrote an editorial on November 18 that criticized the critics , noting as usual that whatever the US does , its enemies in Iraq do worse , as if this excuses American abuses .
The American fantasy of a final battle , in Falluja or elsewhere , or the capture of some terrorist mastermind , perpetuates a cycle of bloodletting that puts the world in peril .
In 2005 , we can begin to change direction .
When an agricultural research unit called the World Agroforestry Center discovered that a certain tree could help African farmers grow more food , they introduced a new and valuable approach to overcoming Africa 's chronic food crisis .
This is a mistake , because military approaches alone can not make America safe .
Only shared prosperity can truly make the planet secure .
2005 is the year that words can become reality , and that the world can begin to fulfill its hopes for our new millennium .
Malaria can be prevented to a significant extent , and can be treated with nearly 100 % success , through available low-cost technologies .
Yet malaria 's African victims , as well as those in other parts of the world , are typically too poor to have access to these life-saving technologies .
Poor countries can not afford these investments on their own , so rich countries must help .
If more financial aid is combined with good governance in poor countries , then the Millennium Development Goals can be achieved on time .
Illness and deaths from malaria can be reduced sharply by using insecticide-treated bed nets to stop the mosquitoes that transmit malaria , and by effective medicines when the illness strikes .
Malaria is an important example where specific investments can solve the problems of disease , hunger , and extreme poverty .
Investments in soil nutrients and water harvesting could help African farmers double or triple their food yields .
Anti-retroviral medicines can help save millions from death due to AIDS .
Moreover , with the `` democratization '' of aid now underway , we can look forward to increased private efforts alongside official development assistance .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair has declared that the two issues at the center of the G-8 Summit this July will be African poverty and global climate change .
Until then , water-starved communities dig for water , if they can find it and if they can afford to pump it out .
Soldiers can not keep peace among desperately hungry people .
One course of action must be to help impoverished African regions to `` adapt '' to climate change and to escape the poverty trap .
Water-stressed regions like Ethiopia and Sudan can adapt , at least in part , through improved technologies such as `` drip irrigation , '' rainwater harvesting , improved water storage facilities , deep wells , and agro-forestry techniques that make best use of scarce rainfall .
Better land-management practices -LRB- the re-planting of degraded forests , for example -RRB- can recharge underground water aquifers .
Poor countries can not afford these technologies on their own .
The famines in Ethiopia and the violence in Darfur suggest what can lie ahead .
This is especially ironic because African countries like Ethiopia stand steadfastly and bravely with the US in the fight for freedom and against terrorism , even as they struggle with hunger , disease , and famine .
Africans suffering from hunger and drought , and indeed poor people everywhere , have a right to ask much more of the US and other rich countries .
In my new book The End of Poverty , I show how extreme poverty can be ended by 2025 , but only if the rich world follows through on its promise to help the poorest countries .
The commitment began 44 years ago , in 1961 , when the United Nations General Assembly adopted the objective that foreign assistance should increase significantly , `` so as to reach as soon as possible approximately 1 % of the combined national incomes of the economically advanced countries . ''
I am quite sure that The Wall Street Journal does not really represent the interests or views of many or even most of American rich people , including the millionaires and billionaires whose contributions to aid could make a huge difference for the lives of millions of people .
But the majority of Americans , having supported the tax cuts in Bush 's first term because it gave them a little extra cash , do not support the attack on basic government services that has followed .
The Bush administration raised military spending sharply as it went to war in Afghanistan and Iraq , and as it increased spending on national security at home , without ever explaining to the American people how this would be financed .
No sooner did this strategy pay off with a narrow re-election victory -- one that strengthened Republican control of Congress -- than the dark realities of Bush 's fiscal recklessness started to be recognized .
With the Republican-controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that America 's budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
Extreme weather events such as hurricanes and typhoons are likely to increase .
Yet real action in the US is starting , thanks to leadership in other parts of the world , and thanks to the enlightened understanding of some major American businesses .
American companies operating in Europe are part of that system for their European-based emissions , so that US companies are being pulled into climate control even if their own government avoids the issue .
They know that investing today in clean technologies can give them a long-term competitive advantage .
As US citizens and businesses continue to suffer the results of climate change -- heat waves , droughts , hurricanes , and floods -- more and more Americans , including an increasing number of business leaders , will press America 's political leaders for real action .
The Guardian Council 's barring of over 2,000 mostly reformist candidates from participating in the parliamentary elections was the last straw .
This was Iran 's first exposure to Americans .
The Americans ' supply train would regularly pass through my father 's ancestral village , Arak , then a scenic oasis of green gardens and fruit orchards .
`` Whenever we heard the train coming , '' my father once told me , `` all the young boys in the village would run as fast as we could through the apple orchard to greet the passing Americans .
They would smile and wave and throw us whatever gifts they happened to have -- playing cards , chewing gum , lifesaver candies ... For us they were like heroes from another world . ''
Iran 's 1979 revolution did away with the pro-American , undemocratic regime of the Shah , bringing in its place the anti-American , undemocratic regime of the clerics .
Relations between the United States and Iran have been officially non-existent since a group of radical students stormed the US embassy in Teheran -- 25 years ago this week -- taking sixty six Americans hostage for 444 days .
While the Iranian regime continues to be belligerently anti-American , the Iranian people are overtly pro-American .
Ideological rigidity alone , however , does not explain Iran 's often-gratuitous anti-Americanism .
If it can bring us more economic opportunities , as well as social and political freedoms , let us be ` West-toxified . ' ''
Once again , a `` pro-American '' autocrat seems to be rapidly losing his grip on power , with his US ally only half-heartedly standing by him .
Despite the government 's crisis of legitimacy and endemic mismanagement , the Green Movement -- nominally led by opposition presidential candidates Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi -- faces major obstacles .
While the role that outside powers like the US can play in affecting political reform in Iran is limited , the Obama administration faces two fundamental challenges in its Iran policy .
While a large majority of Iranians want to make amends with the US , for Iran 's hardliners , enmity toward the US has become a central part of the Islamic Republic 's identity . `` If pro-American tendencies come to power in Iran , we have to say goodbye to everything , '' conceded Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati , head of the powerful Guardian Council .
Governmental brutality and intimidation can withstand the march of history for years , but not indefinitely .
Both the ICD classification of mental disorders , and its American counterpart , the American Psychiatric Association 's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- DSM -RRB- efforts have taken pains to make diagnostic classification accountable as examples of public policy .
As the WHO begins to plan the ICD eleventh edition and the American Psychiatric Association begins to plan the fifth edition of the DSM , one wonders how to ensure additional moral , social , and political accountability in what traditionally have been viewed as the instruments and products of science .
If not , how can the needs of scientific credibility and public accountability be met ?
While psychiatry may be leading the debate about these problems , other medical specialties can not be far behind .
Societies also often provide ways to encourage , even compel , a mentally ill person into treatment , while recognizing that , because psychiatry can potentially invade and overwhelm personal beliefs and values , mental health practices must be regulated in order to preserve civil liberties .
I am skeptical that this can happen .
Nigeria can be bold at diplomacy , as its offer of asylum to President Charles Taylor of Liberia demonstrates .
Another question is how much of the revenues should be transferred , and how transfers can be effected in a country as large , complex , and financially backward as Nigeria .
Lebanon , argues Paul Salem , may provide a guide for those Iraqis who seek a constitution that can reconcile the country 's Shi-ite , Sunni , Kurdish and Turkmen communities .
So perhaps there are lessons from that experience that can be applied in Iraq .
· Second , electoral districts should be multi-member districts and should , as far as is possible , include populations of more than one community in order to encourage cross-communal politics and the election of moderate politicians that can speak to all communities and that know how to resolve tensions among them .
Until elections can be organized , it may be necessary to do what was done in Lebanon just after the war : appoint members to an interim Iraqi parliament .
As someone who knew Lebanon in its darkest hours -- when Lebanon was a by-word for chaos , violence , and political hopelessness -- and who saw its rapid reconstitution as a functioning participatory political system and its astonishing return to normalcy , I know that Iraq can be politically rebuilt .
By recognizing a permanent say in politics for all of the country 's mutually suspicious communities , Iraqis can pull back from the brink and build for themselves an Iraq worthy of their talents and their history .
Iran 's investment in Palestine is more recent , but its backing for the Hamas-led government , which has been frustrated elsewhere , is no less significant .
For example , while Iran may not be happy with the American presence in Iraq , it realizes how close the country is to full-scale civil war .
In the Gulf , Iran has tried to reassure its Arab neighbors that Iranian power is not aimed at them and can in fact be a pillar of gulf security .
By reasserting its access to the airport and seaports , and by consolidating the political situation in the country , Hezbollah can better survive a shift in Syrian policy : the United States and Israel can no longer ask Syria to `` deliver '' Hezbollah as part of any peace deal over the Golan .
With a March 14 victory , Hezbollah is more secure vis-à-vis Israeli attack or international isolation , can worry less about managing Lebanon 's economy and finances , and can maintain its alliance with Aoun without delivering him the Moon .
With 5 % of the world 's population and the bulk of the world 's oil and gas , the Arab world nonetheless lags behind most of the rest of the world , and suffers from what can best be termed `` educational poverty . ''
The American University of Beirut , founded in 1866 , has arguably done more to transform the Middle East in positive ways than any other comparable institution , yet it receives only $ 3 million in annual aid from the United States , which spends billions on armies and weaponry in the region .
Education can also have a fundamental effect on forming values .
Although both Hezbollah and Iran still argue , perhaps correctly , that Israel will not give back the Golan Heights or allow the emergence of a Palestinian state , the possibility of peace can not be ruled out .
Malaysia is fairly open but with significant protection , especially in services .
China narrowed the trade policy gap with other developing countries , bringing average tariffs down to Southeast Asian and Latin American levels -LRB- about 10 % -RRB- and establishing comparable openness to foreign direct investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- .
Traces of the `` new regionalism '' can be found everywhere .
The chant became so tedious that inevitably , the class clown would ask if the incantation would end up turning us all into asthmatics , as Che was .
A twenty-first century Quixote tilting at the windmills of canned politics ?
To start , we can rule out Chile from the supposed leftist surge , for it is a country ruled by a centrist coalition of Ricardo Lagos 's European-style socialists and the country 's historic Christian democrats .
Nor can one argue that Brazil 's government under President Lula has not been characterized by moderation , following a more orthodox economic policy even than that of its predecessor , one based on fiscal discipline , budget surpluses , and an anti-inflationary monetary policy .
No doubt , his regime revels in all the historic forms of populism : messianic leadership , anti-American rhetoric , disregard for constitutional forms , drunken spending , and state-orchestrated popular mobilization to fill squares and jeer at supposed enemies .
Chaos and violence in Iraq has strengthened the notion that insurgencies can not be defeated and so must be appeased .
A combination of military force , political incentives , and economic growth that benefits the wider population can begin to bring an insurgency to heel .
Yet , despite countless atrocities committed by both sides , Colombia 's government has entered into dialogue -- aided by the Mexican and French governments , as well as the UN -- with all of these illegal groups in the cause of peace .
Since December 2002 , the paramilitaries have mostly adhered to a cease-fire , and are in talks with the government under the mediation of the Catholic Church and with the support and monitoring of the Organization of American States -LRB- OAS -RRB- .
Colombia 's government has gone as far as it can , in the face of much criticism from its own supporters , in not insisting on immediate disarmament or surrender , but instead offering a cease-fire and the rebels the possibility of reintegration into civil society under international observation .
By combining staunch military resistance to rebellion with a political program designed to entice rebels back to normal life , the Uribe government has demonstrated that insurgencies can be curtailed .
But a series of scandals , some involving billions of dollars , has now seriously undermined that elite 's standing in the eyes of the Indian public .
Following the recent series of scandals , the average Indian does not believe this anymore .
One can see them everywhere -- learning English in `` coaching centers , '' working anonymously in the new malls and call centers , or suddenly famous as sports stars .
So far , this new group has been too busy climbing the income ladder to express their resentment at the excesses of the elite , but one can feel a growing sense of anger among its members .
Many investigations have been ordered into the current corruption scandals .
The elections were `` canceled , '' and East Pakistan erupted in open revolt .
Population growth after this will be mostly caused by people living longer , a factor that will diminish in significance from mid-century .
Even if China can engineer this , it implies an immediate outflow from the workforce , with the benefits lagging by 25 years .
Interestingly , computer technology is exempted , as it can be used to further the extremist cause .
Securing Europe 's Energy Future Most Europeans agree that reliable , affordable , and sustainable energy is crucial to Europe 's security and prosperity ; that energy can be used as a political weapon , as when Russia shut off gas to Ukraine in January 2006 ; and that Europe is far too dependent on energy supplies from undemocratic and unstable countries or regions .
With China seeking to secure exclusive access to energy resources in Africa and the Russian energy giant Gazprom seeking de facto control of Western companies by investing billions of euros in them , Europe can no longer afford to take a wait-and-see approach .
Europe can not afford to let this history make it complacent .
It is important to emphasize , too , that leprosy can be cured at any time .
Brazil and Indonesia also contribute a significant number of new cases .
Compared to the numbers who fall ill with diseases such as HIV\/AIDS , malaria , and tuberculosis , however , leprosy almost pales into insignificance .
Finally , different clans around the president have long been trying to promote their own candidates for succession .
Statements similar to Shuvalov 's have already been made , and more can be expected .
This ongoing discussion of the various candidates ' merits and drawbacks recalls how airplanes protect themselves from missile attacks by launching a false target .
The real historical significance of the choice that Russia will face in 2008 will be determined not by the next president 's personal qualities , but by his loyalties -- that is , to whom he owes his job .
You can always rely on our support . ''
As an American recipient of a kidney who was once desperate enough to consider doing that myself -LRB- fortunately , a friend ended up donating to me -RRB- , I agree wholeheartedly that we should offer well-informed individuals a reward if they are willing to save a stranger 's life .
In the United States , the American Medical Association has endorsed a draft bill that would make it easier for states to offer various non-cash incentives for donation .
The costs can be high .
Significant shifts in power -LRB- typically as a result of changes in commodity prices -RRB- and ideology , or changes in the economics of projects , can lead to renegotiations , especially when it comes to large investments in natural resources and infrastructure .
This will most likely involve a leading MNE , which can field a negotiating team that includes world-class lawyers , geologists , and financial analysts who understand , for example , the trade-offs between taxes and royalties and can put them in appropriate language .
The host country , on the other hand , simply can not match such a team .
The resulting contract is all the more problematic because it is likely to involve one of the host country 's few important resources , which can generate more predictable -LRB- and probably higher -RRB- revenues than official development assistance -- and over a long period of time .
How can it be implemented without looking like bribery -LRB- in case the company gives the funds directly to the government -RRB- ?
And how can companies prevent some of the funds from being misused -LRB- say , if the government hires a third-rate team -RRB- ?
But the definition of FDI protectionism can become more complicated , because measures taken in the interest of legitimate public policy objectives -- for example , protecting national security or increasing FDI 's contribution to the host economy -- are not necessarily instances of it , even if they make the foreign-investment climate less hospitable .
But the boundary line between such objectives and protectionism can be a very fine one .
Chinese FDI , like all FDI , can provide host countries with a bundle of tangible and intangible assets needed for economic growth and development .
While a significant part of China 's outward FDI initially takes the form of trade-supporting FDI , it can be expected to lead relatively quickly to some production being shifted out of China , including to the US and Europe , thereby possibly reducing exports from China .
The Chinese government can play a crucial role by adopting a code of conduct for all Chinese enterprises investing abroad , in line with internationally accepted norms and taking into account the increasing importance of sustainable FDI .
It is also one of a handful of countries that have achieved significant results in recovering from the deep damage of prolonged conflict by rebuilding government and establishing the rule of law .
As Director of the International Monetary Fund 's African Department , I witnessed the historic `` completion point '' of the process in Washington , DC , alongside my colleagues from the World Bank .
Liberia 's progress has significance well beyond its immediate borders and those of its neighbors in West Africa .
Its story shows that , given strong national leadership , an internationally coordinated combination of military , humanitarian , technical , and financial assistance can help to turn around failed states , enabling them to rejoin the international financial and political communities and benefit fully from linkages to the global economy .
Liberia 's post-conflict recovery is not unprecedented , but it provides a clear illustration of how coordinated and sustained multilateral support can help national leaders deliver impressive results .
Already , world-class American and emerging-market companies are investing in Liberia .
How much the Chinese know about the inner workings of North Korea 's policy-making and power structure , and how much influence they can have , are uncertain .
They know that despite the extensive damage that they could inflict on the South , in the end , they would be destroyed by American and South Korean power if combat ever starts .
It is anxious to see a US-North Korea dialogue begin , one capable of alleviating the North 's anxieties about an American attack and America 's concerns about a renewed nuclear program .
Well aware of the complexities and hazards -- and seeking to avoid alienating any of the parties -- China is willing to play the role of convener , but not adjudicator , of an American-North Korean dialogue .
China , too , believes that if advocates of `` regime change '' do not push North Korea too hard , a strategy can be pursued that is based on slow evolution rather than a precipitous break -- and a possible violent breakdown .
Some , looking at CDU\/CSU candidate for Chancellor Edmund Stoiber 's emphasis on Bavaria 's economic success , will seek to portray the coalition as shaded dangerously by the `` anything goes '' market conservatism practiced in America .
These two traits , although they seem to conflict , and are certainly different from the values of American and British conservatives , nonetheless form a sound basis for a realistic pragmatism and the shunning of ideological politics - which is precisely the politics that Germany now requires .
Decades later , the European Union still needs the binding power and legitimacy of its constituent nations , as well as of historical regional political structures within those nations , because a common European identity is emerging only slowly and can not yet justify a unitary constitutional structure .
Indeed , only an ongoing skepticism of fashionable political nostrums - both of the statist and market fundamentalist variety - can promote pluralism and tolerance , and avoid a ballooning of the bureaucracy that enfeebles our economy .
In a fast changing world , this skepticism of the center is the only sensible attitude a responsible political party and government can strike .
Our political approach embraces this humane and realistic pragmatism , for it is only such an approach that offers a chance to secure a prosperous stability within which necessary change can be made without ending up in an extremist euphoria or a fear of the future .
That this decision was taken in conjunction with the transfer of authority to a new Iraqi Government only adds to its significance .
And it works -- but it can do more .
The Alliance can and should be the place to discuss and debate a broader range of political issues .
Indeed , as we face today 's security challenges - terrorism , proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , failed states - we can not afford not to .
Unfortunately , despite the efforts of NATO and the EU , Europe 's defense sector remains fragmented , which leads to duplication , unhelpful competition from too many rival systems , and , significant capability gaps or incompatibilities .
In Europe , many national defense budgets can no longer sustain both fully-fledged national forces and a national defense industry .
This sort of arithmetic has the merit of giving some indications about burden-sharing , but it has also been shown that burden-sharing can not be fully captured in graphs and spreadsheets .
How can you evaluate a contribution of light infantry against the provision of critical enablers such as helicopters or air-to-air refueling tankers ?
Common funding , with all members paying a share according to their GDP , is one instrument that can be used to achieve more equitable burden-sharing .
No single measure can resolve the burden-sharing problem .
The main question is whether China can escape the pull of this old psychological syndrome -- which kept it preoccupied throughout the twentieth century with debilitating sentiments of weakness , insecurity , and humiliation -- and allow itself to be guided by a new outlook on the world , and even on old enemies .
The reaction of China 's leaders to the America 's accidental attack on China 's embassy in Belgrade in 1998 , and to the collision of an American spy plane with a Chinese plane over the Pacific , was to permit , if not foment , large anti-foreign demonstrations .
Next , it was announced that the large Qingdao-based Chinese appliance maker , Hai'er , was interested in picking up home-appliance maker Maytag , another iconic all-American brand .
But Americans appear to be psychologically unprepared for China 's effort to use some of its vast dollar reserves to become a global stakeholder in America .
It is difficult to judge whether it is the symbolism of such deals , concerns about national security , or the slowly dawning recognition that America 's position of assumed economic preeminence is being challenged that upsets Americans most .
Whatever the case , Chinese are well acquainted with Americans ' feelings of indignation mixed with powerlessness .
But , what makes this string of symbolic Chinese beachheads in the American economic heartland an especially volatile issue at this moment is discussion in the US Senate of protective tariffs against Chinese imports , together with a forthcoming US Defense Department assessment that is reported to describe China as a potentially adversarial power .
That is a pity , because as British Prime Minister Tony Blair recently observed , over the long term , `` there is no issue more important than climate change , '' and there can be no agreement to reduce it `` that does n't involve China , America and India . ''
Small wonder , then , that the water in 75 % of China 's rivers is undrinkable , that the country is home to seven of the world 's most polluted cities , and that one can often live in Beijing or Shanghai for weeks without ever seeing the sun .
As a result , `` there can be no genuinely honest and friendly dialogue with those countries that suffered considerable damage and casualties in the wars with Japan . ''
While it assigns responsibility to Japan for WWII , and even unflinchingly names the political and military leaders who bear responsibility , one can still detect a whiff of reluctance in its failure to fully describe some of Japan 's war-time actions .
And , true , no Japanese prime minister has yet fallen to his knees in Nanjing the way Chancellor Willy Brandt did on the site of the Warsaw Ghetto , where he apologized for the crimes of Germany by saying , `` No people can escape from their history . ''
Hu and Wen have canceled national agricultural taxes , made rural schooling free , launched a new rural medical insurance plan , and guaranteed that , since there is still no title for holding private agricultural land , peasants are entitled to renew their long-term leases .
But , now that the Games have ended , Chinese leaders can not quite say , `` Mission accomplished . ''
If many of those same viewers who have been impressed by China 's successes in Beijing now also find themselves recoiling at the idea of a stronger and more prideful China , that is understandable . For strength unalloyed by checks and balances -- and by a capacity for self-critical reflection about the rightness and wrongness of state action -- can be unnerving .
Many Americans , too , have recently had to learn this .
Indeed , if they are successful in bringing about some sort of rapprochement , or even if they only manage to ease the crisis somewhat , their accomplishment will be significant .
But China 's performance could become symbolic of a more significant long-term breakthrough -- the moment when the country put its fear of the outside world aside and began to emerge as a more pro-active agent of multilateral cooperation .
Indeed , probably no nation of global significance has more unresolved issues concerning its ruling principles and structures .
They are right to wonder whether the `` miracle '' can continue to survive the kind of shocks that have rocked almost every other part of Asia to its foundations at one time or another over the last decade .
How can such a scenario be realized ?
In 1973 , as Sino-US relations were thawing , Mao admitted to Henry Kissinger that , though he did not believe reunification would come peacefully , `` We can do without Taiwan for the time being , and let it come after 100 years ...
Only democracy in China can bring lasting peace to the Taiwan Straits .
On June 1 , Dr. Jiang Yanyong , a surgeon at Beijing 301 Military Hospital , and his wife , Dr. Hua Zhongwei , both seventy-two years old , left home to pick up a visa at the American Embassy .
Dr. Jiang Yanyong may become a millionaire , wear any clothes he likes , redecorate his living room , even buy a car , but he can not inform the public about an epidemic or write government officials an honest letter of admonition .
Prior to the crisis , banks had often been net sellers of foreign government bonds , but they significantly increased their purchases during 2008-2009 .
By contrast , the importance of foreign markets for asset managers remains very limited and has not changed significantly since 2007 .
Apart from discouraging banks from investing abroad , outright restrictions on foreign banks ' market access can not be ruled out , either .
Inherited Malignancy HANNOVER , GERMANY -- Breast cancer is among the most life-threatening of malignancies , affecting about one in ten women in the Western world .
Taking the family history of 100 healthy women , at least one affected first-degree relative can be found in up to 15 of them .
Indeed , investigations have shown that the risk of developing breast cancer is roughly doubled in females with a family history of breast cancer .
Dozens of their mutations are associated with an increased risk of hereditary breast and ovarian cancer . Women who have an abnormal BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene run a lifetime risk of up to 85 % of developing breast cancer , while the increased risk of developing ovarian cancer is about 55 % for women with BRCA1 mutations and about 25 % for women with BRCA2 mutations .
Most recently , huge studies analyzing effects of single nucleotide variations in genomic DNA , so-called single nucleotide polymorphisms -LRB- SNP -RRB- , on breast cancer risk of BRCA1\/BRCA2 mutation carriers have identified so-called modifier SNP that can decrease or increase the individual lifetime risk .
We have also learned that only 20-40 % of the breast cancers that cluster in families come from BRCA1 or BRCA2 germline mutations -- genetic alterations that are present from birth in every cell of the body and can be transmitted to the offspring .
Increased breast cancer risk is also known to be associated with several inherited syndromes , such as Li-Fraumeni syndrome , a condition that is further associated with childhood onset of multiple malignancies including soft tissue sarcomas , leukemias , and brain tumors .
In most cases of familial breast cancer , however , genetic predisposition remains elusive .
Indeed , no further genes have been found whose mutations are associated with high lifetime risks of developing breast cancer .
Recently , new approaches to investigating genes involved in DNA repair , and huge studies of the effect of SNP on breast cancer risk , have identified two classes of breast cancer susceptibility factors .
Their frequency is rather rare and certain mutations can be found only in distinct populations , but this class of susceptibility factors is associated with a moderately increased breast cancer risk .
Considering frequency and risk , this class of breast cancer susceptibility factors can be called `` rare , intermediate-penetrance mutations '' .
Their biological consequences are mainly unknown , but statistical analyses have shown that they are associated with a significantly increased relative breast cancer risk which , in contrast to the first class , is rather small .
Several national networks and consortia have already developed models for estimating the breast cancer risk in women with a positive family history .
While these novel susceptibility factors have been shown to be significantly associated with an increased relative breast cancer risk , the statistical significance does not imply clinical utility for preventive management and therapy of breast cancer -- at least not yet .
Today , it is widely accepted that breast cancer , whether familial or sporadic , can be understood as a complex disease .
Thus , the genetically determined portion of an individual 's breast cancer risk is the result of several or even many genetic variants and mutations .
Initially , experts have to ask whether the result of a genetic test for susceptibility factors can help clinical decisions to be made on the basis of generally accepted guidelines .
Screening the genome for breast cancer susceptibility factors has led to the identification of novel genetic variants , and ongoing studies and further technical progress will certainly lead to additional significant findings .
In Haiti , which still suffers from underdevelopment , political turmoil , and the effects of destructive hurricanes , Ban appointed former US President Bill Clinton as his Special Representative to help deal with the country 's plight .
One of the main complaints is that communicating with him can be difficult .
Still throughout his tenure , Ban has consistently displayed progressive instincts on issues , despite the fact that his candidacy was originally championed by an authoritarian Chinese government and a right-wing , UN-bashing American envoy to the organization , John Bolton .
Indeed , with two-thirds of member states and a majority of European citizens supporting the Treaty , it can not simply be abandoned .
At the same time , French and Dutch citizens ' voices can not be ignored -- all the more so because it is unimaginable that an identical text could be submitted to a second referendum in either country .
Because all 27 states must ratify the Treaty , it therefore seems obvious that it can not enter into force in its current form , and that the `` yes '' countries can not push ahead with it unchanged .
It is also obvious that member states can not solve these problems alone , but only through coordinated EU action and common policies .
If Europe is to fulfill its role as a major global actor , its scope can not be limited to that of a large common market .
However , the Madrid meeting made clear that there is a consensus among these member states in favor of a Europe that can play a key role in our globalized world , and whose actions are based on the principles -- effectiveness , transparency , and democracy -- that inspire the European integration process .
Intervention has now been broadened to include education , culture , sport , and ethnicity , in the belief that only citizens who receive equal education and training , and have their historical and cultural specificity recognized , can enjoy genuine equality .
Even in France , where universal republican principles theoretically contradict such policies , public action is being ` ethnicized ' under the mask of geographical or social criteria .
`` When inequality is the common law , the strongest inequalities are not conspicuous , '' Alexis de Tocqueville wrote in his classic Democracy in America , but `` when everything is more or less leveled , the slightest inequality hurts . '' Because no society can ensure complete equality , `` welfare democracy '' feeds dissatisfaction and frustration - and hence demands for more welfare democracy , not less .
One can not help but marvel at how discreetly this topic is being dealt with by Merkel and Steinmeier .
Just a year ago , the FDP fervently adhered to the religion of the American neo-cons , according to which markets regulate themselves .
The FDP can count on about 13-14 % of the vote , which means that it may be able to join with Merkel 's Christian Democratic Union to form a government .
I can not explain this dynamic .
Russian authorities tend to play down these attacks as the acts of rowdies -- even when the perpetrators are caught and can be prosecuted .
Indeed , Russia 's racists can be assured of considerable sympathy from the security forces and the public .
Once again , a subgroup of the population has been declared bandits and potential terrorists , satisfying people 's urge to find a clearly identifiable enemy who can be blamed for all that is wrong in today 's Russia .
Despite this , the two defendants are forced to sit inside a narrow cage whose glass front has only two small holes through which their lawyers can communicate with them .
One can not help but contrast this with Budanov , the rapist and murderer who is now free to move about Russia at will .
On the contrary , events have imposed an agenda on Europe that we can not escape and for which solidarity -- true union -- will be needed .
We Czechs know something about this , as the wrenching economic transition that we underwent in the 1990 's taught us much about how the right policies can break the grip of hopelessness .
But the bilateral deals that have emerged from this race sometimes come at the expense of other Union members , and may unbalance relations within the Union as a whole . Only a rules-based EU framework can provide a firm foundation for both bilateral and Union-wide relations with Russia .
There are good reasons to believe that the level of stability achieved in Iraq can be maintained even without a large-scale US presence .
If large corporations -LRB- and other banks -RRB- have deposits that they expect to be able to claim on short notice , and if they know that not all such deposits can be withdrawn at the same time , then suspicion that a bank might fail gives them as much reason to rush to the exit as households have .
If bank failures typically reflect real underlying problems , sensitive professional investors can be expected to react quickly when any whiff of panic is in the air .
You can , however , succeed in tickling yourself through an intermediary -- a machine , for instance , that translates the movements of your fingers into sensations on the skin by a method indirect enough for the cerebellum to be unable to anticipate them .
Yet can any `` development round '' worthy of its name ignore this challenge ?
Under what conditions can one reasonably hope to restart a multilateral agreement on investment ?
To remain relevant , the Bretton Woods institutions must fully adapt to the needs of the world 's rapidly emerging countries , and they can begin that process at this spring 's IMF-World Bank meetings in Washington .
The international community simply can not leave them to their own devices on such crucial issues without jeopardizing its own future .
But it can not be the sole purpose of international aid , nor of the World Bank .
The Bank should be able to work with them in the absence of sovereign guarantees , and increase its loan offerings in local currencies , since these partners can not afford currency risk .
To further `` crowd in '' the private sector , insurance and guarantees can help .
This is worrisome , because it is a symptom of two more significant ills .
Second , this poor performance shows how short-sighted the international community can be .
Indeed , in these elections the number of women candidates from all parties has visibly increased and so has female political overall activism .
This election is taking place because when the AKP party , the conservative party now in power , designated Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul as its candidate for president , the country 's secular elite cringed .
As a novelist , when writing in Turkish I can encounter more than eight different words to stand for the headscarf . Yemeni , türban , e?arp , çar?af , ... Each is different .
We in Turkey have been tackling the question of whether Islam can coexist with Western democracy for more than 150 years .
As the United States Congress begins to debate the Dominican Republic-Central American Free Trade Agreement -LRB- DR-CAFTA -RRB- , a titanic struggle between the forces of free trade and protectionism promises to unfold .
Consider pharmaceuticals . For American drug companies , this agreement extends the time period during which brand-name pharmaceuticals have exclusive access to markets , postponing the entry of generic drugs and thus limiting competition .
For Central Americans , the cost of drugs will soar , straining budgets and gutting health care . The result may be a death sentence for many .
The US exported paddy rice , for example , at a price almost 20 % lower than the cost of production in 2003 , making it impossible for Central Americans to compete .
In principle , workers can seek remedies by joining a union and bargaining collectively .
But this option is all but foreclosed , because union membership or organizing can lead to dismissal , blacklisting , violence , or worse .
A trade agreement such as this puts US and Central American workers in the same labor market .
They could just as easily take the high road : much evidence indicates that workers who are rewarded rather than victimized can contribute to greater competitiveness for firms in the long run .
Kennan maintained that the US should work to create a world that no one can dominate , and that the best way to spread democracy is to demonstrate its superiority .
Ramming democracy down people 's throats is self-defeating . Just as it produced a potent fusion of communism and anti-American nationalism in Southeast Asia and Latin America , it is now producing a similar combination of radical Islam and anti-American nationalism across the Middle East .
Terrorist groups can be minimized if their enabling states are contained .
Defenders of the Bush doctrine claim that this is impossible when they operate out of failed states that can not police their borders .
The other essential step is to place resolution of the Israel-Palestine conflict at the center of America 's foreign policy agenda . America must push for a solution that can garner the support of significant majorities of all the peoples between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean .
There is a widespread misperception that Islam 's holy texts are written in a way that can justify both interpretations .
Indeed , in my view , democracy is not only permitted by Islam , but can be regarded as a religious rule .
My understanding is drawn from a principle contained by the basic Islamic theory of legal reasoning , which asserts that when strong religious interests can be realized only through a particular path of action , that path itself is no longer a matter of choice .
Thus , if we can establish that democracy is the means to realize the strong interests of the Muslim community -- and I believe we can do this -- then democracy may be declared a religious duty in Islam .
Even if democracy might be viewed primarily as an evil from an Islamic point of view , there is another principle of interpretation of religious laws in Islam , according to which minor evils -- even if religiously impermissible or not recommended at first -- become permissible , recommended , and even mandatory if they alone can prevent major evils .
So religion can not be imposed ; individuals must practice it according to their own decisions .
This official effort to portray native `` Taiwanese '' as a separate ethnic group , with scant relation to Chinese culture , was extended to language , as Chen favored using the Fujian dialect in lieu of the Mandarin spoken by 1.3 billion Chinese and taught all over the world .
Taiwan 's people know that they can not prosper as a democracy if ethnic divisiveness is allowed to hold sway .
That flaw infects the heart of the `` One Country , Two Systems '' notion : the idea that genuine autonomy can exist in a country whose supreme leaders do not believe in rule by consent .
Now China 's communist rulers find themselves trapped in a bind . If they back Tung unconditionally for the rest of his term , they can look forward to the collapse of their long-term strategy to re-absorb Taiwan , for the alternative to peaceful reunification with Taiwan is coercion .
Their message to the government in Beijing is this : you can not take away our ethnicity but you have soiled our dignity through your barbarism .
Chen , as a sitting president , can not be indicted even though the prosecutor says that he has evidence to prove his guilt .
Chen can remain in office until his term ends in 2008 , or he could resign now in order to let his vice president and pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party -LRB- DPP -RRB- rebuild to win the next election .
Indeed , South Korea has shown how a poor country without natural resources can become a world-class economy .
Likewise , China has identified three of its universities as candidates to join the world 's top 10 in the near future .
Without quality education , there can not be a quality work force , and without that , no country can hope to compete in a world where the march of globalization can not be stopped .
To that end , the government is injecting public capital , while wealthy graduates are pouring in private money in the style of American alumni donors .
Foreign employers are appalled by the poor quality of Thailand 's education system , whose graduates have little foreign language proficiency and possess scant analytical skills .
In his new life as a `` non-politician , '' Thaksin can tell many of his business and political friends to chart a new course for Thailand , one that would help the country become a near `` tiger . ''
Or he can let history judge him even more harshly .
Money , therefore , is about trust , without which no society can function .
If we can not rely on the best auditors , can we continue to trust chartered accountants ?
America 's Crony Capitalism Buenos Aires -- For 20 years , Americans have denounced the `` crony capitalism '' of Third World countries , especially in Asia .
Chinese President Hu Jintao 's upcoming visit to the United States , postponed following hurricane Katrina , will be different from previous bilateral meetings .
This time , the countries ' presidents will meet at a time of intensive American attention to the US-China trade balance and other economic issues , such as protection of intellectual property rights .
With China 's US trade surplus reaching $ 200 billion last year , American sentiment is growing to take strong measures .
That is why China fascinates American investors , among others , and why US customers buy Chinese products .
But , even with China 's efforts to loosen the renminbi-dollar linkage , it is arguable whether revaluation could save American jobs or improve the US trade balance .
However , while the US government and American companies question whether the Chinese are willing and able to enforce such rights , one must put this issue into historical perspective .
While those meetings also highlighted trade disputes , they also yielded heightened cooperation and significant accomplishments .
Their coordinated efforts to divert North Korea peacefully from its nuclear course have also vindicated bilateral cooperation when both sides can define a common security stake .
Nevertheless , to American eyes , other contentious issues are now emerging in relations with China .
A mature bilateral relationship is one in which even difficult issues can be discussed routinely and promptly .
But it has yet to build a strong defense system that can respond effectively either to regional contingencies or to global needs .
Some Americans favor a uni-polar system in which the US dominates .
Such a Pax Americana would cost the country less to sustain , but the world would worry if America adopts a wrong policy , as has been the case in Iraq .
American leadership has been one of the war 's casualties .
China observes that on most security matters , the ESDP will -LRB- for now -RRB- mimic American security interests , because the EU and US share fundamental values of human rights and democracy .
But the ESDP , once fully developed , will not necessarily follow America 's lead unconditionally , especially if American policy continues to deviate from the norm of international law , as in Iraq .
The EU works with either non-EU states , such as NATO members like Canada , Norway , and Turkey , or applicants for EU membership .
The ESDP cooperates with the UN and other regional organizations , such as the African Union and ASEAN .
Specifically , global credit creation by the regular and shadow banking systems is likely to be significantly larger than the sum of the credit creation currently measured by national statistics .
The Assembly 's first responsibility will be to draft a new constitution that can help reunify Nepal 's disparate communities .
The attack on Khodorkovsky clearly demonstrates that prosecutors and courts can readily be manipulated by the politically powerful .
But their activities are insignificant , primarily because Russia 's megarich tend to be more concerned with their reputations in the West than at home .
A joke making rounds in Moscow nowadays goes like this : Americans did n't know who their President was two months after their last presidential election , but we Russians knew who was going to occupy the Kremlin two years before our recent election .
Paradoxically , because Putin 's `` strong '' leadership incorporates liberals and even democrats so as to preserve a pro-Western façade , a truly liberal opposition can not emerge .
But appearances can deceive , for the legacy of Putin 's first term is that he is losing his fight with the state apparatus that he inherited .
Under the current soft authoritarian regime , I can see only one rather negative scenario for the future : authentic , full-fledged dictatorship .
Failure , moreover , will likely bring with it a split in the political class , making it very difficult to find a single candidate to become Putin 's successor .
Yet the wall and the second phase of the roadmap , which calls for a Palestinian state with provisional borders , can not co-exist .
But , according to research by Robert Benewick , a professor at the University of Sussex in England , village elections have been growing more competitive , with a greater number of independent candidates and increasing use of the secret ballot .
Competitive elections for lower-level party posts have already been held , with votes for provincial and national party congresses showing electoral slates with 15-30 % more candidates than positions .
Unsuccessful firms are tossed aside to make way for new and better firms , and individuals who become economically less productive -LRB- often through no fault of their own -RRB- can also be `` discarded '' by the market , their careers interrupted and their investments cut to a fraction of their previous value .
Theoretically , homeowners can use these new instruments to protect themselves against their home losing value .
Many risks are gradually being added to the list of those that can be insured against .
As a result , our mechanisms for dealing with risk can become increasingly differentiated and complex .
Two worries arise most often : globalization , which makes jobs migrate to poorer regions , and computer technology , which can make them disappear altogether .
A half-century later , nothing really bad happened to any major segment of our population that can be blamed on computers .
Financial markets will have to be broadened , so that people and businesses can better hedge their risks .
The problem is that basic scientific research is mostly a public good that can not be withheld from those who use it and which seeps into the body of scientific know-how in unanticipated ways .
Top scientists , sheltered by anonymity , can usually spot originality and can judge which scientific ideas have real value .
In the 1940 's , Vannevar Bush , a dean at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and science advisor to President Roosevelt , advocated the creation of a government agency that would dramatically expand the impact of peer review by using it to allocate significant financial support to research enterprises .
Smaller countries face difficulties in ensuring anonymity : the number of qualified scientists within a specific field may be so small that researchers can easily guess who reviews which proposals , and powerful figures can retaliate for negative evaluations of their unpromising research ideas .
Similar changes can be expected in other countries , as the importance of scientific competition and entrepreneurship becomes better understood .
There can be no free market for basic science in the literal sense of the term . But the benefits of markets can and should be pursued by other means .
But , there are reasons to believe that higher interest rates , even though expected , can have a negative impact on home prices . That is because home buyers are mostly ordinary people with little financial sophistication , unlike the professionals who trade in stocks .
Untrained people with other things on their minds can make serious economic errors .
People with fixed-rate mortgages are also vulnerable to rate increases , though less directly . This is because if they have to move and sell their house , there may be no buyers who can afford higher interest payments , unless the home 's price also falls .
Earlier this year , I surveyed people who recently bought homes in four American cities .
They want to figure out how they can compete with Chinese or Indian workers who have the same , or better , education .
Despite bravado about American superiority , the students themselves do not seem to feel superior , and wonder if they will be living emerging-country lives of their own in coming years .
Oil prices are now running well above $ 50 a barrel , partly owing to short-run supply shocks , such as the Iraq conflict , Nigerian labor disputes , the conflict between Yukos Oil and the Russian government , and Florida 's recent hurricanes .
Even a temporary spike in oil prices can have long-term effects because of the social reactions they provoke .
The outcome of any public discussion can never be known with certainty , but chances are that it will amplify stories that imply risks of higher oil prices .
To be sure , sharing ownership can help employee morale . But it also creates an unhealthy concentration of risks : not only the employee 's job , but also his assets now depend on the company 's fate .
The scandal at Enron , in its final days , was that management prevented employees from selling their Enron shares while executives unloaded their own shares .
Local unions need to be involved , for the issues involved are specific to companies and workers , and can not be resolved by governments alone .
A market for real estate derivatives that can help balance these risks is only just beginning to appear .
In 1999 , we co-founded a firm , Macro Securities Research , LLC , to promote the development of such institutions , working with the American Stock Exchange to create securities that would allow people to manage real estate as well as other risks .
Early this month , the Chicago Mercantile Exchange announced that it will also work with us to explore the development of futures markets in US metropolitan-area home prices .
Insurance companies and mortgage companies ought to be willing to offer such products if they can hedge the home-price risks in liquid derivative markets .
To deal with disasters more effectively , countries must find the will to create an environment in which a much more developed private insurance industry can flourish .
The insurance industry can , and should , respond to the tsunami disaster by accepting the moral imperative to take concerted action to expand risk coverage .
To the extent that governments are involved , they can promote better risk management through responsive regulation and even subsidization of experiments with new private insurance products .
What good is a longer life if we can not maintain our standard of living ?
But pension funds can not do this , because they risk running out of money if , on average , people turn out to live longer than expected .
As a result , private companies do not offer life annuities at attractive rates , because they can not be reasonably sure that they can fulfill their promises unless they are significantly overcapitalized .
Moreover , it is not clear that the EIB can get further help from reinsurers in managing the risks it assumes by issuing such bonds because reinsurers do not yet see how they can fully hedge the risks involved .
The slow launch of longevity bonds ultimately reflects a fundamental question : can we genuinely reduce the impact of longevity risk ?
We thus need a large and liquid market for longevity risk so that these different groups can creatively share their risks with each other .
In fact , creating such a market is the most important step we can take to address longevity risk , for we could then discover its true price , allowing myriad business decisions involving longevity to be made more efficiently .
In his celebrated 2002 book Stocks for the Long Run , Jeremy Siegel shows that the American stock market returned 6.9 % per year in real terms between 1802 and 2001 .
Of course , if one looks at many different investment strategies and many different countries , one can find something that performed spectacularly in the past , even if there is no strategy that can be expected to do so well in the future .
The twenty-first century will be different in ways that we can not fathom today .
The G-8 finance ministers have agreed to cancel $ 40 billion of debt owed by eighteen of the world 's poorest countries .
The most notable is a significant movement towards providing finely focused risk-management services to the poor , which could ultimately prove to be worth far more than $ 40 billion .
Good fortune and bad fortune alternate randomly , and the poorest people are particularly vulnerable when misfortune -- like a hurricane in a fishing village -- strikes .
So risk management , by smoothing out bumps in income , can be extremely important in alleviating the effects of poverty .
The moral hazard implicit in crop insurance can be addressed by making payouts depend not on the actual crop failure but on the bad weather that caused it .
Since the farmer can not influence the weather , there is no moral hazard .
Different crops are affected differently , and weather insurance must take account of a farm 's various crops and when they were planted -- complexities that modern information technology can solve .
Similar work is underway in Africa , led by the World Bank and in Central America various countries ' governments are collaborating with the Inter-American Development Bank and the Central American Bank for Economic Integration .
But can an emerging economy invest too much ?
It would thus appear that there is nothing wrong with China continuing to buy new equipment , build new factories , and construct new roads and bridges as fast as its can .
The faster , the better , so that the billion or so people there who have not yet reached prosperity by world standards can get there within their lifetimes .
Some universal human weaknesses can result in irrational behavior during an economic boom .
At times like these , people can easily imagine that an apartment in Shanghai will be worth some enormous amount in 10 or 20 years , when China is vastly more prosperous than it is today .
But when the ultimate determinants of values today become so dependent on a distant future that we can not see clearly , we may not be able to think clearly , either .
This can lead people to make serious mistakes , paying more for long-term assets than they should , even assuming that the economy will perform spectacularly well in the future .
They can overextend their finances , fall victim to promotions , invest carelessly in the wrong assets , and direct production into regions and activities on the basis of momentary excitement rather than calculation of economic fundamentals .
Silence can be presumed to be tacit acceptance that rapid increases in long-term asset price are warranted .
National leaders must speak out , and they must match their words with concrete actions , to help signal to the public that the speculative bubble can not be expected to continue .
Ben Bernanke , the Chairman of President George W. Bush 's Council of Economic Advisors and a likely candidate to succeed Alan Greenspan as the Federal Reserve 's chairman in January , has called the decline in real interest rates over just the last decade a `` global savings glut . ''
In a March 2005 speech , Bernanke argued that this `` glut '' helps explain several features of the American economy , possibly including the enormous fiscal and trade deficits .
That recession was destructive , but it had one silver lining : an inspiration to the world that an independent central bank can take tough measures to ensure price stability .
The vacation-home boom appears psychologically tied to the urban home-price bubble in many of the world 's `` glamour cities , '' and prices of these vacation homes are similarly vulnerable to a significant drop in coming years .
No economic strategy can change that , even if it produces spectacular GDP growth .
Given widespread apathy about changes in consumer prices , the modest success of a new market to hedge inflation risk , the European inflation futures market at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange -LRB- CME -RRB- , is noteworthy .
By purchasing or selling it , companies and individuals can protect themselves against losses stemming from changes in the value of their currency .
This failure can be explained only by the money illusion , which ultimately is connected with what psychologists call `` framing . ''
Indexed units of account are not a new idea ; Chile 's government led the way in 1967 by creating the Unidad de Fomento -LRB- UF -RRB- , and other Latin American countries have followed suit .
Indeed , this is also why an American exchange can make a market for European inflation ; with new information technology , it no longer matters where people live .
This should help popularize indexed units of account , too , since computer technology can now handle all the calculations involved in translating them into currency .
His views represent , as much as can be expected , a consensus among those who have studied the issues carefully .
A central bank can pull the string -LRB- raise interest rates -RRB- to rein in an economy that is galloping ahead unsustainably .
But it can not push the string up : if economic growth stalls , as when confidence is seriously damaged , lowering interest rates may not be enough to stimulate demand .
In that case , a recession can occur despite the central bank 's best efforts .
But Bernanke 's impressive research on the Great Depression does not mean that he can prevent the next recession or depression , for stopping deflation hardly solves all problems .
A 2005 study headed by Guillermo Calvo , Chief Economist for the Inter-American Development Bank , found important similarities between the Great Depression of the 1930 's and economic crises since 1980 in 31 emerging countries .
Despite all the intellectual applause , however , wage insurance programs are still not a significant force in the world economy .
In pondering this question , the case of Mexico-neither an economic tiger like China or Singapore nor a sluggard like many African and Carribean countries-may be especially instructive .
On a recent trip to Mexico I spoke to many Mexicans about the state of their economy and about their hopes for the future .
What I heard suggested that the dominant feeling for most Mexicans is one of a great uncertainty about their future-perhaps the very uncertainty at the root of our imperfect knowledge about growth in general .
Mexicans seem to believe that they could be living at close to US living standards in another few decades .
This mixture of optimism and fear applies to everyone , Mexican businesses and Mexican families alike .
The 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement -LRB- NAFTA -RRB- between Mexico , the US , and Canada helped Mexico 's economy recover quickly from the 1994-95 peso crisis .
Once again , Mexicans can thank NAFTA for the quick recovery .
With over 20 million Mexicans in the US already , and with Hispanic voters so potent a political force that President Bush makes a show of speaking Spanish , that commitment appears genuine .
But alongside those strong grounds for optimism are significant worries .
As Pedro Aspe , a much-admired former finance minister , emphasized to me , NAFTA did give a sudden boost to Mexico 's economy at the outset . Labor productivity soared , as Mexicans were forced to adapt to the rules of the US economy in order to compete .
Mexican productivity growth has since fallen back to its levels in the 1980 's .
Mexicans also point to their economy 's disappointing growth on a per capita basis since 1982 .
It was also a time when many Mexicans were abandoning their economy and leaving to work in the US . The situation would have been even worse had this safety valve not been in place
Why , Mexicans ask , should their country 's growth have been so disappointing-and this just as they were establishing free-market institutions , privatizing assets , and developing a more robust democracy ?
But Mexico has recently also shown a sharp decline in population growth rates , as Mexican women opt for more birth control and smaller families .
China 's much lower labor costs mean that Mexican jobs and income levels are directly at risk .
Mexican autoworkers earn three times as much as Chinese autoworkers .
Worse , no one can be sure that such setbacks will not occur again .
This means that personal and family connections mean a lot more in Mexican business than they do elsewhere , which prevents people from moving freely through the economy to exploit their personal talents .
Mexicans generally do not want to go to college abroad because they would miss opportunities to form the necessary bonds with other Mexicans .
Little wonder , then , that Mexicans express fundamental uncertainty about where their country is heading .
According to recent World Values Surveys , 96.7 % of Chinese expressed confidence in their government , compared to only 37.3 % of Americans .
Likewise , 83.5 % of Chinese thought their country is run for all the people , rather than for a few big interest groups , whereas only 36.7 % of Americans thought the same of their country .
Moreover , while economic inequality is on the rise in both countries , Chinese and Americans comprehend this very differently .
But the boom generated by such beliefs can not go on forever , because prices ca n't go up forever , and there are already signs of a hard landing .
The new futures market for single-family homes at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange -LRB- which I helped establish last May with our firm MacroMarkets LLC -RRB- is predicting that by next August prices will fall between 6 % and 8 % in all ten US cities traded .
But , of course , housing prices can only rise so fast .
Over a period of years , as people see how much new supply there is , they may begin to revise their view that homes are such a terrific investment , causing a gradual , but eventually significant , drop in home prices .
People who could not afford to send their children to a good school or college now can .
Economic performance in several Latin American countries was relatively weak in this period , with Uruguay 's real GDP per capita actually recording a fall by a fraction of a percent .
According to my calculations comparing 1958 and 2005 data from the US Department of Commerce , Americans spent 27 % of the huge increase in income between 1958 and 2005 on medical care , 23 % on their homes , 12 % on transportation , 10 % on recreation , and 9 % on personal business activities .
In fact , 50 years ago , in his classic book Social Theory and Social Structure , the late sociologist Robert K. Merton described the results of a case study of influential people in a typical American town , Rovere , New Jersey .
As a sociologist , he chose this tiny town to study how people relate to each other and influence each other , just as biologists study tiny worms with only a few hundred cells so that they can study how each cell relates to an organism as a whole .
As he and his assistants interviewed people , the division between the two groups became more intriguing , and significant , in his mind .
As far as I can determine in talking with him , his purpose is entirely high-minded .
But if a real emergency arises , they can get their money .
They may get lost for a while , and initially they may sound strange when they are rediscovered , but people like Yunus and Tufano show that they can be updated and implemented with the help of disinterested but passionate advocacy .
Their inherent spirit of goodwill , and the goodwill they can inspire from other financial professionals , holds out the hope of a brighter future to everyone , especially those who are most in need .
As Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh put it at the International Conference of Dalits and Minorities , held in New Delhi in December , `` Even as absolute poverty may be reduced by growth , inequalities can get sharpened .
This can be politically and socially extremely destabilizing . ''
Lawyers write a lot of contracts , and courts spend a lot of time enforcing them , but these institutions can not cover everything .
But the business world is built on our intuitive knowledge of when we can trust people fairly well and when we ca n't trust them much at all .
By contrast , when inequality is perceived as the result of a breakdown in trusting relationships , it can lead to bitterness , and , ultimately , social unrest .
Capitalists put their money where they think it can get the highest return ; that is what we call speculation .
To do this profitably , they can not afford to let patriotism or sentiment interfere .
Deniers of the problem -- such as economist Jagdish Baghwati -- can not prove that the worst will not happen .
We ought to prepare for the possibility of massive turmoil in our economies in coming years , even if we can not prove that it will happen , just as we should take steps against global warming , even if some scientists doubt that it is a problem .
He wants the government to subsidize `` personally-delivered service '' jobs , which can not be delivered over the Internet , to encourage the expansion of such jobs instead of `` impersonally-delivered services . ''
Government can promote the democratization of such institutions so that they protect people from the very risks that they are worrying most about .
Moreover , government can make our social insurance -LRB- a government institution that complements private insurance -RRB- more incentive-compatible and better at managing risks -- and not just the risks of the extreme losers -- by , say , launching inequality-indexation of the tax system .
And governments should improve our information infrastructure , so that financial contracts can better capture the outcomes of economic risks .
So Sarkozy should n't be lashing out against `` speculative capitalism . '' On the contrary , he should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that his campaign has highlighted .
Many people view the superstar city theory as confirming their hunch that , despite the current slowdown in home prices elsewhere -LRB- particularly in the United States -RRB- , investors can expect to make huge long-term gains by buying homes in these cities , even though the homes there are already expensive .
If expectations of rapid and steady future price increases are important motivating factors , then the price level is inherently unstable , because prices can not rise forever .
In comparison , the inflation-corrected Shanghai Composite only doubled during this period , while the American stock market , as measured by the inflation-corrected Standard and Poor 's 500 , increased only 50 % .
Nevertheless , given corruption scandals involving prominent government figures that have come to light over the past few years , it is natural to wonder why the stock market has remained so strong .
Why have n't the stories of corruption caused a crisis , as similar scandals did in Korea and Malaysia during the Asian financial crisis in 1997-98 ?
Indeed , while the scandals have shaken the government , Lula was overwhelmingly reelected last year , and investors continue to pour money into the stock market .
One reason is that the corruption scandals have provided an opportunity for investors to see Brazilian freedom of speech and democracy in action .
Newspapers and television commentators have been relentless in reporting the scandals , helping to prove to Brazilians and foreign investors alike that the political system is sufficiently stable to withstand open criticism .
Liquid assets are assets that resemble cash , because they can easily be converted into cash and used to buy other assets .
So its popular use seems not to reflect anything we can put our finger on , but instead a general feeling that markets are bubbly and a lack of confidence in their levels .
Alan Greenspan , the former Fed chairman , recently said that he now believes that speculative bubbles are important driving forces in our economy , but that , at the same time , the world 's monetary authorities can not control bubbles .
Psychology need only change enough to bring about a drop in consumption or investment growth of a percentage point or so of world GDP , and market repercussions can do the rest .
Of course , while complicated financial arrangements allow us to move forward economically , they also can create hazards .
These investors can , in turn , be encouraged when financial hedging devices and financial diversification protect them .
Mayhew concluded that it is rather difficult to tell whether derivative markets worsen financial-market volatility , because their creation tends to come when existing financial markets already are more volatile , or can be predicted to become so .
But others -- those involved with the securitization of mortgages -- were clearly important long-run innovations , because they can help spread risks better around the world .
We have seen photographs of hurricane and typhoon activity due to global warming , affecting people in Louisiana or Myanmar .
Sinn shows that the combined effects of the German tax and social welfare system virtually guarantee that no breadwinner in a family with two children can end up with less than ¤ 1,500 a month , even without working at all .
Sinn estimates that an East German family on welfare can collect four times the average income of a family in Poland and six times the income of a family in Hungary .
The stunning magnitude of recent declines can not be dismissed as a one-day anomaly caused by a technical trading glitch .
Similarly , Mexico 's stock market performed about as badly as it did during the worst week of the Mexican financial crisis in 1995 , and Argentina 's stock market roughly matched the worst weekly drop during the country 's financial crisis of 1997-2002 .
Perhaps the saving grace in this situation is that animal spirits can and sometimes do change direction .
Confidence is a psychological phenomenon , and can make seemingly capricious jumps up as well as down .
The futures market at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange is now predicting declines of around 15 % more before the prices bottom out in 2010 .
There is no theory in economics that provides a reason to think that prices in these markets can only go up .
The booms in these markets can be traced substantially to the growth of the idea that one should always continually hold as many of these assets as possible , just as that you should drink green tea or eat dark chocolate every day for antioxidants .
But their belief can suddenly be disrupted if plainly visible events contradict it .
Governments are in a good position to create new risk-management policies , and they can then set an example for private insurers to follow .
One problem with market-based policies is strategic adoption and cancellation .
The price of the insurance would have to be adjusted regularly to adjust for varying public knowledge of the likelihood of a recession , and people could not be allowed to cancel their policies , and stop making payments , whenever the economic outlook became rosier .
The only insurance that people might think they can afford could carry a large deductible , and if the deductible is very large , people might not feel so reassured by this insurance .
Every major country of the world has abundant land in the form of farms and forests , much of which can be converted someday into urban land .
Of course , such land may not be in desirable locations today , but desirable locations can be created by urban planning .
Home prices can not have shown such increases over long time periods , for then no one could afford a home .
It can be applied with care in areas where the consequences of violating Savage 's axiom are not too severe .
Milton Friedman -LRB- Savage 's mentor and co-author -RRB- and Anna J. Schwartz , in their 1963 book A Monetary History of the United States , showed that monetary-policy anomalies -- a prime example of an external shock -- were a significant factor in the Great Depression of the 1930 's .
Only then will monetary authorities gain a better understanding of when and how bubbles can derail an economy , and what can be done to prevent that outcome .
In some cases 100 homes can , in effect , be stacked on one another .
Economists do this because in most places direct sales of vacant urban land are rare , and often involve unusual places or unusual circumstances , that make such sales unrepresentative of land values underneath homes .
So how , beyond mere rhetoric , can governments promote creativity ?
This approach can result in large rewards for important inventions -- precisely what is needed if maximum incentive is to be given to people to develop bold new concepts -- and has served us well over the centuries since 1624 .
While previously most patentable inventions were produced in laboratories , with business-method patents the rewards for creativity can now motivate all kinds of people throughout a business organization .
But generating enough liquidity implies huge expenses : the public must be educated to understand the concept of risk management and overcome serious psychological barriers before it can be persuaded of the usefulness of the new instruments .
In 1993 , the American Stock Exchange -LRB- AMEX -RRB- expended considerable resources to develop and promote its new concept of an exchange-traded fund -LRB- ETF -RRB- , with its first embodiment as Standard & Poor 's Depository Receipts -LRB- SPDR 's -RRB- .
In these cases , too many patents can drive up licensing and legal costs prohibitively , lowering the payoffs to inventors and discouraging them from innovating .
NEW HAVEN -- Those labels that you see on packaged foods listing their ingredients and nutritional values had their beginnings in an international scandal and in the efforts by governments to deal constructively with the public outrage that followed .
The scandal erupted with the publication in 1906 of Upton Sinclair 's novel The Jungle , a bestseller that detailed the experiences of a Lithuanian immigrant family working in America 's meatpacking industry .
Indeed , the scandal set in motion a sequence of laws in countries around the world that today require food labeling to go beyond mere lists of ingredients to include information about the vitamins , minerals , and calories that products contain .
The history of legislative reform is substantially a punctuated equilibrium , with long periods of time during which public apathy prevents any progress , interrupted by scandals that suddenly make progress possible .
We have to hope that the same kind of outcome will emerge from the financial scandals that have produced public outrage analogous to that directed at the food industries in Upton Sinclair 's day .
Of course , existing regulations require that a significant amount of information be disclosed in prospectuses for financial products .
This is because most investors overreact to past returns , shifting their money around in a largely futile effort to channel it to managers who can beat the market .
This requirement is analogous to that of nutrition labeling , which does not allow listing of nutritional quantities that are not significant in the usual serving size .
Public outcry at a time of scandal forced progressive change then ; we should hope that it does so now .
Snow echoed his boss . `` The American economy is coiled like a spring and ready to go , '' he chirped in 2003 .
Two years later , near the very height of the bubbles in the equity and housing markets , he declared that , `` We can be pleased that the economy is on a good and sustainable path . ''
According to the Reinharts ' paper , when compared to the decade that precedes financial crises like the one that started three years ago , `` GDP growth and housing prices are significantly lower and unemployment higher '' in the subsequent `` ten-year window . ''
But it is still not so sharp a theory that we can really rely on it for making confident forecasts .
This is an economic fact of fundamental significance , for the real long-term interest rate is a direct measure of the cost of borrowing to conduct business , launch new enterprises , or expand existing ones -- and its levels now fly in the face of all the talk about the need to slash government deficits .
If inflation is also 4 % per year , I can borrow for free -- and for less than nothing if annual inflation turns out to be higher .
But such forecasts of `` implied inflation '' can be wild , if not absurd .
One may ask : how can an interest rate be negative ?
One can never have negative nominal interest rates -LRB- except through some oddity of taxes or regulations -RRB- , since lenders would rather hold their cash than effectively pay borrowers .
Moreover , unlike private firms , governments can count as profits on their investments the benefits of positive externalities -LRB- benefits that accrue to everyone -RRB- .
But my favorite dark-horse bubble candidate for the next decade or so is farmland -- and not just because there have been stories in recent months of booming farmland prices in the US and the United Kingdom .
Before the disaster , Japan issued about $ 1.5 billion in earthquake-related catastrophe bonds as a risk-management device : the debt is canceled if a precisely defined seismic event occurs .
Of course , compared to Japan 's two `` lost decades '' since 1990 , even this year 's triple disaster pales in significance .
There is nothing we can do now to compensate for failures to manage risks in the past .
But disasters and economic crises can have a silver lining if they spur fundamental innovation by forcing us to think about how to manage risks in the future .
A year is the time that it takes for the earth to orbit the sun , which , except for seasonal industries like agriculture , has no particular economic significance .
Speaking from personal experience , I have to say that they can , because even I , a professional economist , have occasionally had to stop myself from making exactly the same error .
And loss of confidence , by discouraging consumption and investment , can be a self-fulfilling prophecy , causing the economic weakness that is feared .
Significant drops in consumer-confidence indices in Europe and North America already reflect this perverse dynamic .
We now have a daily index for the US , the Gallup Economic Confidence Index , so we can pinpoint changes in confidence over time .
The Consumer Sentiment Survey of Americans , created by George Katona at the University of Michigan in the early 1950 's , and known today as the Thomson-Reuters University of Michigan Surveys of Consumers , has included a remarkable question about the reasonably long-term future , five years hence , and asks about visceral fears concerning that period :
That said , the economic outlook can never be fully analyzed with conventional statistical models , for it may hinge on something that such models do not include : our finding some way to replace one narrative -- currently a tale of out-of-control debt -- with a more inspiring story .
Why has the US stock market done so well in recent months -- the Dow increased over 30 % since its low on March 11 , 2003 , and closed above 10,000 on December 11 -- even with the media reporting one financial scandal after another ?
The excessive optimism of the late 1990 's lingers , so investors are more impressed by the recent upsurge in corporate earnings -- seen as confirming their optimism -- than they are by the financial scandals .
Next to the $ 100 billion annual rise in after-tax corporate profits in the US in 2003 , the scandals look puny .
Indeed , the scandals look even punier when one realizes that the list of crooked US companies , like Enron , is short .
Paradoxically , the scandals themselves have highlighted America 's strong regulatory system .
This vigilance is also reflected in the prompt legislative response to recent financial scandals .
The SEC 's fiscal 2004 budget set by the House spending bill is $ 811 million , roughly twice as much as it was before the scandals surfaced .
The market may not value US stocks perfectly , but it is not irrational to believe that the corporate scandals are not a major factor .
We are also more afraid of well-publicized risks - especially those that can kill us in grisly ways .
After the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in the US , many Americans drove to distant locations rather than fly , even though statistics showed that flying remained far safer .
Meanwhile , many of these same people were probably among the millions of Americans who did n't get an annual medical check-up .
To fully comprehend risk , we must stretch our imagination to think of all the different ways that things can go wrong , including things that have not happened in recent memory .
But no one who looks at the matter seriously can argue that the tremendous inequality between the world 's nations reflects fundamental differences in inherent ability or immutable character .
Can anyone believe that this is because Americans are 14 times smarter or 14 times better in character than Indians ?
Obviously , these two countries ' relative positions are due to circumstances that can be changed , or that will change in response to economic events and political decisions .
The Summit of Low Expectations SAN DIEGO -- In the run-up to President Barack Obama 's first visit to China next month , American and Chinese diplomats have been compiling lists of ongoing cooperative endeavors in case no new agreements materialize .
Whereas agreements require hard work on both sides , the Americans are having a difficult time negotiating their country 's domestic political obstacles in time to engage effectively with China .
Without any credible commitments by America , how can Obama ask China to do more ?
The best that can be hoped for are serious joint research and development projects , such as collaboration on carbon capture and sequestration , aimed at demonstrating that both leaders are at least pulling in the same direction in addressing climate change .
The Chinese acknowledge that they enabled Americans to borrow and spend beyond their means by parking China 's massive foreign reserves in US government securities .
In fact , both sides should be working to recalibrate their bilateral imbalances : Americans should spend less and save more , and Chinese should spend more and save less .
But if Obama presses Hu to revalue the Chinese currency as the best way to achieve recalibration , Hu is likely to push back , asking Obama what he intends to do to stem the massive US deficits that will cause inflation and reduce the value of investments by Chinese and others in American securities .
Based on their own experience over the past 30 years , the Chinese know how economic reform and liberalization can change a country 's perception of its self-interests and stance toward the world .
The contract , awarded again to a secretive American firm , will keep US planes flying over Afghanistan , which is the paramount American goal in the region .
Indeed , the policy has emboldened pro-Russian politicians who would love nothing more than to see the Americans kicked out of Kyrgyzstan .
In a February meeting , the US ambassador to Kyrgyzstan asked her Chinese counterpart about reports that China had offered to pay Kyrgyzstan $ 3 billion if the Kyrgyz shut down the American base . The two diplomats were conversing in Russian .
In Iraq , for instance , young American officers walked around with wads of cash to buy the allegiance of wavering insurgents .
Bases that exist at the whim of mercurial regimes can not be a foundation for America 's security .
Local and Western pro-democracy advocates say that US officials in Uzbekistan have shown scant interest in their concerns .
When this happens , seed is transformed from being a common good into being the `` intellectual property '' of companies such as Monsanto , for which the corporation can claim limitless profits through royalty payments .
In fact , the allusion to space exploration has another dimension : the achievements of any great are not bound to one 's time or place of origin and can be transmitted to other cultures and generations .
But that renewed Sino-Russian marriage always smacked more of convenience -- aimed as it was at checking American hegemony -- than of true romance .
Moreover , Russia 's efforts to gain monopoly control of the gas pipeline networks across Eurasia pose a direct danger for China , because monopolists can not only gouge their consumers , but also shut off supplies for political purposes , as Russia has done repeatedly over the past two decades .
Still , he can be credited for some tangible results in bringing Chechnya a modicum of normality .
Under the circumstances , South Africa and the Southern African Development Community -LRB- SADC -RRB- urgently need to reappraise their approach not only to Mugabe , but to how they will deal with any uncontested election .
A host of declarations adopted over the years by the SADC and the African Union address the conduct of elections on the continent .
These include the SADC Principles and Guidelines Governing Democratic Elections -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , the African Charter on Democracy , Elections , and Governance -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , and the Declaration on the Principles Governing Democratic Elections in Africa -LRB- 2002 -RRB- .
Regional institutions can entrench themselves only if their members promote adherence to the spirit and letter of their legal frameworks .
South Africa has a vested interest in stability , and it can turn the screws on Mugabe 's regime , much as it has refused to contemplate any form of sanctions because of their impact on the poor .
It should dispatch an eminent persons ' group of senior African and other international leaders to Zimbabwe , as well as peace monitors to ensure that the government complies with these demands .
Mbeki and other SADC leaders should recognize a key point . According to legal opinions commissioned by the Southern African Litigation Center , Zimbabwe 's Electoral Act holds that the delay or absence of a lawful run-off means that the candidate who obtained the most votes in the election of March 29 , 2008 , has been duly elected as President .
Moreover , South Africa was instrumental in drafting the declaration on unconstitutional changes of government , adopted by the Organization of African Unity , the AU 's predecessor , in 1999 .
None of this is easy , but South Africa must now act decisively in order to polish its tarnished image as a responsible regional power . `` Business as usual '' is no longer a viable approach for South African foreign policy .
A G8 commitment to the global carbon market will foster long-term financing beyond 2012 . Such carbon finance can also tackle deforestation , which represents about 20 % of the global CO2 emissions causing climate change .
A forest carbon facility can reward forest conservation as a means of protecting the climate while also preserving ecosystems and generating income for poor communities in developing countries .
An expanded carbon market can help pay for a transformation to a low carbon economy , but it wo n't be enough .
If we can help them get on a low carbon path , we will have taken a giant step forward in preserving and protecting our planet while enabling them to reduce poverty and offer their citizens a better future .
The meeting in Heiligendamm can advance the commitments made at Gleneagles two years ago and bring the world closer to a more sustainable future .
On September 21 , 1832 , in Boston 's Franklin Hall , the first American woman to deliver a public lecture , Maria Stewart , shocked the town when she stood and spoke .
If Mrs. Stewart , herself an African-American , knew what we know about development today , her demand would be the same now as it was then .
One can only imagine how dire conditions may be in the 93 countries for which no data on the topic even exist .
Innovative initiatives providing rural child care mean that girls can go to school , and basic public health provision -- such as de-worming -- attracts chronically sick children to the classroom for both learning and healing .
In a proud moment for Americans , last week President George W. Bush provided an example of strong leadership by demanding of Congress and US taxpayers significantly more money -- $ 15 billion to start -- for health care for the poor .
Let them assume the leadership that we all see is possible , inspired anew by the opening words of Maria Stewart 's historic speech : `` Oh , do not say you can not make anything of your children ; but say , with the help and assistance of God , we will try . ''
WARSAW -- As a long-time observer of American politics , I know that United States senators will decide whether to ratify New START , the arms control treaty with Russia negotiated this year , on the basis of a thorough evaluation of their country 's national interests .
As the democratically elected representatives of the American people , they alone can determine what those interests are .
It will be particularly significant for Poland , a staunch ally of the US in NATO .
As a result , Polish-Russian relations have improved significantly over the last three years -- no easy feat , given the burden of our shared history .
Ratification of New START will increase mutual trust and show that the West and Russia , despite our disagreements , can work together on issues critical to our common security .
How can civilian , democratic control of the army and police be secured ?
Today 's Arab reformers thus can draw on our successes -- and avoid our mistakes .
Not all popular demands for freedom succeed : in the confusion , reactionary forces can make their move .
This measured , inclusive reform can be a model for others .
First , Libya 's TNC is the best bet we can make now for Libya 's future . Its leaders are cooperating in an effort to bring about real reform in a way that was unthinkable a few months ago .
Second , while Europe has much to offer its North African neighbors in terms of financial support , advice , and training , the region needs to find its own path to freedom and success .
Europe 's former communist countries can make a special contribution to the process of transition across North Africa .
As a result , painful policy dilemmas arise , and they can divide even the closest allies .
How best to respond if some states can not or will not take the necessary steps to thwart terrorist planning on their territory ?
The sheer nihilistic irrationality of terrorism strains and tests our own beliefs like nothing else can .
Even well-intentioned social policies can have unwelcome consequences .
But the main lesson of 9\/11 is that in any free society a tiny number of people can exploit their freedom and do vast damage , especially when the underlying motivation is incoherent .
Of course , the democratic world can not build a bomb-proof house .
But we can minimize risk by remaining vigilant and upholding at all times the values on which our societies are based .
But American spending habits have undermined the dollar 's reputation , with the excess supply of dollars on world markets depressing its price .
American financial supremacy in the twenty-first century resembles Britain 's position in world finance a century ago .
But Treasury Secretary William G. McAdoo secured American financial honor in August 1914 by remaining true to gold while everyone else , except for the British , abandoned their obligations .
The British were forced to abandon gold convertibility in April 1919 -- a tactical withdrawal intended to pave the way for Britain 's return to the former $ 4.8665 parity with the American dollar .
The experience of 1914 implies that a credible alternative can replace an entrenched world currency , especially after an unfavorable balance of trade has weakened it .
But the commitment of these independent political entities to the euro can not match the history of America 's commitment to the dollar .
It can not hitch a ride on gold , the way America did a century ago .
Of course , one can only hope that such a scenario remains pure conjecture .
Moreover , with Yemen 's government imploding across the Red Sea , the Horn of Africa 's strategic significance for maritime oil transport has become a primary global security concern . In short , the Horn of Africa is too important to ignore or to misunderstand .
Although there is much that we can and will do to help ourselves , the Horn of Africa can still benefit from international assistance . But the international community needs to do more than provide food and medicine to victims of famine and drought .
Our successful democratic experiment is being ignored in part because of a hoary ruling a half-century ago by the Organization of African Unity , the precursor to today 's African Union . Back then , with the recent demise of the colonial empires stoking fears of tribal rivalries and countless civil wars , the OAU ruled that the frontiers drawn up by the imperial powers should be respected in perpetuity .
That taboo still claims routine support from many African leaders . And yet Eritrea 's secession from Ethiopia did not lead to other breakaway movements in Africa .
International law is of no help here ; indeed , the World Court has offered only scant guidance .
Often , however , the EU can not respond or can do so only slowly , because its structure obstructs quick decisions and fast action .
Democracy in the EU can not be guaranteed by the models and rules that apply in the member states .
But , assuming that the obstacle thrown up by Ireland 's voters can be overcome , experience has shown that the EU 's future evolution will be marked by increasingly centralized power in Brussels and the retreat of individual states .
But there are limits to what the EU can do , limits determined by the Union 's inter-governmental nature .
The expansion of the moral circle could be about to take a significant step forwards .
They can solve complex puzzles that stump most two-year-old humans .
They can learn hundreds of signs , and put them together in sentences that obey grammatical rules .
Nor does it rule out euthanasia if that is in the interest of individual apes whose suffering can not be relieved .
What extending basic rights to great apes does mean is that they will cease to be mere things that can be owned and used for our amusement or entertainment .
Americans are richer than they were in the 1950 's , but they are not happier .
Americans in the middle-income range today -- that is , a family income of $ 50,000 - $ 90,000 -- have a level of happiness that is almost identical to well-off Americans , with a family income of more than $ 90,000 .
We can not place great confidence in such studies , because this kind of overall `` life satisfaction '' judgment may not reflect how much people really enjoy the way they spend their time .
Accumulating money up to a certain amount provides a safeguard against lean times , but today it has become an end in itself , a way of measuring one 's status or success , and a goal to fall back on when we can think of no other reason for doing anything , but would be bored doing nothing .
From this perspective , once Buffett earned his first few millions in the 1960 's , his efforts to accumulate more money can easily seem completely pointless .
But , in that case , he surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that he can now rightly feel at the thought that his hard work and remarkable investment skills will , through the Gates Foundation , help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the world 's poorest people .
Americans tend to talk a lot about morality and justice . But most Americans still fail to realize that their country 's refusal to sign the Kyoto protocol , and their subsequent business -- as-usual approach to greenhouse gas emissions , is a moral failing of the most serious kind .
Although no particular heat wave can be directly attributed to global warming , it will make such events more frequent .
When Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans , those who died were the poor in low-lying areas who lacked cars to escape .
This is still significantly above the world average , and more than 50 times that of the poorest nations in which people will die from global warming .
For example , if a factory leaks toxic chemicals into a river that I use to irrigate my farm , killing my crops , I can sue the factory owner .
But if individuals can do tests from which insurance companies are barred , and if those who receive adverse genetic information then buy additional life insurance without disclosing the tests that they have taken , they are cheating other holders of life insurance .
In developed countries , the routine testing of older pregnant women , combined with the availability of abortion , has significantly reduced the incidence of conditions like Down syndrome .
For several years , some couples at risk of passing a genetic disease on to their children have used in vitro fertilization , producing several embryos that can be tested for the faulty gene and implanting in the woman 's uterus only those without it .
Now couples are using this technique to avoid passing on genes that imply a significantly elevated risk of developing certain forms of cancer .
It may not be long before we can identify genes that improve the odds of success in this quest .
In the case of sex selection , it is easy to see that couples who independently choose the best for their own child can produce an outcome that makes all their children worse off than they would have been if no one could select the sex of their child .
The outcome could be a genetic `` arms race '' that leads to taller and taller children , with significant environmental costs in the additional consumption required to fuel larger human beings .
The first option would require coercion , and -- since countries will not accept that others should gain a competitive edge -- an international agreement to forego the benefits that genetic enhancement can bring .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania .
After her death , his father , a villager who grows vegetables and gets other work when he can , was unable to care for him , and placed him in an orphanage .
By selecting particular villages and providing basic health care , bed nets to stop malaria , primary education , better seeds , and other agricultural assistance , the organization aims to show that well-designed , comprehensive aid plans can , at relatively modest cost , raise people out of poverty .
One can only regret that the media seem less interested in this exciting and momentous story , which has the potential to help millions of children , than in Madonna 's adoption of a single Malawian infant .
That document states that to refuse a burdensome medical treatment `` is not the equivalent of suicide . '' On the contrary , such a refusal `` should be considered an acceptance of the human condition , or a wish to avoid the application of a medical procedure disproportionate to the results that can be expected , or a desire not to impose excessive expense on the family or the community . ''
If an incurably ill patient can refuse burdensome treatment , knowing that this refusal will mean his or her death , why should an incurably ill patient who is not being kept alive by any medical treatment , but finds that the illness itself makes life burdensome , be unable to seek assistance in escaping that burden ?
But only in the Netherlands , Belgium , Switzerland , and the American state of Oregon are physicians permitted to assist a patient in ending his or her life by means other than withdrawing life-sustaining medical treatment .
If you can read , and did n't deliberately turn away from anything that might disturb your comfort , you should also know that the entire animal industry is unnecessary , that we would be healthier , and do less damage to our environment , without it ?
How can farmers treat them with respect when consumers want cheaper meat and supermarkets are using their immense bargaining power to force producers to use every possible means to cut costs ?
Because of these ideals , he proclaimed , the United States `` remains a beacon of hope for all who dream of liberty and a shining example to the world of what a free people can achieve . ''
Tom Paine , the great American revolutionary and author of The Rights of Man , wrote : `` He that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from oppression ; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself . ''
The only thing you can do to prevent these five deaths is to throw a switch that will divert the trolley onto a side track , where it will kill only one person .
This time , however , you are not standing near the track , but on a footbridge above the track . You can not divert the trolley .
There is , after all , no ethical significance in the fact that one method of harming others has existed for most of our evolutionary history , and the other is relatively new .
All of this is part of a larger program that attempts to measure changes in the city 's quality of life , so that the city council can know whether it is taking the community in a desirable direction .
But , as Professor Richard Layard of the London School of Economics has argued in his recent book Happiness : Lessons from a New Science , promoting friendship is often easy , cheap , and can have big payoffs in making people happier .
In the 1970 's , American psychologists Alice Isen and Paula Levin conducted an experiment in which some randomly selected people making a phone call found a ten-cent coin left behind by a previous caller , and others did not .
In the French presidential election , both candidates tried to keep their domestic life separate from their campaign .
But what about candidates for political leadership ?
Since politicians ask us to entrust them with sweeping powers , it can be argued that we should know as much as possible about their morality .
Even so , whether people choose to marry or not , whether they are heterosexual or homosexual , even whether they pay to fulfill their erotic fantasies or have fantasies they can fulfill at no cost , tells us little about whether they are good people who can be trusted with high office -- unless , of course , they say one thing while doing another .
If we can cultivate a wider tolerance of human diversity , politicians , business leaders , and administrators would be less fearful of `` exposure , '' because they would realize that they have done nothing that they must hide .
So many leading cyclists have tested positive for drugs , or have admitted , from the safety of retirement , that they used them , that one can plausibly doubt that it is possible to be competitive in this event otherwise .
At the elite level , the difference between being a champion and an also-ran is so miniscule , and yet matters so much , that athletes are pressured to do whatever they can to gain the slightest edge over their competitors .
But it is difficult to defend the current line between what athletes can and can not do in order to enhance their performance .
In the Tour de France , cyclists can even use overnight intravenous nutrition and hydration to restore their bodies .
Training at high altitude is permitted , though it gives those athletes who can do it an edge over competitors who must train at sea level .
Earl Spencer urged us to resist the temptation to canonize his sister .
If you can convince yourself that everyone behaves selfishly , then why try to be a better person ?
Perhaps that was inevitable . While a single person can arouse our emotions , such feelings tend to be temporary and rarely produce a lasting change in our lives .
Treating depression is often , if not always , effective , and without it , those who suffer from depression can not live happy , fulfilling lives .
In the United States , a research team headed by Philip Wang of the National Institute of Mental Health in Rockville , Maryland , reported similar results last month in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
Patients , too , may fail to seek treatment , because mental illness still carries a stigma that can make it harder to acknowledge than a physical illness .
Thus , the US Senate 's recent approval of the `` Mental Health Parity Act '' is a significant step forward .
The legislation , which still has to pass through the House of Representatives , would require health insurance plans provided by employers to cover treatment for mental illness at a level similar to coverage for general health care . -LRB- Unfortunately , the legislation will do nothing for the 47 million Americans who have no health insurance at all . -RRB-
So , while we can and should do much better at treating it , perhaps the more significant question is whether we can learn to prevent it .
Of course , relaxed and happy people can still become depressed , and stressed and unhappy people may not be depressed , but it is a reasonable hypothesis that happier people are less likely to become depressed .
LaSalle Leffall , who chaired the President 's Cancer Panel , wrote to President George W. Bush in August , saying , `` We can and must empower individuals to make healthy choices through appropriate policy and legislation . ''
Governments ca n't legislate happiness or ban depression , but public policy can play a role in ensuring that people have time to relax with friends , and pleasant places to do it .
The Science Museum canceled a lecture Watson was to give about his book and his career .
Rockefeller University also canceled a lecture that Watson had been scheduled to give .
Racist stereotyping harms the prospects of many non-whites , especially those of African descent .
In explaining why it was canceling Watson 's lecture , the Science Museum said that his remarks had gone `` beyond the point of acceptable debate . ''
If so , one can only hope that watching how Watson blew himself up will not discourage them from venturing into the minefield .
In Congressional elections that fall in the middle of a president 's term , usually fewer than 40 % of eligible Americans bother to vote .
Yet if many people follow this line of reasoning , and do not vote , a minority of the population can determine a country 's future , leaving a discontented majority .
The pressure to keep administrative expenses low can make an organization less effective .
Evaluating charities can be more difficult than making investment decisions .
In other ways , too , evaluating charities takes time , and can be expensive .
Such practices raise the obvious question : are we routinely treating illnesses because we can , rather than because we ought to ?
On the Test for Severe Impairment , where scores can range from zero to 24 , three-quarters of these patients scored zero .
How many people want their lives to be prolonged if they are incontinent , need to be fed by others , can no longer walk , and their mental capacities have irreversibly deteriorated so that they can neither speak nor recognize their children ?
In many cases , the antibiotics were administered intravenously , which can cause discomfort .
If Golubchuk 's children can convince the court that their father is not suffering , the court might reasonably order the hospital to grant them custody of their father .
They can then decide for themselves , at their own expense , how much further treatment he should have .
So , perhaps we can judge moral progress by asking how well we have done in combating racism and sexism .
Russia , Ukraine , and Azerbaijan again have significant minorities saying that women are now treated less equally than they once were .
Significantly , these majorities existed in Muslim countries as well .
Compared to just a decade before the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , this represents a significant change in people 's views .
Openly racist ideas prevailed in Germany and the American South , and much of the world 's population lived in colonies ruled by European powers .
Unfortunately , the same can not be said about equal rights for women .
Public acceptance of ideas is itself progress of a kind , but what really matters is that it provides leverage that can be used to bring about more concrete progress .
For animals also suffer from floods , fires , and droughts , and , since they are not descended from Adam and Eve , they can not have inherited original sin .
The seventeenth-century French philosopher René Descartes solved it by the drastic expedient of denying that animals can suffer .
He first said that , because humans can live forever in heaven , the suffering of this world is less important than it would be if our life in this world were the only life we had .
Relatively insignificant as this suffering may be from the perspective of eternity , the world would be better without it , or at least without most of it .
If , however , we insist on believing in divine creation , we are forced to admit that the god who made the world can not be all-powerful and all good .
Often , names are stuck not only over the entire building , but also on as many constituent parts of it as fundraisers and architects can manage .
One of the most significant factors determining whether people give to charity is their beliefs about what others are doing .
Perhaps we will eventually reach a tipping point at which giving a significant amount to help the world 's poorest becomes sufficiently widespread to eliminate the majority of those 25,000 needless daily deaths .
Many of those earning less than $ 100,000 can also afford to give something .
If we regard human rights as something possessed by all human beings , no matter how limited their intellectual or emotional capacities may be , how can we deny similar rights to great apes , who clearly surpass some human beings in their rationality , self-awareness , and emotional bonds with others ?
The use of the term `` slavery '' in relation to something that it is wrong to do to animals is especially significant , for until now it has been assumed that animals are rightly our slaves , to use as we wish , whether to pull our carts , be models of human diseases for research , or produce eggs , milk , or flesh for us to eat .
Recognition by a government that it can be wrong to enslave animals is a significant breach in the wall of exclusive moral significance we have built around our own species .
That this can happen in a European democracy is shocking .
Bush 's actual words were these : `` The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa . ''
He would ensure that the American public knew how the error occurred , and that whoever was responsible for it suffered the usual consequences that befall senior officials who make what was -- to put the best possible interpretation on it -- a grave error of judgment .
Among voters who rated `` honesty '' as an important factor influencing their choice of candidate , 80 % said that they voted for Bush .
They can not justify developing new drugs unless they can expect to recoup their costs through sales .
If drug companies target diseases that affect only people who are unable to pay high prices for drugs , they can not expect to cover their research costs , let alone make a profit .
But when Obama 's running mate , Joe Biden , was asked , in his debate with his Republican counterpart , Sarah Palin , what proposals an Obama-Biden administration might have to scale back as a result of the $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout , the only specific proposal he mentioned was the increase in foreign assistance .
Both candidates refer to deaths of American military personnel in Iraq , but there has been less attention to the war 's civilian causalities .
But what is extraordinary about Palin 's comment is that , despite being a strong proponent of the sanctity of human life , in criticizing Obama she did not pause to deplore the serious loss of innocent human life that American air strikes in Afghanistan have caused .
Here , the candidates ' goals are virtually identical : they both support a cap-and-trade system to make deep cuts in US greenhouse-gas emissions by 2050 .
Interestingly , one ethical issue on which neither candidate has campaigned has been shown to have the potential to move voters .
A study of Republicans , Democrats , and independents showed that viewing the ad led to greater support for Obama .
In place of a president whose only qualification for the office was his father 's name , we now have one whose intelligence and vision overcame the formidable obstacle of being the exotically named son of an African Muslim .
Who would have believed , after the last two elections , that the American public was capable of electing such a candidate ?
That appeal drew large and enthusiastic crowds , which , together with astute use of the Internet , gained him an unprecedented four million donors , and induced a huge number of African-Americans and young people to register to vote .
This is the chance of a lifetime to break through the cynicism that has pervaded American politics for decades .
But if Obama fails to make good on his promise of change , it will be decades before the electorate again places its trust in a candidate who claims to be different from the usual run of politicians .
Many Americans will judge the new administration by what it does at home . That includes raising taxes on those earning more than $ 250,000 a year , and using the money to extend health insurance to the tens of millions of Americans who -- uniquely for an industrialized nation -- do not have it .
The biggest impact that Obama can make , however , is beyond America 's borders .
Last year , when speaking to the Chicago Council on Global Affairs , he called for a president who can speak directly to everyone in the world who longs for dignity and security , and say : `` You matter to us .
Keeping these promises will be significant steps towards restoring America 's image around the world .
But if any US president can overcome that historical shadow hanging over the UN , Obama can .
Given that Obama has a Kenyan father and has spent time in the African villages where his kin still live , it is no surprise that he understands the need for rich nations to assist developing nations .
That may sound like hyperbole , but raising the temperature and reducing the rainfall of a predominantly agricultural nation can be as devastating to its people as dropping bombs on it .
Families that can no longer keep up with their mortgage payments will lose their homes .
When Americans lose their jobs , even if they have no assets , they still have some access to health care and food stamps .
When a poor family 's income drops , one of the few expenses on which it can cut back is the cost of sending the children to school .
It is understandable why , in the midst of an election campaign , a candidate would say that , for , even in the best of times , increasing foreign aid wins few votes in America .
In addition , the Vatican objects to the fact that conception is the result of a `` technical action '' rather `` a specific act of the conjugal union . ''
In those circumstances , it is harsh to say to a couple that they can not have their own genetic child at all .
But if by that the Church is referring to sexual intercourse , then it surely has an unduly narrow view of what kinds of acts can express reciprocal love between a man and a woman .
Taking the several inconvenient and sometimes unpleasant steps required to have a child together by means of IVF can be , and often is , the result of a much more deliberate and reciprocally loving act than sexual intercourse .
I have n't noticed the Vatican telling them that they should be adopting instead of conceiving so many children .
Some will find it grotesque to become a mother at an age when most women are grandmothers , but the more significant question is what kind of care such children will have if their parents die or become incapable of rearing them .
In the newspaper Le Figaro , a section on how to scale back one 's expenses predicted a `` revolution in values '' and claimed that people will put family ahead of work . -LRB- Americans think the French , with their shorter working hours and longer summer vacations , already put family ahead of work . -RRB-
In his inauguration speech , American President Barack Obama said , `` The time has come to set aside childish things '' and instead to choose the noble idea that `` all are equal , all are free , and all deserve a chance to pursue their full measure of happiness . ''
Fifty years ago , American chicken farmers found that by keeping their birds in sheds they could produce chickens for the table more cheaply and with less work than by traditional farmyard methods .
No chicken can move without having to push through other birds .
In the egg industry , hens can barely move at all , because they are crammed into wire cages , which makes it possible to stack them in tiers , one above the other .
When this grain , which humans could eat directly , is fed to chickens , they use some of it to create bones and feathers and other body parts that we can not eat .
Supporters of factory farming often point out that bird flu can be spread by free-range flocks , or by wild ducks and other migrating birds , who may join the free-range birds to feed with them or drop their feces while flying overhead .
They are frequently infested with mice , rats , and other animals that can bring in diseases .
If we can teach people what is best , Socrates and Plato seem to have thought , they will do it .
This fits well with what psychologists have discovered about how we can improve the odds that we will keep our resolutions .
In his recently released book 59 Seconds , Wiseman sets out the things that you can do to make success more likely :
These tools for keeping a New Year 's resolution can help us to make progress , not only in losing weight or staying out of debt , but also in living more ethically .
In just three days , more than a million Americans had donated $ 10 with the aid of text messages from their cellphones .
On current indications , the amount Americans will give to relief efforts in Haiti could surpass the $ 1.9 billion they gave to assist victims of the 2004 Asian tsunami , which until now has stood as a record for donations to a disaster outside the United States .
Haiti 's proximity , plus the fact that close to a million Haitians live in the US , goes some way towards explaining why Americans have responded so generously .
Scenes from Hurricane Katrina , the Asian tsunami , and now the Haitian earthquake were shown over and over again on all television news broadcasts .
We seem to accept that to be struck by an earthquake , a tidal wave , or a hurricane is just bad luck -LRB- unless , as the American evangelist Pat Robertson suggested after the Haitian earthquake , your ancestors made a pact with the devil in order to free themselves from colonial rule -RRB- .
But then , bad government can also contribute to the toll exacted by a natural disaster .
That achievement appeared to take us significantly closer to a world in which patients could be given cell or tissue transplants that their bodies would not reject , because the biological materials , cloned from the patients themselves , would be a perfect match .
Once it can be done reliably , it will pave the way for important medical breakthroughs .
But the ethical significance of such research goes far beyond the undoubted importance of saving critically ill patients .
The death of the trainer is a tragedy , and one can only have sympathy for her family .
Richard Ellis , a marine conservationist at the American Museum of Natural History , believes that orcas are smart and would not do such a thing purely on impulse . `` This was premeditated , '' he told The Associated Press .
Moreover , the degree of confinement in an aquarium is extreme , for no tank , no matter how large , can come close to meeting the needs of animals who spend their lives in social groups swimming long distances in the ocean .
Their living conditions are deplorable , especially in traveling circuses where cages have to be small so that they can go on the road .
That something so significant could spring up independently of governments and big business led many to believe that the Internet can bring the world a new type of freedom .
Last month , when the governor of China 's Hubei province threatened a journalist and grabbed her recorder after she asked a question about a local scandal , journalists , lawyers , and academics used the Internet to object .
Technology can be used for good or for bad , and it is too soon to reach a verdict on the Internet . -LRB- In the eighteenth century , who could have foreseen that the development of the steam engine would have an impact on earth 's climate ? -RRB-
PRINCETON -- When airports across Europe reopened after the closure caused by the eruption of Iceland 's Eyjafjallajökull volcano , it was not because the amount of ash in the atmosphere had dropped , but because the risk that the ash posed to airplane safety had been reassessed .
Over six days , about 95,000 flights were canceled , at a cost to airlines of more than $ 1 billion .
Sixteen cancer patients in critical need of bone marrow for transplants were put at risk because the matching marrow could not be flown in from the United States or Canada .
In the past , jets flying into ash from volcanoes in the US , Indonesia , the Philippines , and Mexico have temporarily lost engine power , and in one case , dropped thousands of feet , although all managed to land safely .
The price we are willing to pay for safety can not be infinite .
Once he knows of it , the decision is his to make , because only he can judge the importance of his journey , and balance that against the risk he is running .
Air safety is slightly different , because a crashing plane can kill people on the ground , but the greatest risks by far are borne by the passengers and crew .
These strings spell out , in code , a Web site address , the names of the researchers , and apt quotations , such as Richard Feynman 's `` What I can not build , I can not understand . ''
Well-known University of Pennsylvania bioethicist Art Caplan says that the achievement ranks as a discovery of historic significance , because it `` would seem to extinguish the argument that life requires a special force or power to exist . ''
Asked about the significance of what the team had done , Venter described it as bringing about `` a giant philosophical change in how we view life . ''
Patenting life was taken a step further in 1984 , when Harvard University successfully applied for a patent on its `` oncomouse , '' a laboratory mouse specifically designed to get cancer easily , so that it would be more useful as a research tool .
There are good grounds for objecting to turning a sentient being into a patented laboratory tool , but it is not so easy to see why patent law should not cover newly designed bacteria or algae , which can feel nothing and may be as useful as any other invention .
One day , we may be able to design bacteria that can quickly , safely , and effectively clean up oil spills .
Why should the fact that you can get away with cheating mean that you are not culpable ?
Sometimes when the ball is caught the umpire can not be sure if the ball has touched the edge of the bat .
Yes , we can deal with the problem to some extent by using modern technology or video replays to review controversial refereeing decisions .
Corrupt rulers can use the billions they receive from oil and mining corporations for personal extravagance , or to buy arms for troops to crush democratic resistance movements .
Of course , transparency alone can not prevent this , but it will show everyone how much the rulers are getting , and who is funding them .
Wikileaks has , over the past three years , published a variety of sensitive documents , ranging from the American military 's manual for operating its prison in Guantánamo Bay to evidence of corruption in Kenya and the dumping of toxic chemicals off the coast of Africa .
Its editors argued that while the decision to publicize secret material is always difficult , these documents were of `` significant public interest '' and `` illuminate the extraordinary difficulty of what the United States and its allies have undertaken in a way that other accounts have not . ''
There is a clear parallel between the recent Afghanistan leaks and Daniel Ellsberg 's release in 1971 of the Pentagon Papers , which helped the American public understand how the war in Vietnam was really being conducted .
On its Web site , Wikileaks quotes the US Supreme Court ruling in that case : `` only a free and unrestrained press can effectively expose deception in government . ''
Steven Aftergood , head of the project on government secrecy at the Federation of American Scientists , counts Wikileaks among the enemies of an open society because of its failure to respect the rule of law and the rights of individuals .
They may suffocate in the net , because , with their gills constricted , they can not breathe . If not , they may remain trapped for many hours before the nets are pulled in .
Is it because they can not give voice to their pain ?
More significantly , in a speech in Mumbai earlier this year , he laid out requirements for legitimizing Marange diamonds that included some assurance that `` the revenues from the diamond sales are distributed legally and in a way that reasonably and fairly benefits the people of Zimbabwe . ''
And , if the diamond industry can put itself on an ethical footing , it might send a message to other industries that deal in resources that are effectively being stolen from some of the world 's poorest people .
But recent research suggests that we can use some help .
How , they asked themselves , can we give people stronger incentives to keep their resolutions and achieve their personal goals ?
You can find their answer at a Web site they helped to start , www.stickK.com . , where you can make a Commitment Contract , which obliges you to reach a goal of your own choosing .
Then , as an incentive to fulfill your commitment , you can decide on a penalty that you must pay if you fail .
Better yet , you can specify that you will have to pay a certain sum to a cause that you detest .
For example , the wide availability of electronic gaming machines and online gambling makes it difficult for `` problem gamblers '' to stop gambling , even though they know that they are losing more than they can afford to lose .
The card allows the government to impose daily and monthly limits on the amount players can lose on electronic gaming machines .
They can limit how much money they will spend , or how long they will spend at a machine at any one time .
But when the temptations are not immediately present , we can erect barriers to them that make us less likely to succumb when they return .
Knowing that we can control our own behavior makes it more likely that we will .
Chua 's thesis is that , when compared to Americans , Chinese children tend to be successful because they have `` tiger mothers , '' whereas Western mothers are pussycats , or worse .
-LRB- Chua says that she knows Korean , Indian , Jamaican , Irish , and Ghanaian mothers who are `` Chinese '' in their approach , as well as some ethnic-Chinese mothers who are not . -RRB-
So it is not surprising that many Americans react with horror to her style of parenting .
No matter how hard a tiger mom pushes , not every student can finish first -LRB- unless , of course , we make everyone `` top of the class '' -RRB- .
That 's also the view of Betty Ming Liu , who blogged in response to Chua 's article : `` Parents like Amy Chua are the reason why Asian-Americans like me are in therapy . ''
Stanley Sue , a professor of psychology at the University of California , Davis , has studied suicide , which is particularly common among Asian-American women -LRB- in other ethnic groups , more males commit suicide than females -RRB- .
He believes that family pressure is a significant factor .
I agree with Chua to this extent : a reluctance to tell a child what to do can go too far .
The resolution can thus be seen as another incremental step towards the establishment of a global system of justice able to punish those who commit gross violations of human rights , regardless of their political or legal status in their own country .
In addition to arguing that the responsibility to protect can justify military intervention , the International Commission on Intervention and State Sovereignty recommended a set of precautionary principles .
Perhaps the rebels and the sanctions can overthrow Qaddafi unaided , without great loss of life .
Then , in 2004 , Google announced that it would begin digitally scanning all the books held by five major research libraries .
And the library could include not only books and articles , but also paintings , music , films , and every other form of creative expression that can be captured in digital form .
Google said that it would scan the entire book , irrespective of its copyright status , but that users searching for something in copyrighted books would be shown only a snippet .
So , while Chin 's decision is a temporary setback on the way to a universal library , it provides an opportunity to reconsider how the dream can best be realized .
The central issue is this : how can we make books and articles -- not just snippets , but entire works -- available to everyone , while preserving the rights of the works ' creators ?
Just as inventors are given patents so that they can profit from their inventions for a limited time , so , too , authors were originally given copyright for a relatively short period -- in the US , it was initially only 14 years from the first publication of the work .
As Peter Brantley , Director of Technology for the California Digital Library , has put it : `` We have a moral imperative to reach out to our library shelves , grab the material that is orphaned , and set it on top of scanners . ''
If we can put a man on the Moon and sequence the human genome , we should be able to devise something close to a universal digital public library .
This is a situation in which we must stretch our imagination , to understand and be motivated by the good that we are doing . Unfortunately , not everyone can do that .
Among philosophers , the view that moral judgments state objective truths has been out of fashion since the 1930 's , when logical positivists asserted that , because there seems to be no way of verifying the truth of moral judgments , they can not be anything other than expressions of our feelings or attitudes .
Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much `` what matters '' as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Many people assume that rationality is always instrumental : reason can tell us only how to get what we want , but our basic wants and desires are beyond the scope of reasoning .
Just as we can grasp the truth that 1 + 1 = 2 , so we can see that I have a reason to avoid suffering agony at some future time , regardless of whether I now care about , or have desires about , whether I will suffer agony at that time .
We can also have reasons -LRB- though not always conclusive reasons -RRB- to prevent others from suffering agony .
One major argument against objectivism in ethics is that people disagree deeply about right and wrong , and this disagreement extends to philosophers who can not be accused of being ignorant or confused .
If great thinkers like Immanuel Kant and Jeremy Bentham disagree about what we ought to do , can there really be an objectively true answer to that question ?
He considers three leading theories about what we ought to do -- one deriving from Kant , one from the social-contract tradition of Hobbes , Locke , Rousseau , and the contemporary philosophers John Rawls and T.M. Scanlon , and one from Bentham 's utilitarianism -- and argues that the Kantian and social-contract theories must be revised in order to be defensible .
Unless he can show that objectivism is true , he believes , nothing matters .
PRINCETON -- Mahatma Gandhi acutely observed that `` the greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated . '' To seek to reduce the suffering of those who are completely under one 's domination , and unable to fight back , is truly a mark of a civilized society .
If the evidence can not be provided , stunning before slaughter will be required in the Netherlands .
The sickening footage available online shows bears kept in cages so small that they can not stand up , or in some cases move at all , so that bile can be taken from them .
Worse still -LRB- if one can compare such atrocities -RRB- is a video showing fur-bearing animals being skinned alive and thrown onto a pile of other animals , where they are left to die slowly .
China 's centralized government can , if it so chooses , ensure that animal-welfare laws apply throughout the country .
It must move on to the far more significant target of better living conditions and more humane deaths for bears and fur-bearing animals , as well as for cows , pigs , laying hens , and chickens .
Only when Rodman 's superiors cancel his experiments and he takes home Caesar , an infant chimpanzee , does the scientist begin to care about others .
Reared as part of a human family , he learned to use more than 100 signs from American Sign Language , the language used by Deaf Americans .
Without the Commission 's approval , it can not go ahead .
In August 2001 , President George W. Bush told Americans that he worried about `` a culture that devalues life , '' and that he believed that , as President of the United States , he has `` an important obligation to foster and encourage respect for life in America and throughout the world . ''
Although the Bush administration acknowledged that some scientists believe stem cell research could offer new ways of treating diseases that affect 128 million Americans , this prospect evidently did not , in Bush 's view , justify destroying human embryos .
Other American politicians took the same stance .
Senator Trent Lott , a conservative Republican -- and a prominent opponent of abortion -- said of the attack : `` Absolutely , we should do it . ''
Senator John McCain , another leading Republican , though one often ready to disagree with Bush , expressed regret for the civilian deaths , but added , `` I ca n't tell you that we would n't do the same thing again . ''
On November 1 , 2001 , American planes bombed Ishaq Suleiman , a group of mud huts , because a Taliban truck had been parked in one of the streets .
In Iraq , too , American attacks have taken the lives of many civilians .
This consistent pattern of readiness to inflict civilian casualties -- often when striking targets that are not of vital military significance -- suggests that Bush and other pro-life American leaders have less concern for the lives of innocent human beings in Afghanistan , Iraq , and Pakistan , than they have for human embryos .
Bush , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
We can grant that it was not the primary intention of those who planned and authorized the attack on Damadola to kill innocent people .
We can also accept that al-Zawahiri is undoubtedly a dangerous foe , still active in a terrorist movement , and that he is a legitimate military target .
Perhaps this particular attack can be justified on those grounds .
Nevertheless , the doctrine that it is acceptable to take actions that will foreseeably kill innocent people can have the effect of leading us to treat more lightly than we should the deaths of those killed .
That , it seems , is what has happened somewhere in the American chain of command .
We can be quite sure that American forces would not have acted in the same way if the civilians nearby had been other Americans .
American efforts to contain the Soviet Union ran head-on into India 's aspirations and its leadership of the global non-aligned movement .
Pakistan 's misadventures in Kashmir , and the military coup that removed its elected government , alienated American opinion even more .
American policy , global in nature , targeted India with the mantra of `` cap , reduce , and eliminate '' nuclear capabilities in South Asia .
Indians died alongside Americans and others in the World Trade Center .
Whereas the centrality of the state in human affairs is a modern , European development , traditional societies like India or Pakistan have always regarded the state as no more than a necessary evil , since large societies can not be managed on the old tribal basis .
For Muslims , all sovereignty vests in God ; indeed , nothing whatever exists or can exist outside of Him .
As Eaton puts it , the Koran 's insistence that `` there is no god but God '' can also be interpreted to mean that `` there is no legislator but the Legislator . ''
So the central issue in Islam has not been whether the state can be separated from religion , but whether society can be so separated .
It can not , which is why no Muslim state can be fully secular .
Indeed , the issue that now lies at Pakistan 's core is whether it can become a theocratic state .
Once again , we see how misplaced Western national priorities can bring ruin on a non-Western nation .
Of course , a grave question arises about the now-ruling Supreme Council of the Military High Command in Egypt : How can the enforcers of the status quo become the agents of change ?
But nothing that Obama , or anyone else , says can answer the question now occupying the attention of senior US officials : Will the coming of popular sovereignty to Egypt inevitably lead to anti-Americanism ?
Indeed , some years back , a planned visit to Indian Ladakh by the PLA 's commander of the Lanzhou Military Region was canceled on the grounds that Pakistan had protested -- implying that Pakistan had a legitimate claim to the area .
NEW DELHI -- Barack Obama , the sixth American president to visit India since it gained independence , arrives at a trying time , both for the United States and for India .
And Obama will be keen to know what help India can provide with Iran , a country with which India has smooth relations , owing to their shared worries over Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Another feature of such summits -- the trading of lists of `` must do '' and `` can do '' items -- also should be retired .
Although trade is an effective lubricant of good relations , these sorts of talks are for the `` sherpas , '' not Obama and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , to handle .
Indeed , Obama is placed in a unique position for an American president , a position that he appears to comprehend , though his opponents in the US do not .
India must make clear -- and the US must recognize -- that a sub-continental country of a billion-plus people can not be kept within the categorical confines of `` South Asia . ''
The US must accept and candidly discuss the damaging consequences of its military , diplomatic , and political overreach -- of a `` war too far '' that has brought the region to its current ugly impasse .
What can the two countries do , separately and together ?
Only through such acceptance can the two countries chart a common future .
Not surprisingly , given the Americans ' deeply ingrained suspicion , the agreement reached earlier this year between Iran and Turkey and Brazil to allow for the export of low-enriched uranium from Iran in return for fuel rods was `` not acceptable '' to the US .
Then there is the Shah 's ouster , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini 's Islamic Revolution , the absurd abduction of US diplomats , President Jimmy Carter 's disastrous attempt to free them militarily , and the `` Iran-Contra '' scandal , when Reagan administration officials sought to sell weapons to Iran through third parties and channel the proceeds to anti-Sandinista guerrillas in Nicaragua .
In these circumstances , if Iran is offered a diplomatic ladder that it can climb down with its dignity intact -- above all , a credible promise of an historic reconciliation with the US that includes specific economic benefits , not Obama 's current vague offers -- a tired revolution 's troubled leadership might take it .
Indeed , if all eight of the top East European candidates -LRB- excluding Bulgaria and Romania -RRB- join by the target date of 2004 , the EU population 's will soar by about 75 million people .
Now the income gap between eastern applicants and the EU is three times as large as the disparity with the Iberian peninsula was .
Emigration countries gain because their nationals can earn an income in Western Europe that , for all but the most marginal migrant , is more than sufficient to compensate for the loss of domestic value added and the subjective and objective costs of migration .
Partially delayed integration rather than transition periods or quotas is a market-oriented solution that can maintain Europe 's welfare states and enable it to grow and develop to its true potential .
Scandinavia 's Accounting Trick
With average yearly GDP growth of 2.2 % from 1995 to 2005 it fell short of the non-Scandinavian countries of the EU-15 , which grew by 2.8 % on average .
But Scandinavia is good in terms of levels of per capita GDP and unemployment .
What is the secret behind Scandinavia 's success ?
One explanation of Scandinavia 's strong performance is Sweden 's courageous product market liberalization , the reduced generosity of Denmark 's wage replacement system and the Nokia miracle in Finland .
Indeed , the share of government in employment in Scandinavia is surprising .
Thus , the performance difference relative to Germany , say , could be caricatured as follows : while Germans collect part of the private value-added as taxes , which they then spend on unemployment benefits , Scandinavians in addition give their unemployed a desk and count the unemployment benefits as value-added in the government sector and , therefore , a contribution to GDP .
Apart from the accounting trick implicit in Scandinavia 's success , the high share of government in employment may also make a real contribution to solving one of the most fundamental problems western economies now face .
The third option is the Scandinavian way . Here government demand for labor keeps wages high .
While many economists judge Germany 's strategy the worst and America 's the best , the Scandinavian strategy can be considered a second-best strategy .
Nevertheless , it might be better to let the market decide what kinds of products the low-skilled and less motivated part of the workforce should and could reasonably produce , which speaks for the American way of subsidizing wages .
Thus , the Scandinavian way is more than a mere accounting trick , but it is also less than a truly recommendable strategy for coping with the challenges of globalization .
The United States , in particular , shifted its stance significantly since its rejection of the Kyoto Protocol , even accepting that the United Nations will have to organize the future negotiations .
At best , it seems that the time path of extractions can be tilted toward the future .
If the GDL gets a higher wage settlement than achieved in the general wage agreement for all railway workers , the general agreement will become invalid -- an outcome that the railway management can not accept under any conditions .
While German permanent civil servants can not be fired , nor are they allowed to strike .
The threatened strike is also significant because it marks a departure from the German system of industry-wide unions , which negotiate for all employees within an industry regardless of their occupation .
Oil pressed from rapeseed can be used as diesel fuel , and maize or sugar beets can yield ethanol to replace gasoline .
The so-called tortilla crisis , which led to protests in Mexico City in January , foreshadows what we can expect .
Thus , the world can not help but be pulled down by a US slump .
As American assets have lost their attractiveness , their prices have dropped .
But the Fed can not endow the banks with new equity capital and prevent a credit crunch .
Given that investment banks can only attain high rates of return in a world with volatile asset prices and short-term performance goals , companies pressure their managers to follow suit .
Often , securities are created that are backed by sophisticated portfolios containing good and bad assets whose true risk can not easily be assessed .
To do so , they develop complicated legal claim structures that hardly anyone can fully understand and operate with too little equity capital to cover the risks .
While the pact says that a government can not borrow more than 3 % of its GDP , Germany 's public-finance deficit reached 3.7 % of GDP and more from 2002 to 2004 .
The immigration waves of the last two years to Britain , Spain , and Italy will have significantly changed these figures , but the information needed to update the statistics is not yet available .
Nowadays , people move faster than statistical offices can count them .
The graduating classes of top American universities are packed with foreign students , and 27 % of physicians practicing in the US today come from abroad .
The University of Michigan 's Consumer Sentiment Index fell in June 2008 to its lowest level in decades and has since recovered only insignificantly .
The American crisis is now spreading to other areas of the world .
German economists , in contrast to their American colleagues , never abandoned Keynesian policies as a means to combat demand deficits .
These are areas where there is not much that the state can do to help .
It can cut taxes to stimulate consumption and it can invest in construction , but these sectors currently need little help , except perhaps for the automobile industry .
But he should not ignore the time lags between the American and the German economic cycles .
Moreover , even if prices on average exhibit some downward flexibility , deflation necessarily increases the real rate of interest , given that nominal interest rates can not fall below zero .
But the ECB , whose only mandate is to maintain price stability , can not pursue this policy without fundamental changes in legislation .
Moreover , this scenario can not take place before the slump has turned into a boom .
At first glance , this is indeed less than the American program , which totals 6.2 % of GDP , of which 2 % will be spent in 2009 .
While American casino capitalism has collapsed , and America 's European economic satellites are suffering , China seems to be taking advantage of the situation , increasing its trade surplus in the midst of the global economic crisis .
The brain drain is a problem not only for South America west of the Andes and many African countries , but also for Turkey , Italy , Britain , the Balkan countries , Germany , and Finland .
This made it possible for US households to stop saving and enjoy an exorbitant consumption level , but it stood on its head the conventional wisdom that capital should flow from rich to poor countries , where it can more productively be invested .
Since the world will not continue to provide the US with goods in exchange for dubious financial securities , Americans will have to leave their dream world .
It can only be hoped that the political leaders who shape the course of the twenty-first century will be wise enough to avoid such an outcome .
That time is over , as the breakdown of the American mortgage securitization market has shown .
For years , hundreds of billions of new mortgage-backed securities -LRB- MBSs -RRB- and collateralized debt obligations -LRB- CDOs -RRB- generated from them were sold to the world to compensate for the lack of savings in the United States and to finance American housing investment .
To compensate for the disappearance of that market , and for the simultaneous disappearance of non-securitized bank lending to American homeowners , 95 % of US mortgages today are channeled through the state institutions Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and Ginnie Mae .
As a result , European banks have suffered from massive write-offs on toxic American securities .
Americans now claim caveat emptor : Europeans should have known how risky these securities were when they bought them .
Another is that US ratings agencies helped fool the world by giving triple-A ratings to their American clients , while aggressively downgrading foreign borrowers .
If a Pfandbrief is not serviced , one can take the issuing bank to court .
If the bank goes bankrupt , the holder of the covered bond has a direct claim against the homeowner , who can not escape payment by simply returning his house key .
And if the homeowner goes bankrupt , the home can be sold to service the debt .
Indeed , the official figures were so unreliable that Eurostat felt forced to express `` reservation on the data reported by Greece due to significant uncertainties over the figures notified by the Greek statistical authorities '' -- a stiff rebuke in bureaucratic language .
· The American system .
While the US is expected to grow by 3.3 % this year and by 2.9 % next year -- roughly the long-term average for the past 30 years , this can not be called a self-sustained upswing , given that the fiscal deficit is expected to reach a breathtaking 11 % of GDP this year , before easing to a still-high 8.2 % in 2011 .
Whereas Germany 's unemployment rate is now a bit lower than in the last boom , the French rate is significantly higher than in the last slump -LRB- 2004-2005 -RRB- .
Now that the Chinese prefer to invest that money in raw materials in Africa and elsewhere , they have aroused the full ire of American policymakers .
Since the United Kingdom itself is a large capital importer , we can assume that the City is not holding the paper itself but merely restructuring it and then selling it to the world under a new name and with the London stamp on it .
The unwillingness of the Chinese to consume enabled Americans to build new houses for many years on borrowed money and to maintain a level of consumption that the US economy was unable to finance on its own .
Nevertheless , China helped the US to achieve a higher standard of living by making money available to government authorities that would otherwise have had to come from American taxpayers .
Rather than coming at the expense of the US , as is constantly claimed , it was the renminbi 's low valuation that allowed Americans to dream their American dream of universal homeownership .
Imports of inexpensive Chinese products freed up capital and labor in the US for a dramatic expansion of the housing stock -- which led to a sharp rise in the American standard of living .
MUNICH -- Why did Greece , Ireland , and Portugal have to seek shelter under the European Union 's rescue umbrella , and why is Spain a potential candidate ?
It would be better if the EU kept the Luxembourg fund for real emergency measures , and if the ECB instructed its member institutions in the GIPS to demand significantly better collateral for their lending operations .
No other country can offer its international clients such a broad variety of industrial products .
A favorable assessment can not rest on the fact that the overall German value-added in exports has been growing because this is simply an effect of the German specialization in export-related production .
At bottom , the coincidence of unemployment and booming exports can be explained by the high and rigid wages from which Germany still suffers .
As a result , these labor-intensive sectors must release a lot of labor and capital , which push into the capital-intensive export sectors that are better able to cope with high wages . But , while these sectors therefore grow especially fast , their high capital intensity means that they can not fully employ the released labor , with the result that some of the unemployed workers have nowhere to turn but the welfare state .
While the directive 's rules governing migration of employed and self-employed people hardly differ from previous EU law , the migration and social-welfare rights of non-working EU citizens have been significantly extended .
According to the directive 's preamble , the state can not cite insufficient assets as a reason to refuse a residence permit , as this would be inadmissible discrimination .
If he becomes indigent after receiving a residence permit , he can not automatically be returned to his home country , as was possible before .
Nor can the duration of the residence permit be shortened simply because the immigrant claims welfare assistance .
The host country can not deny this right even if an immigrant has no health insurance and no resources to live on .
Strong efforts by Africans , coupled with the investments of the G8 and other partners , are paying off in important ways that are often unnoticed by the outside world .
These three trends overlap in a group of about 15 African countries that are strongly committed to accountable governance and sensible economic policies .
Most of the credit for these changes goes to Africans who demanded an end to the misrule of the past .
The G8 can take four steps towards these ends .
First , it can ensure that its members are on track to double aid to Africa by 2010 .
Second , it can focus new resources in critical areas such as education , malaria , agriculture , and infrastructure , and ensure that most funding goes to well-governed countries .
Third , it can complete the process of debt relief for countries that have not received it , and help protect poor countries from predatory commercial creditors .
Finally , it can expand market access for African exporters , especially by redoubling efforts to complete the Doha round of global trade talks .
My own country , Liberia , embodies Africa 's emerging hope and the progress that can be made through a commitment to good governance and strong international support .
We hope that the G8 can help finalize these arrangements , and can help us ensure that the costs of debt relief are shared among all creditors , including those from the private sector .
But Indonesia can do so only if it demonstrates an unrelenting commitment to anti-terrorist policies .
This is not to say that they agree with the American critique of Indonesian policy .
The real conflict ignited by the terrorist attacks is not between Islam and an American-led , Judeo-Christian `` crusade . ''
In essence , extremism and fundamentalism can be countered only from within the faith .
No amount of American intervention will turn the tide against bigotry and ignorance .
The fight will not be easy , but it can be won .
With the world expected to continue growing rapidly , there are excellent investment opportunities that will be funded only if capital continues to move into countries that can use it productively .
While this has become more difficult , countries can still choose -- at least to some degree -- how open they are to capital inflows .
In other words , do n't jump into the water unless you can swim .
The latter , in turn , provides strong incentives for countries to address institutional shortcomings so that they can reap the potential benefits of external financial liberalization .
Indeed , several large oil exporters and Asian manufacturing exporters will have sizable surpluses for as long as we can forecast .
The previously fashionable view that the American seizure of Iraqi oil resources would break OPEC and send the price of oil plummeting has turned out to be nonsense .
With the American economy now recovering strongly , the price of oil should stay high , or even rise further , in the foreseeable future .
It means that the fund can look forward to several years of surpluses .
The best way to guard against this is to open a special account with an independent central bank , where the fund can be kept safely out of the reach of politicians .
This is true , but the same result can be achieved by paying off foreign debt , which is a better policy , especially at the outset , when the fund is trying to build up credibility .
Properly used , an oil fund can contribute to this aim , but it should do so indirectly , by promoting domestic financial stability .
Kipling 's Wisdom LONDON -- The beginning of October marked the seventh anniversary of the beginning of the American-led bombardment of Afghanistan .
Cowper-Coles was reported to have said that the security situation in Afghanistan was deteriorating , that NATO 's presence was making it worse , and that the two American presidential hopefuls should be dissuaded from getting bogged down further .
And Kai Eide , the United Nations Secretary-General 's special representative in Afghanistan , has agreed that the situation can not be stabilized by military means alone .
A draft report by American intelligence agencies has also concluded that Afghanistan is in a `` downward spiral '' and casts serious doubt on the Afghan government 's ability to stem the Taliban 's resurgence .
The Americans have already committed 8,000 extra troops for next year .
But the Americans want a `` surge , '' and the US general commanding NATO forces in the country said last month that he needed three more brigades , some 15,000 troops in all , and Gates has asked the Europeans either to send or pay for them .
The Americans do recognize the importance of courting those Taliban leaders they believe to be motivated by tribal loyalties rather than religious ideology , but they oppose the latest Afghan policy of negotiating directly and officially with the Taliban .
Republican presidents have a better record in negotiating with enemies than do Democratic ones .
Strike hard who cares -- shoot straight who can --
That today 's global financial meltdown is the direct consequence of the West 's worship of false gods is a proposition that can not be discussed , much less acknowledged .
The result was a global explosion of `` Ponzi '' finance -- named after the notorious Italian-American swindler Charles Ponzi -- which purported to make such paper as safe and valuable as houses .
Scratch around the rubble , however , and one can come up with useful fragments .
This time it is the buyer who knows more than the seller , since the buyer knows his risk behavior , physical health , and so on . The insurer faces `` adverse selection , '' because he can not distinguish between good and bad risks .
But a moment 's thought will show why these models can not explain today 's general crisis .
So these models can not explain a situation in which everyone , or almost everyone , is losing -- or , for that matter , winning -- at the same time .
It reminds me of the interviewer who went to see Robert Lucas , one of the high priests of the New Business Cycle school , at a time of high American unemployment in the 1980 's .
High spending was a mark of success : what Americans demanded of their rich was conspicuous enterprise .
Big banks can not be allowed to fail ; but the public expects bankers to be punished .
Broadly speaking , the weakest contracts are those that allow wealth and power to be concentrated in the same few hands , while the strongest are built on significant dispersal of both .
Even Venezuela 's Hugo Chávez , who built his power on populist anti-Americanism , must be praying for the success of US President Barack Obama 's stimulus package to lift his falling oil revenues .
But it makes an enormous practical difference that an incumbent ruler can do a lot more future damage to his people than an ex-ruler , and therefore should be given no incentive to retaliate .
Whatever the attractions of giving criminals `` nowhere to hide , whatever the consequences , '' the consequences can not be ignored when the criminals are heads of state .
The policy of never negotiating with terrorists can not be scaled up to state level when hundreds of thousands of lives are at stake .
Without American support , it has little hope of earning legitimacy , let alone doing its job effectively .
It can do this indefinitely , and it seems likely that it will .
They believe that the threat of arrest can be used to force Bashir to mend his ways .
If the world can dispense justice only at the expense of the weak and to the advantage of the strong , it should stick to the older tools of crime prevention : force and negotiation , and leave justice out of it .
But the marriage between Chinese savings and American consumption had a fatal flaw : it created non-repayable debts .
For the counterpart of the US debt build-up was the relocation of much American manufacturing capacity to China .
Indeed , even beyond the political left , the Anglo-American model of capitalism is deemed to have failed .
One can argue that economic performance would have been even better with less government intervention .
As long as central government takes responsibility for maintaining a high and stable level of employment , Keynes thought , most of the rest of economic life can be left free of official interference .
On the eve of decolonization in 1960 , real GDP per head in Sub-Saharan Africa was almost three times higher than in Southeast Asia , and Africans were expected to live two years longer on average .
In the 50 years since , African real GDP per head grew by 38 % and people lived nine years longer , while in Southeast Asia GDP per head grew by 1000 % and people lived 32 years longer .
Advisers from the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund told African governments to stop subsidizing `` national champions '' and drop their trade barriers .
The development discussion today is essentially about how such preconditions of poverty reduction and economic growth can be achieved without colonialism .
He argues that many African states have fallen into one or several development traps that are extremely difficult to escape .
Considerable evidence indicates that integration could be beneficial for Africa as well , given a framework suitable for African conditions .
The rest of the world can no longer afford Africa 's poverty .
The underlying problem , though , is that both regulators and bankers continue to rely on mathematical models that promise more than they can deliver for managing financial risks .
Russia also will not transform its economic system along Anglo-American lines .
Apart from their incapacity to do so , Russians are well aware of the Anglo-American model 's faults .
Nevertheless , Russia may be able to develop , out of its own spiritual and cultural resources , an attractive alternative to both the American and European models , provided it achieves long run economic success .
A suggestive analogy may be to France during the long period of Anglo-American hegemony .
Broadly speaking , France has been the `` awkward partner '' in the Anglo-American club -- a role it played right up to its orchestration of opposition to the Iraq war in 2003 .
There are simply too many `` nations , '' actual or potential , to form the basis of a world system of states , not least because so many of them , having been jumbled up for centuries , can not now be disentangled .
Micro-states can never be made small enough to satisfy their advocates ' exalted standards of cultural integrity .
The way forward lies in democratic forms of federalism , which can preserve sufficient central authority for the purposes of statehood , while respecting local and regional cultures .
In the absence of an actual world government , this can be done only through cooperation among states .
When objections were raised to Cuba being put on the drafting committee , Harry Dexter White , the American representative , remarked that Cuba 's function was to provide cigars .
If actual output is below potential output , this means that total spending is insufficient to buy what the economy can produce .
Government can either spend more money itself , or try to stimulate private spending by cutting taxes or lowering interest rates .
Some economists -- admittedly a diminishing number -- deny that there can ever be an output gap .
The United States Congressional Budget Office -LRB- CBO -RRB- estimates that American output will be roughly 7 % below its potential in the next two years , making this the worst recession since World War II .
American unemployment is projected to peak at 9.4 % towards the end of 2009 or the beginning of 2010 , and is expected to remain above 7 % at least until the end of 2011 .
This can be illustrated by a simple example .
Some of it will be saved . American household saving has shot up from 0 % to 5 % since the start of the recession , understandably to pay off debt .
Several conclusions can be drawn from what admittedly are back of the envelope calculations .
The trigger for imposing this code of conduct was a scandal over MPs ' expenses , which rocked Britain 's political class for much of 2009 .
It was a scandal with deep historical roots .
Personal honor can no longer be relied upon to keep legislators straight .
The expenses scandal is a symptom of a society in which money has replaced honor .
Societies can decide to protect trust-based ways of life by limiting the scope of developments that undermine it .
After any such media-stoked scandal , there should be a pause to allow better norms to take root .
A central bank can print money , but it can not ensure that the money it prints is spent .
But , unless firmer evidence of recovery comes in the next quarter , European and American officials should prepare to accelerate and expand their spending programs .
The main idea is to reduce the risks that can be taken by any financial institution that is backed by the federal government .
Although there is no real British equivalent of the American revolving door between Washington and Wall Street , the Conservatives are widely considered to be friends of the City of London and soft on rich tax evaders like Lord Ashcroft and Zak Goldsmith .
Although the MPs ' expenses scandal -- parliamentarians claiming reimbursement for dubious expenses -- hit both main parties , the most egregious cases involved wealthy Conservative MPs .
Public spending cuts come more naturally to Conservatives , and they have -- despite their lack of candor -- attempted to make a virtue out of this necessity .
In other words , neither major party can afford to blurt out the awkward truth : how much deficit reduction any government can achieve will depend on what happens to the economy over the next five years , and no one can say anything for certain about that .
With a mental effort , the layperson can then imagine these poisonous sausages , otherwise known as `` toxic assets , '' spreading through the world 's banks , ruining their digestions and crippling the economies they are meant to serve .
Because no social system can survive for long without a moral basis , the issues posed by anti-globalization campaigners are urgent -- all the more so in the midst of the current economic crisis .
People can decide when to stop consuming or what they want to consume .
These `` deep '' axioms are implicit in economics as well , but , if left unscrutinized , they can steer policymakers into a blind alley .
Indeed , all Western governments , with the exception of the Obama administration , are committed to retrenchment -- and Obama can not get a new stimulus package through Congress .
In other words , there can never be involuntary , or unwanted , unemployment .
This reinforces the idea that `` stimulus '' can not do any good , since workers have as much employment as they want .
The classical view of the economy , which Keynes set out to demolish , is not only alive , but in recent years has been dominant , feeding the belief that competitive markets can be left to regulate themselves , will always provide as much employment as is wanted , and are immune to large-scale collapse .
This also fuels opposition to government intervention , and to `` stimulus '' policies , which are supposedly redundant , if not harmful , since the events that require them can not happen -LRB- but do -RRB- .
On the contrary , as they explain , if there are unemployed resources , extra government spending can `` crowd in '' private spending by creating additional demand that would otherwise not exist .
Events and common sense drove them to deficit finance in 2009-2010 , but they have not abandoned the theory that depressions can not happen , and that deficits are therefore always harmful -LRB- except in war ! -RRB- .
Indeed , even the most camera-shy academic can suddenly find himself a TV star in Russia .
The only recent Western political leader I can think of who had the confidence to do this was Bill Clinton .
No country , or civilization , can entirely transcend its history : but each history offers many different possibilities .
He can not openly challenge Putin 's legacy , but he has to position himself as reaching beyond Putin .
It is a difficult balancing act , because Putin can always reclaim the presidency if he believes that his erstwhile protégé wants to dismantle the authoritarian state he has created .
We can learn from the experience of the 1930 's .
But all countries can not simultaneously run trade surpluses .
The US Federal Reserve now proposes to stimulate the American economy by printing more money -- a second round of -LRB- quantitative easing , or QE2 -RRB- , to the tune of $ 600 billion .
Keynes wrote at the time : `` Some people seem to infer ... that output and income can be raised by increasing the quantity of money .
How much longer can this continue ?
Capitalism 's defenders sometimes argue that the spirit of acquisitiveness is so deeply ingrained in human nature that nothing can dislodge it .
This inspired the American way of life , where money always talks .
One can imagine a society of private wealth holders , whose main objective is to lead good lives , not to turn their wealth into `` capital . ''
A `` strongman '' who can not keep order in the streets is of no use to anyone .
But Western democracies ' combination of freedom and order -- the West 's most precious gift to the world -- is the product of a long history that can not be replicated in short order .
Non-Western political systems are typically archaic : good rulers can sleep soundly at night , while bad rulers face continual danger of overthrow from the army or the streets .
Experts have always underestimated the expansionary character of American foreign policy , because they think of expansion in old-world terms : conquest , imperialism , and colonialism .
Though it clearly lacks the power to impose its values by force , the US certainly has the power to unsettle established conditions , both through the attraction of its `` soft power '' -LRB- the American way of life -RRB- and by the exemplary use of force .
But , taking the long view , can anyone doubt that the invasion had the effect of shaking up the pieces , not just in Iraq , but across the Islamic chessboard ?
That is why I am not at all sure that the street uprisings in Egypt , following those in Tunisia , and now spreading to other Muslim-majority countries , can be interpreted simply as traditional forms of protest against bad rulers .
Surely , this sentiment can be traced back to the US invasion and forcible overthrow of Saddam Hussein .
If we want to hold fast to any vision of progress , this is an indispensable role , and only America can play it today .
The West -- mainly the Anglo-American part of it -- had recovered some of its pride and nerve under US President Ronald Reagan and British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher .
Ferguson , too , can make a sound argument for such a proposition .
Chinese savings are underwriting much of the American civilizing mission that Ferguson applauds .
A speculator can `` short '' a government by borrowing its debt at its current price , in the hope of selling it later at a lower price and pocketing the difference .
Of course , a single short seller can not `` make '' the price of an asset -LRB- unless he is George Soros , whose famous bet against the British pound in 1992 made him a billionaire and forced Britain out of the European exchange-rate mechanism -RRB- .
But if a bunch of speculators decide -LRB- rightly or wrongly -RRB- that a government 's debt is overpriced , they can force down its price , thereby forcing up its yield -LRB- the interest rate that the government must pay -RRB- .
If the attack persists , speculators can force a government to default on its debt , unless it can find a way to finance its borrowing more cheaply .
Moreover , no one can predict the discovery of new knowledge ; if they could , it would already have been discovered .
To the Anglo-American economist , any such proposal is anathema , because it smacks of the dreaded `` lump of labor '' fallacy -- the idea , once popular in trade-union circles , that there exists only a certain amount of work , and it should be shared out fairly .
On this topic , there is no shortage of expert plans -- among them bond buy-backs , bond swaps , and the creation of Eurobonds , a European version of the `` Brady '' bonds issued by Latin American countries that defaulted in the 1980 's .
No one who is not well versed in financial legerdemain can make much sense of this battle of the bonds .
Instead , it has agreed to establish bailout mechanisms such as the European Financial Stability Facility and the European Financial Stabilization Mechanism , which can lend up to ¤ 500 billion -LRB- $ 680 billion -RRB- combined , with the International Monetary Fund providing an additional ¤ 250 billion .
Heavily indebted eurozone members can apply to borrow from them at less than the commercial rate , conditional on their committing to ever more drastic fiscal austerity .
What was needed was cancelation of reparations and inter-Allied war debts as a whole , together with a big reconstruction loan to put the shattered European economies back on their feet .
In 1919 , Keynes produced a grand plan for comprehensive debt cancellation , plus a new bond issue , guaranteed by the Allied powers , whose proceeds would go to victors and vanquished alike .
The Americans , who would have had to provide most of the money , vetoed the plan .
According to monetary economist Charles Goodhart , a significantly faster-than-normal growth rate for bank credit , house prices , and leverage will give the authorities sufficient warning of impending crisis .
In short , the new regulatory philosophy replaces the illusion that banks can safely be left to manage their risks with the illusion that regulators will do it for them .
In their classical religious form , such beliefs rely on signs and omens , like earthquakes and sunspots , which can be interpreted , by reference to biblical passages , as portending a great cataclysm and cleansing .
Thus , apocalyptic moments are products of a sense of crisis : they can be triggered by wars and natural disasters .
But important scientific beliefs can now be said to be held religiously , rather than scientifically .
LONDON -- Senator John McCain , the Republican presidential candidate , has been calling for the creation of a `` League of Democracies . ''
One can not imagine India or Brazil wanting to be part of any such a combination .
It is up to the chastened nations of Western Europe , which broadly share American values but have learned something about political patience , to rein in the American fantasy of re-making the world in its own image .
The neo-classical revolution believed that markets were much more cyclically stable than Keynes believed , that the risks in all market transactions can be known in advance , and that prices will therefore always reflect objective probabilities .
What gives economics the appearance of a science is that its propositions can be expressed mathematically by abstracting from many decisive characteristics of the real world .
Unhappy with the capitalist consumer society that was metastasizing all around them , West European and American students attacked the system from far-left positions .
For the Westerners , the main threat was American imperialism , blamed for the `` dirty '' war in Vietnam .
If we can not do what it takes to make them more effective , we will increasingly find that nations will bypass them altogether .
It thus set the stage for UN officials to establish the `` Rules of Engagement '' -LRB- ROEs -RRB- for its peacekeepers , which dictate when and under what circumstances UN troops can fire their weapons to defend themselves .
In American domestic politics , these kinds of commands from the US Congress to states are known as `` unfunded mandates ; '' ordering results without providing the resources necessary to achieve them .
Instead , the job falls to the Lebanese government and armed forces , who need all the help they can get from the international community .
But today the international community has a tremendous window of opportunity to secure a small but significant peace in the Middle East along the volatile border of Lebanon and Israel .
Lawyers can not practice without judges to hear their cases .
Within these limited areas , independent judges and the lawyers who can argue before them have a home .
And judges can not strike down legislation .
Obviously , this scale limits the speed with which new prime movers can be introduced to replace any significant share of the old devices .
Twelve months later , Russia drummed home the significance of that act by shutting off oil supplies to Belarus for three days , causing a ripple effect on shipments to Western Europe .
The West European EU members have shown scant concern over Russian pressure tactics against the new members in Central and Eastern Europe , calling into question the extent of EU solidarity regarding energy supplies .
There is also another level of solidarity , which we can call universal or global solidarity .
A `` revolt of the middle classes '' that increasingly refuse to pay for society 's `` underdogs '' is accompanied by budgetary constraints that can also make solidarity seem a luxury .
The promised annual EU payments to the candidate members are far below those made to current members .
But the difference in treatment of the current candidate countries does not just reflect budgetary problems .
The sense of solidarity between the candidate countries and current EU members is further weakened by the problem of external security . The accession states only recently regained their independence , and so retain a feeling of uncertainty as to their security .
Such a tendency can contribute to a further weakening of solidarity and deepening of intra-European divisions .
But can a Kerry-led US get a fresh start in Europe ?
Their leaders can scarcely hold their tongues , so badly do they want a Kerry victory .
Europe can not give an openly negative answer to Kerry 's request for help , because that would be a slap in the face to the most pro-European American likely to be elected president anytime soon .
The near certainty that the House of Representatives will be in Republican hands , and perhaps the Senate , too , means that America 's Congress will pounce on any supposed attempt by Kerry to `` sell out '' Bush 's war .
The US must accept this principle , and recognize that Europe is a partner , not merely a servant , whether willing or unwilling , of American orders .
Europe , for its part , must not only show that it feels responsible for the world , but that it is ready and willing to act accordingly by contributing in a significant way to reconstructing Iraq .
Europe 's military means may be limited , but it has important experience in peacekeeping and `` state building '' that can be brought to bear .
Over time , however , the interest-rate premium is likely to be small , because higher capital requirements and contingent capital should significantly reduce the likelihood of ever reaching the triggers .
With the Taliban on the run , sighs of relief can be heard as far away as Indonesia .
They were but another sign of the scant political honeymoon she enjoyed .
Grumbling about her `` slow motion '' style of government can be heard everywhere ; applause for her few accomplishments - such as weathering the Islamic storm - is slight .
He is the only viable rival candidate for President Megawati 's job , and would be the man to step into the presidential palace should she be removed .
Such inaction can not last if national unity is to be maintained .
Radical Muslim groups have declared holy war , `` jihad , '' which has complicated and aggravated conflicts in the Moluccan islands .
In the first month of the war on terrorism , some Islamic political parties were drawn into anti-American protests and even Vice President Hamzah Haz -LRB- chairman of one of Indonesia 's strongest Islamic parties -RRB- was tempted to ride this tiger for a time .
Nothing is completely isolated , and `` foreign affairs '' no longer exists : everything has become national , even personal . Other people 's problems are now our problems , and we can no longer look on them with indifference , or hope to reap some personal gain from them .
The weak , when certain that they can not win , can hurt the strongest -- and even make them lose . In contrast to the centuries-old Westphalian order of nation-states , in which each state 's specific weight was the determining factor , in a world of interdependency , the security , economic stability , health , and environment of the strongest is continually a hostage of the weakest .
Not surprisingly , a contagious globalization that increases vulnerability inevitably triggers preventive and defensive strategies that are not always proportionate or reasonable . The xenophobia and chauvinism that some of the defensive strategies can awaken may end up doing more harm than the threats from which they were intended to protect us .
So , in this era of global warming , smart bombs , cyber warfare , and worldwide epidemics , our societies must be protected with more complex and subtle strategies . We can not continue to pursue strategies that ignore our common exposure to global risks , and the resulting environment of mutual dependence .
The challenge of governing global risks is nothing less than the challenge of preventing the `` end of history '' -- not as the placid apotheosis of liberal democracy 's global victory , but as the worst collective failure we can imagine .
In the United States , there has been no energy debate at the federal level for a long time ; the European Union is in the eye of a financial hurricane ; and the emerging countries want to maintain rapid economic growth in order to lift millions out of poverty .
Only when we understand this can we develop appropriate and concrete policies .
I firmly believe that the military option alone can not defeat terror .
And the EU remains the only organization that can call on a full panoply of instruments and resources that complement the traditional foreign policy tools of its member states , both to pre-empt or prevent a crisis and to restore peace and rebuild institutions after a conflict .
Our success with Operation Artemis , in the Democratic Republic of Congo , where the EU intervened in 2003 after violent clashes and a humanitarian crisis in Bunia , helped prepare us to mount our EUFOR operation in Chad and the Central African Republic and EUNAVFOR Somalia , which South Africa has expressed an interest in joining .
A Security Strategy for the 21st Century MADRID -- `` Time and again in our Nation 's history , Americans have risen to meet -- and to shape -- moments of transition .
In the fight against terrorism , the Strategy abandons the predominantly military viewpoint underlying the war against terror , and embraces a more significant role for the intelligence services .
Military action can not be considered the only variable of success .
The same can be said for transparency , accountability , and regulation of the bank tax .
The attention of US President Barack Obama is centered on matters of great importance , such as the Middle East , his evolving strategy in Afghanistan , and the struggling American economy .
This path can also ease US concerns about lower European defense spending .
But coordinating and sharing capacities can help both partners deal with the new nature of conflicts .
Here , the EU can exercise leadership , for this is a political process that has only just begun .
The US has been behind the curve from the moment the turmoil sparked , trying to play catch up as two authoritarian governments were toppled by popular protest and more regimes try to cling to power as long as they can .
Whereas the demands of Arab demonstrators concern governance at home , the current turmoil can be used to help end a conflict that has confounded the world for decades . Delaying the Israeli-Palestinian peace process would be a costly blunder .
For the US , sympathy for Arab publics yearning for freedom can not exclude compassion for Palestinians dreaming of lives of dignity , which for them includes ending the occupation .
To argue that peacemaking ca n't be successful when governments and regimes are in flux ignores the fact that it is precisely in such circumstances that outsiders can help shape the process .
Any threat to the canal 's normal operations would shift the Far East-Europe route to the southern tip of Africa , marginalizing the Mediterranean -LRB- and sending costs soaring -RRB- .
The good that Turkey can bring to Europe was visible even before the `` Arab Spring . ''
In 1999 , Turkey did not want to become an accession candidate , because its leaders thought that the conditions would be too tough .
It has launched strategic partnerships with Brazil , Canada , China , India , Japan , Mexico , Russia , South Africa , the US , the African Union , and NATO .
How can the EU expect other powers to apply multilateral principles that it ignores ?
The Greening of Work MONACO -- When environment ministers from some 100 countries meet here on February 20-22 for UNEP 's Governing Council and Environmental Forum , talks will focus on environmentally friendly `` green growth '' and ways and means by which the world can achieve a low-carbon economy .
Significantly , labor is adding to the effort .
Now , after one generation of economic and demographic stagnation , the welfare state can be financed only by issuing more public debt .
Such an ambiguous declaration can be interpreted either as active support for the Russian police or as passive collaboration .
Clearly , human-right activists in Russia can not and should not count on Microsoft as an ally in their efforts to build a more open society .
These tools can be used by Iranians fighting dictatorship , or by Tibetan dissidents trying to save their culture .
They also can be used to compute the number of exterminated Jews , to arrest a Chinese dissident , or to break a human-rights group in Russia .
That is a worrying trend , and not only for Japan : South Korea can hardly stand alone as the lone Asian democracy .
This European model succeeded beyond anyone 's wildest dreams , and for decades was the envy of the world in a way that neither `` Wild West '' American capitalism , nor Soviet and Maoist state socialism , ever could be .
Every year , 24 million middle-class American families get a refund from the Internal Revenue Service .
That discriminatory pattern can be found everywhere in Western Europe as well .
Anybody can grasp how child benefits for the wealthy or retirement at only 62 is unjustifiable .
Intuitively , the middle class can see that this is the end of an era .
Only the United States can indefinitely print its own currency and increase its debt .
In order to preserve their shared domination , they have more or less agreed to a `` Republican Front '' strategy aimed at excluding the National Front in the second round of all elections .
Thus , in a direct run-off between a Front candidate and a Socialist or UMP candidate , the Socialists and the UMP usually vote for each other .
The most striking demonstration of this `` Republican '' alliance was the 2002 Presidential election , when , with Socialist support , Jacques Chirac , the Gaullist incumbent , received 85 % of the popular vote in the run-off against Jean-Marie Le Pen .
So far , this `` Republican Front '' strategy of exclusion has succeeded in keeping the far right out of any significant political office for four decades , but it has never reduced the size of its electoral base .
For last Sunday 's run-off , however , Sarkozy broke with convention : in races where a Socialist candidate faced off against the National Front , his position was `` No , neither . ''
Remarkable propagandist that he was , de Gaulle convinced the French that the Fourth Republic was a disaster -- a canard that has remained common wisdom ever since .
Democracy from a French perspective looks too American .
Like the Mona Lisa in the Louvre , the French Revolution 's clarion call for universal rights can be admired only from behind bullet-proof glass , and it is definitely too precious to be exported .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy tries to rekindle growth through the protectionist defense of `` national industries '' and huge investments in public infrastructure , so what more can Socialists ask for ?
When the right has turned statist and Keynesian , the free market 's true believers are marginalized , and old-style anti-capitalism seems archaic , one wonders what Socialism in Europe can possibly mean ?
And , since Barack Obama 's election , anti-Americanism is no longer a viable way to garner support .
It can cling to office , as José Zapatero is doing in Spain and Gordon Brown is doing in the UK .
European prosecutors tend to lean to the left , whereas their Latin American and Japanese counterparts tend to be conservative and pro-establishment .
When one looks closely at the careers of judges in the above-mentioned countries , the law can vary , but cooptation is the usual rule of the game : a successful judge or prosecutor , in order to climb the professional ladder , must follow the guidance of his peers and increase the influence of his corporation .
Aspiring judicial candidates usually want to `` clean up '' society .
As American and British troops prepare to invade Iraq , public opinion in these countries does not support war without UN authorization . The rest of the world is overwhelmingly opposed to war .
These pillars support two classes of sovereignty : American sovereignty , which takes precedence over international treaties and obligations ; and the sovereignty of all other states .
The doublespeak is needed because the doctrine contradicts American values .
The idea that might is right can not be reconciled with the idea of an open society . Hence the need for Orwellian doublespeak .
Those who make such claims are bound to be wrong at times , and so can enforce their claims only by coercion and repression .
The principles of open society are enshrined in the Declaration of Independence and the institutions of American democracy are protected by the Constitution .
I see parallels between the Bush administration 's pursuit of American supremacy and a boom-bust process or bubble in the stock market .
Here , the dominant position of the US is the reality , the pursuit of American supremacy the misconception .
The sooner this happens , the better . That is how I view the Bush administration 's pursuit of American supremacy .
Afghanistan has been liberated , but law and order has not been established beyond Kabul . Indeed , President Karzai must be protected by American bodyguards .
In the long run , open society can not survive unless the people who live in it believe in it .
Brazil 's problems can not be blamed on anything Brazil has done wrong ; responsibility falls squarely on international financial authorities .
But there can be no lender of last resort without a modicum of moral hazard .
Once we recognize the problem , solutions can be found .
The right question to ask is this : what level of interest rates can be reconciled with reasonable growth ?
A primary surplus of 3.75 % then becomes the maximum , not the minimum , that can be exacted , and it can support real interest rates of not more than 10 % .
The world 's task is to find instruments that can minimize the possibility of moral hazard and yet keep the level of real risk within tolerable bounds .
This is why financial markets can not be left to their own devices .
At the same time , Brazil - which has followed sound economic policies and has healthy budget and trade surpluses - can not refinance its debt at acceptable rates .
It is now recognized that this can lead to what economists call `` multiple equilibria , '' but we continue to deny the clear implication that financial markets can not be left to their own devices .
Countries that can not borrow in international markets in their own currency lack that power .
What can prevent the situation from deteriorating further and perhaps culminating in a systemic crisis ?
If no lender of last resort ensures that credit is available at or below 10 % , Brazil can not be expected to meet its obligations - dealing a terrible blow both to Brazil and the international financial system .
Most importantly , a small but growing core of experienced and dedicated young Roma leaders is emerging who can work both within their communities and with governments to overcome poverty and discrimination .
We can not afford to leave the Roma behind .
Many countries with significant mineral deposits or valuable cash crops are in the grip of repressive or corrupt regimes or torn apart by armed conflict .
Money and its role in American politics is a subject of constant debate .
Many believe that essentially unlimited private money favors the Republicans .
I and a number of other wealthy Americans are contributing millions of dollars to grass-roots organizations engaged in the 2004 presidential election .
If Americans reject the president 's policies at the polls , America can write off the Bush Doctrine as a temporary aberration and resume its rightful place in the world .
If American voters endorse those policies , the US shall have to live with the hostility of the world and endure a vicious cycle of escalating violence .
Rather than a debate on the issues , there 's been a lot of name-calling about my donations by such groups as the Republican National Committee and the National Rifle Association .
America 's most recent campaign finance law attempts to limit the influence that special interests can gain by financing candidates and so level the playing field between the Republican and Democratic parties .
He relies on donors he calls `` Pioneers , '' who collect $ 100,000 apiece in campaign contributions in increments that fall within the legal limit of $ 2,000 that any individual can give , and on those he calls `` Rangers , '' who collect at least $ 200,000 .
To counter the fundraising advantage obtained by this strategy , I have contributed to independent organizations that by law are forbidden to coordinate their activities with the political parties or candidates .
Among other measures , it calls for an increase in the federal match for small contributions and would raise the spending limit for candidates who accept public funding to $ 75 million -- changes that would reduce the bias toward big-money donors .
Free airtime for candidates is also important . This would reduce the cost of campaigns and the distorting effect of commercials .
According to the European security document adopted in 2003 , `` It is in the interest of the European Union to promote a ring of well-governed countries on its borders with whom it can enjoy close and cooperative relations . ''
But the initiative can not fulfill its great promise as long as it stays within the Brussels bureaucracy .
This is of vital interest to Europe but it can not succeed without adequate political and financial support .
While the EU can not hold out the prospect of membership , Russia is happy to offer membership in a reconstituted empire .
Georgia itself needs all the help it can get , which requires an emergency action plan different from the others .
What happened at Abu Ghraib was not a case of a few bad apples , but a pattern tolerated and even encouraged by American authorities .
It is easy to see how terrorism can lead to torture .
Americans , sadly , are now victims who have turned into perpetrators .
This fact is unrecognized at home because the victims of the war on terror are not Americans .
If this continues and Bush is reelected , Americans must ask the question : `` What is wrong with us ? ''
They have made Americans fearful and found a willing co-conspirator in the Bush administration .
By succumbing to fear Americans are doing the terrorists ' bidding : unleashing a vicious cycle of violence that may result in a permanent state of war .
That attitude can not be reconciled with an open society , a concept based on the recognition that nobody possesses ultimate truth .
It is not enough to reject the Bush administration 's policies ; Americans must reaffirm the values and principles of an open society .
The war on terror is an aberration . America must defend itself against terrorist attacks , but that can not be allowed to become the overarching objective of its existence .
Today , no single country or combination of countries can stand up to American military might .
If Americans fail to recognize that they may be wrong , they risk undermining the country 's dominant position .
If Americans want to preserve their privileged position , they must not use it to dictate to the rest of the world , but for the well being of others .
Americans can not do anything they want , but little can be done without US leadership or active participation .
President George W. Bush is endangering the United States and the world 's safety while undermining American values .
There are many more people willing to risk their lives to kill Americans than there were on September 11 .
Bush likes to insist that terrorists hate Americans for what they are - a freedom loving people - not what they do .
We count the body bags of American soldiers - over 1,000 in Iraq .
Bush convinced people that he is good for American security by playing on the fears generated by the 9\/11 attacks .
There must be something wrong with Americans if we fall for it .
For instance , some 40 % of Americans still believe that Saddam Hussein was connected with 9\/11 , although the 9\/11 Commission - set up by Bush and chaired by a Republican - definitively established that no such connection existed .
But democracy can not be imposed by force .
Saddam Hussein was a tyrant , and Iraqis - and the world - can rejoice in being rid of him .
Worse still , when American soldiers encountered resistance , they employed methods - invading homes and mistreating prisoners - that alienated and humiliated the population , generating resentment and rage .
The Bush administration can be criticized for many other policies , but none are as important as Iraq .
Americans should step back for a moment and ask : who got them into this mess ?
President George W. Bush 's second inaugural address set forth an ambitious vision of the role of the United States in advancing the cause of freedom worldwide , fueling worldwide speculation over the course of American foreign policy during the next four years .
Similarly , Bush recognizes that outsiders can not force liberty on people .
That is precisely the possibility that Bush refuses to acknowledge , and his denial appeals to a significant segment of the American public .
But the critical process that is at the core of an open society -- which the US abandoned for eighteen months after September 11 , 2001 -- can not be forsaken .
A better understanding of the concept of open society requires that promoting freedom and democracy and promoting American values and interests be distinguished .
If it is freedom and democracy that are wanted , they can be fostered only by strengthening international law and international institutions .
Bush is right to assert that repressive regimes can no longer hide behind a cloak of sovereignty : what goes on inside tyrannies and failed states is of vital interest to the rest of the world .
America can not do whatever it wants , as the Iraqi debacle has demonstrated ; but , at the same time , nothing much can be achieved in the way of international cooperation without US leadership , or at least active participation .
Only by taking these lessons to heart can progress be made towards the lofty goals that Bush announced .
After all , the UN Charter provides that `` the Secretary-General shall be appointed by the General Assembly upon the recommendation of the Security Council . '' The original concept was that the two bodies would reach a consensus on a candidate .
In practice , however , the five permanent members now agree on a candidate , and their decision is rubber-stamped first by the Security Council and then by the General Assembly .
For example , the General Assembly should hold public hearings in which candidates are interviewed , thereby greatly enhancing the stature of the candidate who is eventually selected .
Unfortunately , the American public accepted uncritically the war metaphor as the obvious response to 9\/11 .
Indeed , even now , when it is widely admitted that the invasion of Iraq was a blunder , the â ¤ oewar on terror '' remains the frame into which American policy has to fit .
Taken together , these factors ensure that the war on terror can not be won .
Most importantly , the war on terror has diverted attention from other urgent tasks that require American leadership , such as finishing the job that we correctly began in Afghanistan , addressing the looming global energy crisis , and dealing with nuclear proliferation .
With American influence at low ebb , the world is in danger of sliding into a vicious cycle of escalating violence .
We can escape it only if we Americans repudiate the war on terror as a false metaphor .
Popper pointed out that an open society can be endangered by abstract , universal ideologies like communism and fascism .
Because these ideologies ' claim to be in possession of the ultimate truth is bound to be false , they can be imposed on society only through repression and compulsion .
But President George W. Bush 's war on terror undermined the basic principles of American democracy by expanding executive powers .
It increased the terrorist threat by creating innocent victims , while leading to a precipitous decline in American power and influence .
The EU can not possibly take the place of the US as the world 's leader .
But it can set an example , both within its own borders and beyond .
The prospect of membership has been the most powerful tool in turning candidate countries into open societies .
What this means in principle can be stated concisely : the EU needs a common foreign policy .
Needless to say , a common EU foreign policy should not be anti-American .
But the EU can set an example of international cooperation that the US , under a different leadership -- which is bound to come -- would eventually emulate .
Many of these techniques were developed in connection with the advertising and marketing of commercial products and services , and then adapted to politics . Their distinguishing feature is that they can be bought for money .
These professionals take pride in their accomplishments , and may even enjoy the respect of an American public that admires success no matter how it is achieved .
That fact casts doubt on Karl Popper 's concept of open society , which is based on the recognition that , while perfect knowledge is unattainable , we can gain a better understanding of reality by engaging in critical thinking .
But in politics the electorate 's perception of reality can be easily manipulated .
The separation of powers , free speech , and free elections alone can not ensure open society ; a strong commitment to the pursuit of truth is also required .
We need to introduce new ground rules for political discourse . These can not be identical to scientific method , but they should be similar in character , enshrining the pursuit of truth as the criteria on which political views are to be judged .
The most effective techniques operate at the subconscious level . When emotions can be aroused by methods that bypass consciousness , the public is left largely defenseless .
One influential technique -- which Republican pollster Frank Luntz says that he learned from 1984 - simply reverses meanings and turns reality on its head .
For example , David Horowitz , who accuses me of being `` the Lenin of the anti-American conspiracy , '' is a former Trotskyite for whom opponents are never adversaries to be debated , but rather enemies to be crushed .
The American public has proven remarkably susceptible to the manipulation of truth , which increasingly dominates the country 's political discourse .
Americans are now awakening , as if from a bad dream .
What we have learned from recent years ' experience -- what we should have known all along -- is that the supremacy of critical thought in political discourse can not be taken for granted .
It can be ensured only by an electorate that respects reality and punishes politicians who lie or engage in other forms of deception .
The package can , however , prepare the ground by modifying bankruptcy law as it relates to principal residences .
Not every bank deserves to be saved , but the experts at the Federal Reserve , with proper supervision , can be counted on to make the right judgments .
The objection that they would take too long to serve a countercyclical purpose can be rejected on the grounds that the recession is also likely to last a long time .
Countries on the periphery tend to be poorer and more dependent on commodities than the more developed world , and they must repay more than $ 1.4 trillion in bank loans in 2009 alone . These loans can not be rolled over without international assistance .
The US has recognized that only using the credit of the state to the fullest extent possible can reverse the collapse of credit in the private sector .
Both positions are firmly held and can be buttressed by arguments that are valid from the point of view of the country concerned .
As things stand now , the G-20 meeting will produce some concrete results : the resources of the International Monetary Fund are likely to be effectively doubled , mainly by using the mechanism of the New Arrangement to Borrow -LRB- NAB -RRB- , which can be activated without resolving the vexing question of reapportioning voting rights in the IFIs .
Former United States Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan and others have argued that if markets ca n't recognize bubbles , neither can regulators .
They can then correct their mistakes .
As a result , market risks can be equated with the risks confronting individual market participants .
But markets are subject to imbalances that individual participants may ignore if they think they can offload their positions on someone else .
Regulators , by contrast , can not ignore these imbalances , because if too many participants are on the same side , positions can not be liquidated without causing a discontinuity or , worse , financial collapse .
Losing on a long position reduces one 's risk exposure , while losing on a short position increases it , so one can be more patient being long and wrong than being short and wrong .
The negative effect is reinforced by the fact that , because CDS contracts are tradable , they tend to be priced as warrants , which can be sold at any time , rather than as options , which would require an actual default to be cashed in .
The dollar no longer enjoys the trust and confidence that it once did , yet no other currency can take its place .
The system can not survive in its present form , and the US has more to lose by not being in the forefront of reforming it .
It can no longer impose its will on others , as George W. Bush 's administration sought to do , but it could lead a cooperative effort to involve both the developed and the developing world , thereby reestablishing American leadership in an acceptable form .
But if there is a `` double dip '' recession , Americans will become susceptible to all kinds of fear mongering and populist demagogy .
China is replacing the American consumer as the motor of the world economy . Since it is a smaller motor , the world economy will grow slower , but China 's influence will rise very fast .
Humpty Dumpty can not be put together again .
But the global financial system that emerged was fundamentally unstable , because it was built on the false premise that financial markets can be safely left to their own devices .
That is why it broke down , and that is why it can not be put together again .
Businesses would move to countries where the regulatory climate is the most benign , exposing other countries to risks that they can not afford to run .
This can be seen in Europe , where the European Union 's member states can not agree among themselves on a uniform set of financial rules .
How , then , can the rest of the world ?
They have just experienced a significant jump in their national debts , and they still need to stimulate their domestic economies . This colors their attitudes .
In September 2009 , the IMF distributed to its members $ 283 billion worth of Special Drawing Rights , an arcane financial instrument , but one that essentially constitutes additional foreign exchange .
They can be used only by converting them into one of four currencies , at which point they begin to carry interest at those currencies ' combined treasury-bill rate .
Spain , which has been more successful in dealing with its Roma problem than other countries , can take the lead this month as it assumes the European Union presidency .
Spain can be justly proud of the way it has dealt with its own Roma minority .
When the financial system is in danger of collapsing , the central bank can provide liquidity , but only a treasury can deal with problems of solvency .
If member countries can not take the next steps forward , the euro may fall apart , with adverse consequences for the EU .
The most effective solution would be to issue jointly and separately guaranteed eurobonds to refinance , say , 75 % of the maturing debt , as long as Greece meets its agreed-upon targets , leaving Greece to finance the rest of its needs as best it can .
This would significantly reduce the cost of financing , and it would be the equivalent of the IMF disbursing its loans in tranches as long as conditions are met .
The question is whether the political will to take these steps can be generated .
NEW YORK -- Goldman Sachs , we can be sure , will vigorously contest the civil suit brought against it by the United States Security and Exchange Commission -LRB- SEC -RRB- .
Such activity can not be allowed to continue .
Ordinary securities must be registered with the SEC before they can be traded .
Derivatives can serve many useful purposes , but they also contain hidden dangers .
For instance , they can pile up hidden imbalances in supply or demand , which may suddenly be revealed when a threshold is breached .
The subsequent introduction of circuit-breakers tacitly acknowledged that derivatives can cause disruptions , but the proper conclusions were not drawn .
But , because they are freely tradable , they can be used to mount bear raids -- a type of stock market strategy by which a trader -LRB- or group of traders -RRB- attempts to force down the price of a stock to cover a short position .
It will be the task of regulators to understand derivatives and synthetic securities , and to refuse to allow their creation if they can not fully evaluate the systemic risks .
That task can not be left to investors , contrary to the diktats of the market fundamentalist dogma that prevailed until recently .
The only plausible explanation is that tailor-made derivatives can facilitate tax avoidance and manipulation of earnings .
Germany can not be blamed for wanting a strong currency and a balanced budget , but as the strongest and most creditworthy country , it is unwittingly imposing its deflationary policies on the rest of the eurozone .
The rest of Europe would become competitive and could grow its way out of its difficulties but Germany would find out how painful it can be to have an overvalued currency .
Roma want to and can integrate if they are given the opportunity , as my foundation 's programs have shown .
The plight of the Roma is not just a short-term security problem that can be addressed by draconian measures to move people forcibly from one member state to another .
Europe can not afford another lost generation .
Most importantly , this arrangement allows the Chinese government to skim off a significant slice from the value of Chinese exports without interfering with the incentives that make people work so hard and make their labor so productive .
China 's leaders need to recognize that their country can not continue rising without paying more attention to the interests of its trading partners .
Only China is in a position to initiate a process of international cooperation , because it can offer the enticement of renminbi appreciation .
With hindsight , one can identify other deficiencies in the euro of which its architects were unaware .
Both mistakes can be corrected .
With regard to the second problem , the interest rate on rescue packages should be reduced to the rate at which the EU itself can borrow on the market .
CANCÚN -- The official communiqué from the Cancún climate-change conference can not disguise the fact that there will be no successor to the Kyoto Protocol when it expires at the end of 2012 .
This sounds like bad news , because it means that there will be no international price on carbon , and , without a market price , it is difficult to see how the reduction of carbon emissions can be efficiently organized .
But appearances can be deceiving .
Currently , the dispute revolves around how governments will deliver $ 100 billion annually by 2020 to help developing countries confront climate change , given that even the $ 10 billion Fast Track Fund can not be cobbled together without using smoke and mirrors .
These efforts can serve as a prototype for assisting other countries such as Guyana , where the current forest-preservation scheme does not work so well .
In the US , the Republicans , who won the mid-term elections , were determined to extend the Bush tax cuts in their entirety .
The US , in turn , can not understand why China should be so reluctant to allow the renminbi to appreciate , as doing so would help to dampen inflationary pressures .
It is much more efficient than taxation as a means of skimming a significant share of payments for Chinese exports , which accrue as currency reserves and can be used at the central government 's discretion .
China would prefer to improve the trade balance through removal of trade barriers rather than exchange-rate adjustment , because it is reluctant to put additional strain on its export industries and eager to gain access to American technology .
Since China is the obvious market for these minerals , it would make sense for China to encourage continued American engagement by making a significant contribution to the cost of training the Afghan army .
But the Chinese leadership declined the offer , explaining that China is a developing country that can hardly meet its own people 's needs .
Only if China pays closer attention to how it is perceived and accepted by the rest of the world can it continue to rise in a peaceful manner .
Worried neighbors are likely to seek protection under the wings of the American eagle , reinforcing the US military budget , which is already oversized .
Otherwise , deficit countries will have no reason to hope that they can escape their predicament no matter how hard they work .
Indeed , these well-kept industry and government secrets can have serious and widespread repercussions .
If European regulators can agree on this requirement for all extractive-industry companies listed on their stock exchanges , this transparency norm will be applied to companies regardless of where their headquarters are located .
Now the world must look to the G-20 summit in Cannes this November to make an unequivocal commitment to the reporting requirements needed , given that important emerging economies such as Brazil , India , and China , as well as South Africa and other resource-rich African countries , will be at the table .
They labored under the misconception that financial markets can correct their own excesses , so the rules were designed to rein in only public-sector excesses .
The governments of the eurozone have taken some significant steps in the right direction to resolve the euro crisis but , obviously , they did not go far enough to reassure the markets .
And they offered an extended aid package to Greece without building a convincing case that the rescue can succeed : they arranged for the participation of bondholders in the Greek rescue package , but the arrangement benefited the banks more than Greece .
Only Germany can reverse the dynamic of disintegration in Europe .
Merkel can overcome political resistance only in a crisis atmosphere , and only in small steps .
The only way that Europe can escape from this trap is by acting in anticipation of financial markets ' reactions , rather than yielding to their pressure after the fact .
The question is whether the German public can be convinced of this argument .
And , just as importantly , they now understand that it is not enough to ensure that governments can finance their debt at reasonable interest rates ; they must also address the weakness of Europe 's banking system .
Governments can not afford to recapitalize the banks now ; it would leave them with insufficient funds to deal with the sovereign-debt problem .
Governments can , however , provide a credible guarantee , given their power to tax .
But , in the meantime , governments can call upon the European Central Bank , which the eurozone member states already fully guarantee on a pro rata basis .
Indeed , the crisis of 1997-99 can be at least in part attributed to the premature opening up of the capital markets of developing countries before their financial institutions were equal to the task .
As a result , the risk premium for emerging market finance has risen significantly and the risk\/reward calculation has shifted against investing in emerging markets .
The two objectives are connected : It is only by offering incentives that the IMF can exert stronger influence on the economic policies of individual countries prior to a country turning to the IMF in a crisis situation .
For example , the IMF currently has no power to impose burden-sharing , nor can it offer bankruptcy-type protection against creditor suits during debt re-organizations -LRB- United States Secretary of Treasury O'Neill recently indicated support for such a mechanism -RRB- .
But the main objections can not be addressed by the WTO itself .
Still , significant changes in WTO rules should be made to take care of valid objections .
As things stand now , no country can use trade sanctions to impose its own standards on another country when an imported product is physically the same as the nationally produced one .
It can be argued that this process has gone too far , posing an obstacle to research that is of great importance for the developing world .
This is so , we can rightfully assume , because human beings are the only beings that comprehend death -- that of others as well as our own .
It can be human gestures and actions , even when they are futile or squandered on the wrong people .
A state can threaten death , but , as many totalitarian regimes have learned , no one is stronger - and possibly more dangerous - than those who have overcome the fear of death .
We doggedly fight to prolong life , only to find that we can not win this battle - and are left unable to produce authentic rituals to accompany the end of our existence .
Next comes a desire to eliminate quietly those who can no longer be seen as members of the social world .
Moreover , in the absence of an impartial judge , a winner can always impose his `` truth '' upon the vanquished , as happened with the Treaty of Versailles after World War I.
The latter alone , provided no permanent member of the Security Council disagrees , can decide whether a war is legitimized by a `` just cause '' -LRB- nowadays generally a gross breach of human rights -RRB- .
Behind this is the notion that respect for human rights can be enforced externally , together with the hope that rulers will behave better because they recognize that they may be held accountable for violating human rights .
The flip side of the criminalization of `` aggressive '' war is the fact that peace is also no longer a reliable legal state that can be ended only by a formal declaration of war .
Countries unwilling or unable to prevent terrorist violence emanating from their territory forfeit their right to territorial integrity , and others can declare war on them to pursue the problem at its root .
But those who adhere to the motto `` Terror can only be countered with terror '' should remember who coined that phrase : Adolf Hitler .
Insufficient harmonization , however , has often allowed member states to erect barriers to competition , which can only be removed by consistent implementation of laws and standards .
Adoption of a common set of advanced accounting principles will remove a key obstacle to meaningful comparison of European listed companies ' profitability , although more needs to be done to achieve common standards of enforcement , as recent corporate scandals show .
No obvious solution to this problem exists in a multi-venue world , where `` best execution '' can neither be presumed nor categorically defined .
As stated in the so-called Giovannini Report to the European Commission , `` The post-trade landscape could be significantly improved by market-led convergence across national systems . ''
Domestic problems and regional instability mean foreign policy is becoming an increasingly rocky road for the ruling African National Congress -LRB- ANC -RRB- government of President Thabo Mbeki .
He extolled the notion of an `` African renaissance '' in which Africans are committed to find African solutions for African problems .
The persistence of the Zimbabwean crisis profoundly damages South Africa 's claim to leadership of efforts at African transformation via organizations such as NEPAD , which is largely dependent on Western aid .
In the face of Western and , in particular , American skepticism about South Africa 's failure , and that of the Africa Union , to engineer an acceptable outcome to the Zimbabwean crisis , money may not be forthcoming .
Some claim that smaller entities can fail without impairing the system , thus sparing taxpayers the cost of a bailout .
Or the conflicts can be limited by regulating the scope of financial institutions .
MILAN -- The late Milton Friedman said that a common currency -- that is , a monetary union -- can not be sustained without a deep form of economic and political union . By this , he meant an open economy that ensures the free flow of goods , labor , and capital , together with a disciplined central fiscal authority and a strong central bank .
But deflation is painful and can not realistically be pursued for political reasons .
But that growth has significant longer-term implications .
One depends on emerging economies ' ability to manage their own success ; the other relates to the extent to which the global economy can accommodate this success .
While emerging economies can deal with the economic slowdown in industrial countries , the financial-sector transmission mechanism is more challenging .
The risks here are significant , pointing to a wide range of potential problems .
As a result , the continued openness of industrial-country markets can not be taken for granted .
Financial and economic imbalance can lead to dangerous fiscal imbalance , as tax revenues plunge and social insurance and bailout expenditures rise .
Extreme fiscal imbalance can also lead to a growth trap in which fiscal consolidation has such a large negative effect on growth as to be self-defeating .
If systemic risk can cause this kind of cascading sequential imbalance , then the `` sovereign '' needs to be alert , competent at identifying rising systemic risk , and able to take corrective action early .
The issue can then be framed as follows : in the context of detecting and responding to systemic risk , which of the two types of errors has the higher expected costs ?
One can accept that there are costs to AWF .
Left unattended , these problems can cause widespread damage in a wide range of countries , many of which are innocent bystanders .
The G-20 can say the right things about cooperation .
Moreover , many Americans ' anxiety is rooted in deepening income inequality .
Indeed , a lack of clarity about means and ends spans American politics .
NEW YORK -- For many , if not most , Americans , the crisis that befell them in 2008 -- leading to slow growth , rising unemployment , and high anxiety among voters -- appeared to spring from nowhere .
To make up the difference , Americans need to compete effectively for a portion of global demand .
Put bluntly , Americans were living beyond their means for too long .
This does not mean that recovery of households ' balance sheets can be ignored in the post-crisis period .
As it is , deficient consumption and stubbornly high unemployment are likely to be with Americans for some time .
The truth is that all the net employment growth in the US economy over the last 20 years has been in the non-tradable sector , where Americans do n't have to compete .
While this is just one part of a much more complex story , it seems unlikely that these and other non-tradable sectors can sustain employment growth in the future .
Yet there are several significant risks to global economic stability and prosperity that must be addressed urgently .
A minimal requirement for G-20 progress is that policies in emerging and advanced countries that have significant external effects are discussed and , if possible , agreed upon in advance .
Apart from the need to deleverage for a few more years , the US economy faces longer-term problems with aggregate demand , employment , and income distribution that can not be solved through consumption and investment alone .
They can sustain relatively high growth rates in the face of weak and lengthy recoveries in the advanced countries , but not if there is a major downturn in North America or Europe -LRB- or both -RRB- , a serious outbreak of protectionism , or instability in global financial markets .
But such intervention can and must be far more precisely targeted than QE2 .
The economy can then use household savings -LRB- with appropriate financial intermediation -RRB- to finance corporate and government investment , rather than the US government .
Economies can learn faster than they can invent , so less developed countries can achieve much faster growth than was experienced by today 's industrialized countries when they were becoming wealthy .
First , extreme financial distress can bring down the real economy , with a shortage of credit being the most potent channel .
But where has that process led , where is it taking us now , and , perhaps most importantly , how can we influence its course ?
A rising nominal and real exchange rate can propel structural change ; a weak-currency policy is a trap .
Their growth patterns and strategies , and the tradeoffs and choices they make with respect to lifestyle , urbanization , transportation , the environment , and energy efficiency , will largely determine whether their economies can complete the long transition to advanced-income levels .
Emerging countries ' resilience will not extend to double-dip recessions in America and Europe : they can not offset sharp falls in advanced-country demand by themselves , notwithstanding their healthy public-sector balance sheets .
As a result , the large non-tradable sector and the domestic-demand portion of the tradable sector can not serve as engines of growth and employment .
And strengthening the US export sector requires overcoming some significant structural and competitive barriers .
Combined with their low and declining GDP growth prospects , their debt burdens are becoming sufficiently onerous to raise questions about whether they can stabilize the situation and restore growth on their own .
The domestic policy focus in Europe has been to cut deficits , with scant attention to reforms or investments aimed at boosting medium-term growth .
There is little recognition that domestic aggregate demand can not be restored to its pre-crisis levels except through growth .
Stability can return , but not until domestic policy in the advanced countries , together with international policy coordination , credibly shifts to restoring a pattern of inclusive growth , with fiscal stabilization carried out in a way that supports growth and employment .
MILAN -- As the American economy continues to sputter three years after the global financial crisis erupted , one thing has become clear : the United States can not generate higher rates of growth in GDP and employment without a change in the mix of the economy 's domestic and export-oriented components .
Government can not solve the problem alone , much less make the problem go away overnight .
But government can take action that improves productivity , investment returns , and conditions for innovation , thereby increasing the pace and enhancing the long-term results of structural adjustment .
Why an American Recovery Matters
Why an American Recovery Matters MILAN -- It is hard to be optimistic about America at present .
So it is no surprise that the American public and the US Congress are angry .
Hedge funds can also destabilize the system , as the collapse of Long Term Capital Management in 1998 demonstrated .
Health-care reform has deeply divided the American public and US politicians alike .
While a relatively high and sustainable growth pattern can be achieved , it will take time .
Waiting around for the advanced countries to right their ships so that we can all go back to the old normal is neither good policy nor a good bet .
The aftermath involves resetting asset values , deleveraging , and rehabilitating balance sheets -- resulting in today 's higher saving rate , significant shortfall in domestic demand , and sharp uptick in unemployment .
So the most important question the US now faces is whether continued fiscal and monetary stimulus can , as some believe , help to right the economy .
Counter-cyclical policy can moderate these negative effects , but it can not undo the damage or accelerate the recovery beyond fairly strict limits .
That restructuring will occur , deficit spending or no deficit spending . So policy needs to acknowledge the fact that there are limits to how fast this restructuring can be accomplished .
Low-cost credit is unlikely to have a significant impact on consumption in the short run , but it can produce asset inflation and misallocations .
On the other hand , to secure that promise of peace and stability , Europeans must recognize that the Union is not and can not be perceived as a work set in stone .
Despite Russia 's post-Soviet malaise , it has influenced Georgia 's internal development at virtually every turn -- including Shevardnadze 's resignation , which was mediated by Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov -- so how it perceives Georgia 's new leaders is of crucial geopolitical significance .
Their desire to preserve and reestablish Georgian territorial integrity by asserting renewed control over Abkhazia and South Ossetia is understandable , but can they accomplish this goal as peacefully as they won their revolution ?
The Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline -- which will bypass Russia when it is completed -- can not re-define the country 's economic strategy to the extent that Shevardnadze had sought .
For if they can overcome these challenges quickly , thoroughly , and peacefully , the election of Mikhail Saakashvili will be good news not only for Georgia , but for Russia as well .
Of course , the pressure on these countries to act is particularly high , but there is no country in the euro area whose budgetary situation can be described as enduringly sound .
The American Revolution can be traced directly to the growing sense among colonists that Parliament 's rule in North America was illegitimate .
Neither the best-armed government nor the richest can long survive unless broad sections of their population accept its rule as legitimate .
Many warlords are indeed carrying on their struggle , often with foreign -LRB- and even American -RRB- backing .
The next government would likely be anti-UN , anti-western , anti-American , and anti-secular -- and form its political and strategic alliances accordingly .
But how to explain charges of `` gross violations '' by the Ak Zhol Party , the largest opposition group , or the decision by the Minister of Information , an Ak Zhol candidate , to resign in protest ?
Nevertheless , the elections represented significant progress .
At the same time , 17 % of all candidates were women , far more than in earlier elections . Runoff votes will send more women than ever to Kazakhstan 's parliament .
Obviously , the election 's flaws can not be swept under the carpet .
Even an ugly election can be beautiful if it advances democracy - an important lesson for countries like Afghanistan and Iraq .
For some traits , we do not have to speculate -- we can measure and compare on the basis of studies covering thousands of individuals over several generations .
Instead of looking for changes in genes that take many generations to accumulate until they can be detected , we have measured natural selection directly .
This method can reveal selection in action , working over periods of time as short as one generation -- so that it can answer the question of whether modern culture has stopped evolution .
Whether it will operate consistently enough for a long enough time to produce significant genetic change can be answered only by future generations .
We found significant selection and projected that if it continued for ten generations , the women would evolve to be about two centimeters shorter and have their first child about five months earlier .
But neither the US nor the world can afford a sequel .
The outside world , which relies on the dollar as its primary trade vehicle and therefore reserve asset , can not be expected to watch passively as dollars continue to pour into their currency , commodity , and asset markets , with no clear end in sight .
Since NAMA swaps IOUs for bank debt at only about half its face value , the three-way transaction can result in a ¤ 1 capital loss for every ¤ 1 the banks get from the ECB .
Following the mid-term elections and the resurgence of the Republicans in the US Congress , the Fed 's decision to pump $ 600 billion into the economy by mid-2011 is likely to trigger similar actions in the United Kingdom , Japan , and other advanced economies .
Soon afterward , Germany 's finance minister called US policy `` clueless , '' while his South African counterpart thought that the Fed 's move undermined the G-20 leaders ' `` spirit of multilateral cooperation . ''
In his famous 2002 speech on the potential of deflation in America , Bernanke suggested that Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's 40 % devaluation of the dollar in 1933-1934 shows that exchange-rate policy can be an `` effective weapon against deflation . ''
At least part of the difference can be attributed to `` hot money . ''
Any decline in China 's growth would thus significantly undermine poverty reduction in the emerging world .
Despite all this pain , the remaining financial-market participants gained significant benefits from government bailouts .
Financial-market participants need to demonstrate that they understand their role in causing the crisis , and that they are willing to significantly contribute to preventing its recurrence .
Such a tax would not unduly burden financial-market participants , yet it would raise a significant amount of money to finance the costs of this crisis .
I do n't think such a tax would significantly impact market liquidity , but even if it did , a nudge towards buying and holding might not be such a bad thing .
The sweeping changes underway in Asia are not just economic , but have also created new political realities that can not be ignored .
German and European policymakers must make clear what Europe has to offer Asia , and can do so at this month 's EU\/ASEAN and EU\/China summits .
The Berlin Conference of 1885 fixed the borders of Europe 's African colonies so that they included within them a large variety of languages , religions , and ethnic groups .
Developed countries can provide limited help by means of well-focused , untied aid and technical assistance projects .
Only such leaders can build up the legitimacy needed to unite their countries , and only then will they be able to confront head on the many challenges that the region faces in shaking loose from the shackles of backwardness .
Islam and democracy are frequently presumed to be bitter antagonists . A careful study of the world 's 47 Muslim-majority states , however , shows that Islam and democracy can and do co-exist .
Of 29 non-Arab Muslim countries evaluated by Polity IV , 11 enjoyed significant political rights for at least three consecutive years in the period from 1972 to 2000 , while eight experienced at least five consecutive years of political rights .
Indeed , five of the nine qualify as `` great overachievers '' - significant political rights despite annual per capita income of less than $ 1,500 .
Seven had annual per capita income levels exceeding $ 5,500 in the period from 1972 to 2000 but no significant political rights for three consecutive years .
Elections do occur in the Arab world , and they vary in frequency and significance .
It makes intuitive sense that Islam can not by itself explain such differences .
Most political cultures can and do change over time , because to some extent they are socially constructed by new opportunities , threats , and contexts generally .
The Ukrainian Constitution of 1996 adopted a model of governance close to the French style semi-presidentialism created by Charles de Gaulle for the Fifth Republic : a directly elected president with significant executive powers and a prime minister responsible to parliament .
The differences between French and Turkish secularism can be put in even sharper comparative perspective .
Moving Beyond Mexico 's Crisis As the crisis over Mexico 's disputed presidential election continues , questions are being raised not only about the conduct of the seemingly defeated candidate , Andrés Manuel López Obrador , but also about Mexico 's presidential system .
Thus , Calderón and his party allies , with 41 % of the Senate seats , can never have a majority during his six-year term , and will also have a minority in the lower chamber , where the PAN holds only 43 % of the seats , until at least 2009 .
In fact , since 1985 , fifteen Latin American presidents -- most without legislative majorities -- have not finished their term .
The Election Tribunal 's decision to recount only 9 % of the ballot boxes can not be reversed without more evidence of wrongdoing .
After World War II , many countries with parliamentary systems reduced the likelihood of such instability by adopting the so-called `` constructive vote of no confidence . '' Before a no confidence vote can be held , agreement must be reached on a new government majority to take its place .
If a candidate emerges with at least 50.1 % of the popular vote , he or she is declared president .
If , however , no candidate receives 50.1 % of the popular vote , the elected legislature chooses the president , who thus would begin his term with a legislative majority .
American policymakers have therefore looked to Indonesia as a model for the rest of the Muslim world .
The most important lesson is that Islamic organizations can provide the backbone of a tolerant civil society .
Indonesia also demonstrates how Islam can provide support for women 's rights .
Indeed , Indonesian women have shown how Sharia can provide a tool for combating misogynist policies .
Perhaps the best way to help Muslims is not to attempt to transplant institutions from Indonesia to the Middle East , or to give aid to `` American-approved '' moderates , but simply to listen more closely to the voices of Indonesian Islam .
Splits in a military-supported authoritarian regime can create gaps between the temporary interests of the small group closest to the `` military as government '' and the long-term interest of the `` military as institution , '' which is to be a respected part of the state and nation .
Great civil-society protest movements -- such as have occurred in Egypt and Tunisia -- can overthrow a dictatorship , but a true democracy requires parties , negotiations , election rules , and agreement on constitutional changes .
For example , if there are many candidates in a first round of a presidential election , it is conceivable that neither of the two candidates in the second-round run-off will have won more than 20 % in the first round .
First , unlike presidentialism , a parliamentary system can give rise to multiparty ruling coalitions .
Second , unlike a president , who , however incompetent or unpopular , remains in power for a fixed term , the head of government in a parliamentary system can be removed at any time by a vote of no confidence , clearing the way for a new , majority-backed government -- or , failing that , fresh elections .
Wilhelm assumed the throne in 1888 at age 29 , his liberal father having reigned for 88 days before succumbing to throat cancer .
It took a worse catastrophe , a world-historical scourge , to teach these people a lesson . Let us hope that Americans learn their lesson about the dangers and follies of imperial hubris sooner .
Enlightened self-interest can be state-based , but interests would be re-defined to encompass universal principles such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
Such attempts at blame-shifting are misguided : one can understand the default as the consequence of economic mistakes made over a decade .
Meanwhile , Argentina 's neighbor and Mercosur trading partner , Brazil , saw its currency depreciate - some say that it became significantly undervalued .
One can not simply ignore the pleas of those who are suffering .
Millions of Americans will likely lose their homes and , with them , their life savings .
Only new patterns of consumption and production -- a new economic model -- can address that most fundamental resource problem .
Most Americans are worse off today than they were seven years ago .
Governments can enhance growth by increasing inclusiveness . A country 's most valuable resource is its people .
So it is essential to ensure that everyone can live up to their potential , which requires educational opportunities for all .
A year in prison can cost more than a year at Harvard .
The cost of incarcerating two million Americans -- one of the highest per capita rates in the world -- should be viewed as a subtraction from GDP , yet it is added on .
Government then brought these advances to millions of American farmers .
The final difference may seem odd : the left now understands markets , and the role that they can and should play in the economy .
No government can sit idly by as a country goes into recession or depression , even when caused by the excessive greed of bankers or misjudgment of risks by security markets and rating agencies .
It is easy to host a party . For the moment , everyone can feel good .
Learning the Lessons of Iraq NEW YORK -- The Iraq war has been replaced by the declining economy as the most important issue in America 's presidential election campaign , in part because Americans have come to believe that the tide has turned in Iraq : the troop `` surge '' has supposedly cowed the insurgents , bringing a decline in violence .
Now , Iraq is demanding that American combat troops leave within twelve months , with all troops out in 2011 .
Popular opposition to the Iraq war made it impossible for Mexico and Chile to give into American pressure at the United Nations to endorse the invasion ; the citizens of these countries were proven right .
In such circumstances , is there any bailout plan that can work ?
The Scandinavian countries showed the way two decades ago .
Finally , it can be done far more quickly .
At the same time , several steps can be taken to reduce foreclosures .
First , housing can be made more affordable for poor and middle-income Americans by converting the mortgage deduction into a cashable tax credit .
The government effectively pays 50 % of the mortgage interest and real estate taxes for upper-income Americans , yet does nothing for the poor .
Investment banks and credit rating agencies believed in financial alchemy -- the notion that significant value could be created by slicing and dicing securities .
The new view is that real value can be created by un-slicing and un-dicing -- pulling these assets out of the financial system and turning them over to the government .
So we may have to pray that a agreement crafted with the toxic mix of special interests , misguided economics , and right-wing ideologies that produced the crisis can somehow produce a rescue plan that works -- or whose failure does n't do too much damage .
America exported its culture of corporate irresponsibility -- non-transparent stock options , which encourage the bad accounting that has played a role in this debacle , just as it did in the Enron and Worldcom scandals a few years ago .
One reason to be concerned about the bad deal that American taxpayers are getting is the looming national debt .
We can not let that happen again .
American exports are about to decline .
Besides , most Americans were living beyond their means , using their houses , with their bloated values , as collateral .
The Bush administration did n't see the problems coming , denied that they were problems when they came , then minimized their significance , and , finally , panicked .
One can not have a deep and long downturn in the world 's largest economy without global ramifications .
The financiers , however , will argue for caution : let 's see how the economy does , and if it needs more money , we can give it .
Lowering taxes on the poor and raising unemployment benefits while simultaneously increasing taxes on the rich can stimulate the economy , reduce the deficit , and reduce inequality .
Cutting expenditures on the Iraq war and increasing expenditures on education can simultaneously increase output in the short and long run and reduce the deficit .
While no one from either the Bush or Obama administrations attempted to defend American-style free-wheeling capitalism , European leaders argued for their `` social market economy , '' their gentler form of capitalism with its social protections , as the model for the future .
Most American financial leaders seemed too embarrassed to make an appearance .
Indeed , some American financiers were especially harshly criticized for seeming to take the position that they , too , were victims .
As if all this were not enough , as the Davos meeting opened , America 's House of Representatives passed a bill requiring American steel to be used in stimulus spending , despite the G-20 's call to avoid protectionism in response to the crisis .
President Barack Obama seems to be offering a needed boost to American leadership after the dark days of George W. Bush ; but the mood in Davos suggests that optimism and confidence may be short-lived .
With American-style capitalism and America 's financial markets in disrepute , will America now lead the world into a new era of protectionism , as it did once before , during the Great Depression ?
Countries were told to follow the American model , use American auditing firms , bring in American entrepreneurs to teach them how to run their companies .
The unfolding Enron scandal brings new meaning to two favorite American sayings : `` What goes around comes around , '' and `` People in glass houses should n't throw stones . ''
I have a different interpretation : it is testimony to the importance of a free press , which may not stop but can curtail abuses .
Some concern politics : the Enron scandal strengthens the case for campaign finance reform , and the need for even stronger laws requiring public disclosure .
Rather than facing up to the issues , corporate America systematically turns its back - aided and abetted by crony capitalism , American style .
While we will never be able to prevent all abuses , we can get the incentives right .
We can try to inculcate better ethical standards .
But we can not rely on them when so many worldly people see nothing wrong with revolving doors .
It is a relief that the US finally has a president who can act , and what he has been doing will make a big difference .
And , with Americans facing a debt overhang , rapidly increasing unemployment -LRB- and the worst unemployment compensation system among major industrial countries -RRB- , and falling asset prices , they are likely to save much of the tax cut .
This is bad news for the rest of the world , too , for a strong global recovery requires a strong American economy .
- Bankers can be expected to act in their self-interest on the basis of incentives .
American taxpayers are getting an increasingly bad deal .
But in the recent cash infusions , it is estimated that Americans are getting $ 0.25 , or less , for every dollar .
The era of believing that something can be created out of nothing should be over .
More money will be needed , but Americans are in no mood to provide it -- certainly not on the terms that have been seen so far .
Unfortunately , a World Bank study notes that 17 of the 20 countries have actually undertaken new protectionist measures , most notably the US with the `` buy American '' provision included in its stimulus package .
But it has long been recognized that subsidies can be just as destructive as tariffs -- and even less fair , since rich countries can better afford them .
They can undertake risks that others can not , knowing that if they fail , they may be bailed out .
While one can understand the domestic political imperatives that have led to subsidies and guarantees , developed countries need to recognize the global consequences , and provide compensatory assistance to developing countries .
Most Americans view it as grossly unjust , especially after they saw the banks divert the billions intended to enable them to revive lending to payments of outsized bonuses and dividends .
Some have called this new economic regime `` socialism with American characteristics . ''
But socialism is concerned about ordinary individuals . By contrast , the United States has provided little help for the millions of Americans who are losing their homes .
The rich and powerful turn to the government to help them whenever they can , while needy individuals get little social protection .
We can not afford to let that happen .
While there was less American leadership than one would have hoped , indeed expected under the circumstances , many participants were simply relieved that America did not put up obstacles to reaching a global consensus , as would have been the case if George W. Bush were still president .
Since a country 's currency can be a reserve currency only if others are willing to accept it as such , time may be running out for the dollar .
If a few bankers get much richer , average income can go up , even as most individuals ' incomes are declining .
Of course , anyone who wanted to could have seen American households ' growing indebtedness , which would have gone a long way toward correcting the false impression of success given by the GDP statistic .
When Borlaug received news of the award , at four in the morning , he was already toiling in the Mexican fields , in his never-ending quest to improve agricultural productivity .
Behavioral economics , for example , emphasizes that market participants often act in ways that can not easily be reconciled with rationality .
A long line of research has shown that even using the models of the so-called `` rational expectations '' school of economics , markets might not behave stably , and that there can be price bubbles .
Mervyn King , the governor of the Bank of England , has called for restrictions on the kinds of activities in which mega-banks can engage .
· Even if individual banks are small , if they engage in correlated behavior -- using the same models -- their behavior can fuel systemic risk ;
Where this is not possible , it means stringently restricting what they can do and imposing higher taxes and capital-adequacy requirements , thereby helping level the playing field .
The devil , of course , is in the details -- and big banks will do what they can to ensure that whatever charges are imposed are sufficiently small that they do not outweigh the advantages gained from being underwritten by taxpayers .
These are not matters of black and white : the more we limit the size , the more relaxed we can be about these and other details of regulation .
Uncertainty about whether these deficits can be financed is one reason why the world economy , under current arrangements , faced a succession of crises in recent years .
The Harsh Lessons of 2009 NEW YORK -- The best that can be said for 2009 is that it could have been worse , that we pulled back from the precipice on which we seemed to be perched in late 2008 , and that 2010 will almost surely be better for most countries around the world .
Private incentives matter , and if they are not well aligned with social returns , the result can be excessive risk taking , excessively short-sighted behavior , and distorted innovation .
Overcoming the Copenhagen Failure NEW YORK -- Pretty speeches can take you only so far .
If we can afford that much to save banks , we can afford something more to save the planet .
European firms will continue to be at a competitive disadvantage relative to American firms , which bear no cost for their emissions .
We have seen that goodwill alone can get us only so far .
Spending , especially on investments in education , technology , and infrastructure , can actually lead to lower long-term deficits .
Banks ' short-sightedness helped create the crisis ; we can not let government short-sightedness -- prodded by the financial sector -- prolong it .
The risks are asymmetric : if these forecasts are wrong , and there is a more robust recovery , then , of course , expenditures can be cut back and\/or taxes increased .
It avoided the massive waste of human resources associated with high unemployment in America , where almost one out of five people who would like a full-time job can not find one .
But high-return public investments that more than pay for themselves can actually improve the well-being of future generations , and it would be doubly foolish to burden them with debts from unproductive spending and then cut back on productive investments .
The `` Buy American '' provision in the United States ' stimulus bill got the most attention .
Reckless budget deficits can lead to a weak currency ; so can low interest rates .
Saudi Arabia also has a bilateral and multilateral surplus : Americans want its oil , and Saudis want fewer US products .
America 's multilateral trade deficit will not be significantly narrowed until America saves significantly more ; while the Great Recession induced higher household savings -LRB- which were near zero -RRB- , this has been more than offset by the increased government deficits .
China might respond by imposing duties on those American products effectively directly or indirectly subsidized by America 's massive bailouts of its banks and car companies .
The removal of legal barriers to the movement of workers created a single labor market , but linguistic and cultural differences make American-style labor mobility unachievable .
Some hoped that the Greek tragedy would convince policymakers that the euro can not succeed without greater cooperation -LRB- including fiscal assistance -RRB- .
But the euro system means that Germany 's exchange rate can not increase relative to other eurozone members .
But if Europe can not do so , then perhaps it is better to admit failure and move on than to extract a high price in unemployment and human suffering in the name of a flawed economic model .
And that leaves open the question : can we trust them ?
And that raises another question : whom can we trust ?
But the events of recent years have shown that bankers can make megabucks , even as they undermine the economy and impose massive losses on their own firms .
As a result , it will likely be a long time before we can assess the success of whatever law the US Congress ultimately enacts .
The housing market is another US anomaly : there are hundreds of thousands of homeless people -LRB- more than 1.5 million Americans spent at least one night in a shelter in 2009 -RRB- , while hundreds of thousands of houses sit vacant .
Two million Americans lost their homes in 2008 , and 2.8 million more in 2009 , but the numbers are expected to be even higher in 2010 .
Our financial markets performed dismally -- well-performing , `` rational '' markets do not lend to people who can not or will not repay -- and yet those running these markets were rewarded as if they were financial geniuses .
By contrast , the Fed does n't have to recognize the loss ; while free-market advocates might talk about the virtues of market pricing and `` price discovery , '' the Fed can pretend that nothing has happened .
Hence , the Fed 's intervention in the housing market is really an intervention in the government bond market ; the purported `` switch '' from buying mortgages to buying government bonds is of little significance .
Evictions merely create more homeless people and more vacant homes .
The fact that America can veto even these modest IMF proposals illustrates a fundamental weakness of current international economic arrangements .
Whatever one 's attitude to these arrangements , the notion that a single country can exercise effective veto power seems inconsonant with basic democratic principles .
The world can not allow America to veto its efforts .
The best that can be said for monetary policy over the last few years is that it prevented the direst outcomes that could have followed Lehman Brothers ' collapse .
But potentially significant costs offset these small benefits .
But in recent weeks and months , Americans have seen several instances in which individuals have been dispossessed of their houses even when they have no debts .
To some banks , this is just collateral damage : millions of Americans -- in addition to the estimated four million in 2008 and 2009 -- still have to be thrown out of their homes .
But Americans are not supposed to believe in justice on average .
It is not particular judges that are bought , but the laws themselves , through campaign contributions and lobbying , in what has come to be called `` corruption , American-style . ''
But lenders perhaps knew that , with the Republicans in control of government , they could make bad loans and then change the law to ensure that they could squeeze the poor .
In today 's America , the proud claim of `` justice for all '' is being replaced by the more modest claim of `` justice for those who can afford it . ''
And the number of people who can afford it is rapidly diminishing .
Moreover , political gridlock will ensure that little is done about the other festering problems confronting the American economy : mortgage foreclosures are likely to continue unabated -LRB- legal complications aside -RRB- ; small and medium-sized enterprises are likely to continue to be starved of funds ; and the small and medium-sized banks that traditionally provide them with credit are likely to continue to struggle to survive .
More importantly , how long will it take Europe and America to recover , and can Asia 's seemingly export-dependent economies continue to grow if their historical markets languish ?
The problem is politics : in the US , the Republican Party would rather see President Barack Obama fail than the economy succeed .
Or else they can wait until the overhang of excess capacity diminishes , capital goods become obsolete , and the economy 's internal restorative forces work their gradual magic .
What business would n't jump at investment opportunities yielding returns in excess of 10 % if it could borrow capital -- as the US government can -- for less than 3 % interest ?
To get the economy going , some people will , in fact , have to bear some pain , but the increasingly skewed income distribution gives clear guidance to whom this should be : Approximately a quarter of all income in the US now goes to the top 1 % , while most Americans ' income is lower today than it was a dozen years ago .
Simply put , most Americans did n't share in what many called the Great Moderation , but was really the Mother of All Bubbles .
Banks never wanted to admit to their bad loans , and now they do n't want to recognize the losses , at least not until they can adequately recapitalize themselves through their trading profits and the large spread between their high lending rates and rock-bottom borrowing costs .
DAVOS -- The whole world celebrates Tunisia 's democratic revolution , which has set off a cascade of events elsewhere in the region -- particularly in Egypt -- with untold consequences . The eyes of the world are now set on this small country of ten million , to learn the lessons of its recent experience and to see if the young people who overthrew a corrupt autocrat can create a stable , functioning democracy .
Indeed , most Americans today are worse off than they were a decade ago , with almost all the gains from economic growth going to the very top of the income and wealth distribution .
And corruption American-style can result in trillion-dollar gifts to pharmaceutical companies , the purchase of elections with massive campaign contributions , and tax cuts for millionaires as medical care for the poor is cut .
For laws can be used to ensure equality of opportunity and tolerance , or they can be used to maintain inequalities and the power of elites .
After all , rich countries in Europe have increasingly found that they can not pay for university education , and are asking young people and their families to bear the costs .
For its part , the United States has never attempted to give free college for all , and it took a bitter battle just to ensure that America 's poor get access to health care -- a guarantee that the Republican Party is now working hard to repeal , claiming that the country can not afford it .
In a recent visit to this tropical archipelago of 1.3 million people , I had a chance to see some of the leaps Mauritius has taken -- accomplishments that can seem bewildering in light of the debate in the US and elsewhere .
Consider home ownership : while American conservatives say that the government 's attempt to extend home ownership to 70 % of the US population was responsible for the financial meltdown , 87 % of Mauritians own their own homes -- without fueling a housing bubble .
Indeed , so dismal were its prospects as it approached independence from Britain , which came in 1968 , that the Nobel Prize-winning economist James Meade wrote in 1961 : `` It is going to be a great achievement if -LRB- the country -RRB- can find productive employment for its population without a serious reduction in the existing standard of living ... -LRB- T -RRB- he outlook for peaceful development is weak . ''
First , the question is not whether we can afford to provide health care or education for all , or ensure widespread homeownership .
If Mauritius can afford these things , America and Europe -- which are several orders of magnitude richer -- can , too .
The US need not go as far : just a fraction of the money that America spends on weapons that do n't work against enemies that do n't exist would go a long way toward creating a more humane society , including provision of health care and education to those who can not afford them .
Consumption will remain restrained , while strong and sustainable recovery can not be based on another debt-fueled bubble .
We can only hope that governments and financial markets heed his words .
By gentlemen 's agreement among the majority shareholders -- the G-8 -- the managing director is to be a European , with Americans in the number two post and at the head of the World Bank .
The Europeans typically picked their nominee behind the scenes , as did the Americans , after only cursory consultation with developing countries .
The world can not afford to repeat that performance .
Even if the shareholders and bondholders lose everything , with the right restructuring , we can still save the banks and protect taxpayers and workers .
Some of the most qualified candidates -LRB- in both developed and developing countries -RRB- have not received the support of their own governments that the political process seems to require .
Realpolitik might mean that there will be senior people from both China and the US in the top management team , but the presumption that the number two position should be filled by an American also has to go .
Whatever the outcome , the IMF , the World Bank , and the international community need to reaffirm their commitment to an open and transparent process -- and ask how that process can be improved .
For example , rather than nominations from governments , which often are reluctant to support excellent candidates from opposition parties , an international nominating committee could put forward names .
Similarly , changes in voting procedures -LRB- public voting by countries , rather than through constituencies , or a requirement that candidates win the support of a majority of developing and emerging countries -RRB- could persuade more emerging-market officials to put their names forward .
One of the leading candidates to be the IMF 's next managing director has turned out to be a Frenchwoman , Christine Lagarde , who , as France 's finance minister , helped lead her country through the Great Recession .
Politics is not always kind to good candidates .
They can not compete with efficient steel mills elsewhere - including -LRB- perish the thought -RRB- Korea 's state-owned steel company .
Globalization , well and equitably managed , can benefit all countries .
The same can be said for country after country in the developing world .
This can not be allowed .
Even in its hey-day , from the early 1980 's until 2007 , American-style deregulated capitalism brought greater material well-being only to the very richest in the richest country of the world .
Indeed , over the course of this ideology 's 30-year ascendance , most Americans saw their incomes decline or stagnate year after year .
I was among those who hoped that , somehow , the financial crisis would teach Americans -LRB- and others -RRB- a lesson about the need for greater equality , stronger regulation , and a better balance between the market and government .
Meanwhile , the US financial sector has been lobbying hard to free itself of regulations , so that it can return to its previous , disastrously carefree , ways .
Indeed , one positive achievement by European leaders at the recent Brussels summit was to begin the process of reining in both the ECB and the power of the American ratings agencies .
But the payroll-tax cut -LRB- which put more than $ 100 billion into the pockets of ordinary Americans -RRB- was not renewed , and surely business , anticipating the contractionary effects down the line , will be even more reluctant to lend .
And , with housing prices continuing to fall , GDP growth faltering , and unemployment remaining stubbornly high -LRB- one of six Americans who would like a full-time job still can not get one -RRB- , more stimulus , not austerity , is needed -- for the sake of balancing the budget as well .
Both threats to America 's future can , in no small measure , be traced to the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Then , as now , disruption in the Middle East led to higher oil prices , forcing Americans to spend money on oil imports that they otherwise could have spent buying goods produced in the US .
But , as Bush tried to deceive America about the wars ' costs , he underfunded the troops , refusing even basic expenditures -- say , for armored and mine-resistant vehicles needed to protect American lives , or for adequate health care for returning veterans .
Instead , the personal saving rate plunged to 1 % , and the bottom 80 % of Americans were spending , every year , roughly 110 % of their income .
Even if the financial sector were fully repaired , and even if these profligate Americans had n't learned a lesson about the importance of saving , their consumption would be limited to 100 % of their income .
Globalization and modern technology now enables social movements to transcend borders as rapidly as ideas can .
But , while the wealthy can use their money to amplify their views , back on the street , police would n't allow me to address the OWS protesters through a megaphone .
The trade negotiations that followed were different -- at least in principle , they were supposed to be a development round , to make up for some of the deficiencies highlighted by protesters -- and the International Monetary Fund subsequently undertook significant reforms .
So , too , in the US , the civil-rights protesters of the 1960 's called attention to pervasive institutionalized racism in American society .
Markets work the way they should only when they operate within a framework of appropriate government regulations ; and that framework can be erected only in a democracy that reflects the general interest -- not the interests of the 1 % .
The best government that money can buy is no longer good enough .
But some of the simplest and most important precepts , formulated well before these micro-foundations were well established -- such as the fact that temporary income tax cuts are unlikely to be effective , while temporary investment tax credits can be extremely powerful -- are as valid today as ever .
Economics is a difficult subject , because we can not conduct controlled experiments .
In these terms , the American economy 's performance is likely to remain dismal .
Even with the surprisingly strong growth numbers for the first quarter of the year , most forecasters see growth over 2002 as a whole falling short of its long run potential , and by a significant amount , implying that unemployment will rise .
Meanwhile , the US can not expect much relief from exports , given the global economic slowdown , or from consumer spending .
There is a significant chance that with Americans ' savings rate at dismally low levels - sustained last year by car purchases and home refinancing - consumer spending may moderate .
Even Americans can consume only so many new cars .
Not all Americans are enthused about President Bush 's rapid conversion of trillion dollar surpluses into deficits , nor does a majority embrace his proposals to privatize America 's social security system , which has done so much to eliminate poverty among America 's elderly .
As an American , I looked on in envy as Brazil managed its way through a difficult situation .
The first glimpses of Argentina 's recovery can be seen .
Deposits in the branches of American banks in Buenos Aires were to be as safe as deposits in Miami .
If the private sector can not improve the availability of credit on its own , and no good neighbor steps forward to help , as Japan did in East Asia , government must take a more active role in restructuring the existing credit institutions as well as creating new ones .
Where the international community can help Argentina is by opening its doors to Argentine goods , taking the rhetoric of free trade seriously and recognizing that trade can be an important instrument not only for long-term growth , but also for economic recovery .
After all , you can not `` unbankrupt '' a firm ruined by punishing interest rates .
The Republicans criticized huge international bail-outs as `` corporate welfare '' before they took office , and in Turkey they basically stuck to their principles , though not enough to stop an IMF bail-out .
Whether the Bush team will continue to this line when American and not German banks are at risk is another matter .
Unfortunately , from what we have seen of domestic US policy of late , we can not be sanguine .
Accounting Tricks Around the Globe Accounting chicanery will be high on the agenda of the bankers who will meet at the annual IMF\/World Bank gathering in Washington , D.C. . The IMF should do more than offer the private sector advice about how to fix its accounting problems ; governmental accounting tricks and the IMF 's own wheezes should also be addressed , says Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz .
The Arthur Anderson and Enron scandals in America have focused attention on the problems of accounting in private businesses .
Accounting rules are designed to provide standardized frameworks within which the financial position of a firm , or government , can be assessed .
America 's business scandals showed how accounting rules can be bent and abused to provide a misleading picture of what is really happening in a company .
The Bush Administration , not to be left behind , has shown how public accounting rules can be bent so as to provide a misleading picture of what is really happening in a national economy .
The IMF 's argument seems to be this : a country can not rely on foreign aid because aid is too unstable .
But if a company can buy a $ 1 billion asset for $ 500 million , economic logic says buy the asset .
Of course , foreign investors like this IMF logic : government corporations are put at a distinct disadvantage : their ability to invest inhibited , these firms can not compete to make acquisitions .
According to Mexican and Chilean officials I have discussed the matter with , spending from a stabilization fund is reportedly treated as if the country is borrowing , thus adding to its deficit .
The Arthur Anderson , Enron , and WorldCom scandals did n't emerge out of thin air , but had their origins in the mid-1990s , when the US Treasury actually intervened to stop attempts by the supposedly independent accounting standards board to improve matters .
So if things are so bad now , how can they get worse ?
Eventually , even the almighty American consumer will be shaken and realize that he is poorer today than three years ago and that he better start putting money away for his retirement , especially given Bush 's proposed risky experiments with the social security system .
At that point , Americans will join the stampede out of their economy .
Downturns , of course , can never be fully prevented .
We can , however , decrease their frequency ; we can make them shallower ; we can ensure that fewer people are hurt and that those that get hurt are better protected .
Cheerleaders of the private sector , however , failed to reckon with the ability of company bosses to indulge in corrupt practices on an almost unfathomable scale , something American corporate capitalism has demonstrated amply of late .
America 's Securities and Exchange Commission 's head recognized the problems posed by conflicts of interests in accounting , but his efforts to put in place rules to address the problem met with overwhelming resistance from the industry -- until the scandals made change irresistible .
But restrictions of this kind - affecting both private and public sectors -- are often necessary because of imperfect information : we can not really be sure what motivates an individual , even if the individual seems of the highest integrity .
But by making ourselves more sensitive to their presence and becoming aware of the distorted incentives to which they give rise , as well as by imposing regulations that limit their scope and increasing the amount of required disclosure , we can mitigate their consequences , both in the public and the private sector .
The Gulf War of 1991 demonstrated that wars can actually be bad for an economy .
But the wait for war adds to uncertainties that already weigh on the American , and the global , economy :
uncertainties arising from America 's looming fiscal deficit , due to macroeconomic mismanagement and a tax cut that the country can not afford ;
uncertainties associated with the massive corporate accounting and banking scandals , and the Bush Administration 's half-hearted efforts at reform , as a result of which no one knows what America 's corporations are worth ;
Few can doubt the influence that oil interests have on President Bush -- witness the administration 's energy policy , with its emphasis on expanding oil production rather than conservation .
Indeed , should the US go to war , no one can predict the effect on oil supplies .
The recent trade agreement between Chile and the United States is being praised as the first significant agreement in the Western hemisphere since the North American Free Trade Agreement -LRB- NAFTA -RRB- was signed a decade ago .
But while it is celebrated in certain American circles , it displays many of the problems that characterize past trade agreements , problems that generate much discontent about globalization .
More importantly , capital restrictions meant that when Latin America was sent into recession and depression later in the decade , as speculative capital fled most Latin American countries , Chile was largely spared . -LRB- Of course , it still suffered the consequences of the downturn in copper prices -- capital controls ca n't solve all problems -RRB- .
Should Chile find other products that can compete against American producers , these too will likely face restrictions .
The underlying US government philosophy is that American producers are better than those of any country .
Therefore , if a country out-competes American firms , it must be because it engaged in some unfair practice .
Too many Americans believe that while trade is good , imports are bad !
A true free-trade agreement would begin with the premise that it makes no difference where a good is produced : an unfair trade practice is unfair , whether the producer is an American or Chilean .
American dumping duties on Chilean salmon could devastate that industry ; Chile could take no action against a US industry that would have more than a miniscule impact on American firms . -RRB-
In America in the 1990 's , the Clinton Administration fought demands by Republicans for a balanced budget amendment to the US constitution .
During the Great Depression , the great American economist Irving Fisher focused on the adverse effects of falling prices .
Falling prices also mean that even when the nominal interest rate is very low , the real interest rate , taking into account the deflation , may be significantly higher , so investment , too , is discouraged .
How can Japan 's deflation be reversed ?
A transition that lasts two decades , during which poverty and inequality increase enormously as a few become wealthy , can not be called a victory for capitalism or democracy .
Moreover , the longer-run prospects are far from rosy : with investment a mere 10 % of what it was in 1990 , even if that investment is better allocated , how can growth be sustained ?
Yes , the market economy can provide incentives for wealth creation .
Technocrats can of course reliably make an electricity plant work better .
Economists call policies where no one can be made better off without making someone else worse off Pareto efficient . If a single policy is better than all others for everyone , i.e. , has no Pareto-efficient alternatives , it is said to be Pareto dominant .
These value choices are political choices , which can not be left to technocrats .
Technocrats can sometimes help avoid Pareto inferior policies , that is , policies that make everyone worse off .
Sometimes there are policies that can promote both growth and equality , and the job of good economists is to search for them .
Indeed , because VAT is a tax on the formal sector -- the new factories , banks , and so forth that pay regular salaries and whose incomes and expenditures can easily be traced -LRB- as distinct from those of the cash-based street vendors , village enterprises , and poor farmers -RRB- -- VAT impedes development .
Economic theory supports a VAT only if one does not care about distribution and if one can impose a tax on all commodities .
Because there are tradeoffs , these decisions can only be made as part of a political process .
Accordingly , risk is unavoidable : monetary policy that is too loose risks inflation ; if it is too tight , it can cause unnecessary unemployment , with all the suffering that follows .
Who bears it varies with different policies , and that is a decision that can not -- or at least should not -- be left to central bank technocrats .
Much of modern American technological progress is based on government-funded research in biotechnology or defense .
Correspondingly , many aspects of American economic policy contribute significantly to America 's success , but are hardly mentioned in discussions of development strategies .
In others , monopolies in trade deprive countries of the advantages of international competition , while monopolies in cement significantly raise the price of construction .
The American government also played an important role in developing the country 's financial markets -- by providing credit directly or through government-sponsored enterprises , and by partially guaranteeing a quarter or more of all loans .
Fannie Mae , the government-created entity responsible for providing mortgages for middle-class Americans , helped lower mortgage costs and played a significant role in making America one of the countries with the largest proportion of private home ownership .
Today , US Federal Government student loans are central to ensuring that all Americans have access to a college education , just as in earlier years , government finance helped bring electricity to all Americans .
President Ronald Reagan 's deregulation of the Savings and Loan Associations led to an infamous wave of bank failures that cost American taxpayers several hundred billion dollars and contributed to the economic recession of 1991 .
But modern society can not and does not simply rely on individuals doing the `` right '' thing .
After all , corporations do n't have a conscience ; it is only the conscience of those who run the corporation , and as America 's recent corporate scandals have made all too clear , conscience often takes a backseat to profits .
Yet America 's Supreme Court has set standards so high for American firms to be found guilty of predation that few cases are successfully prosecuted domestically .
Judged on those terms , the best that can be said for the Euro is that the jury remains out .
The worse that can be said is that the Euro has failed its first test .
International exchange rate markets can be volatile , and this uncertainty translates into higher effective borrowing costs .
When uncertainties about the direction of institutional change within Euroland are settled , decisions about joining the Euro can be made .
More importantly , if the recession is over -- and has been for so long -- why do n't Americans feel any better ?
During the 1990 's , Americans ' productivity soared .
Jobs are so scarce that many Americans have given up looking -- the so-called discouraged worker effect .
Indeed , the focus on zero can be misleading .
So Americans are right not to let declarations about the end of the US recession make them feel good .
Now six years later , we can say that those discussions did not lead to much real change .
Under such a regime , glimmerings of which can already be seen , attempts to protect our children from tobacco , even with mild measures such as restricting advertising , could be struck down !
Trade can be a powerful engine for economic growth , and economic growth is badly needed in postcommunist and developing countries .
If those who hold wealth are seen as having obtained it in ways that lack legitimacy , no legal system can make property secure .
Those in control of Russian businesses will thus continue to strip assets and convert them into forms of wealth that can be easily taken out of the country .
Once Khodorkovsky and his ilk sell their stakes to foreign interests and take their money out of Russia , there will be little that can be done .
I believe some of the inequities of the past can be addressed without any direct attack on `` property rights , '' no matter how dubiously acquired .
But the US is finally realizing that even a superpower can not ensure security in a country occupied by force .
Scant signs of weapons of mass destruction have been found , and , according to David Kay , America 's chief arms inspector , the stockpiles either never existed or were destroyed years ago .
Instead of moving towards peace and democracy , the situation in Iraq remains so dangerous that Paul Bremer , the American occupation leader , is using instability as his rationale for avoiding democratic elections this year .
But the international community should direct its money to humanitarian causes , such as hospitals and schools , rather than backing American designs .
The dream of Iraq 's American invaders was to create a stable , prosperous , and democratic Middle East .
The crises in East Asia and the recent recessions in Latin America show that premature capital market liberalization can result in enormous economic volatility , increasing poverty , and destruction of the middle class .
The global consensus , reflected in the Commission report , calls for more exceptions , so that , say , drugs can be made available in any case where to do so could save a life .
The way that globalization has been managed , however , has eroded the ability of the state to play its proper role . At the root of this problem is the global political system - if such it can be called .
The Fund now openly talks about the need to focus on poverty , and it candidly acknowledges that it had imposed too much conditionality when providing financing to poor countries .
Suddenly Americans - long champions of globalization - seem concerned about its adverse effects on their economy .
They stress that outsourcing cuts costs - just like a technological change that improves productivity , thus increasing profits - and what is good for profits must be good for the American economy .
American and rich country engineers and computer specialists will either have to accept a wage cut and\/or they will be forced into unemployment and\/or to seek other employment - almost surely at lower wages .
Haircuts , like a host of other activities requiring detailed local knowledge , can not be outsourced .
But even if the eventual numbers are limited , there can be dramatic effects on workers and the distribution of income .
This has , indeed , already happened in some developed countries : in the ten years that have passed since the signing of the North American Free Trade Agreement , average real wages in the US have actually declined .
But as an American , I am so horrified by what has happened in my country - and what my country has done to others over the past two years - that I feel I must speak out .
I believe American abuses of human rights and the canons of civilized peoples that have come to light in Iraq , Afghanistan , and Guantanamo Bay , and the more horrendous abuses that almost surely will come to light later , are not merely the act of aberrant individuals .
They were not concerned with legalisms , about whether , technically , the Geneva conventions did or did not apply . They were concerned about basic canons of human rights .
When abuses occur in one area , they can quickly spread to others .
For weeks the Bush administration kept the report on abuses in Iraqi prisons from the American people by pressuring CBS not to air the photographs in its possession .
The American media have not emerged unscathed .
And while the pictures and the story of Abu Ghraib ran on front pages in Europe and elsewhere , it was at first buried in many American newspapers , including leaders like The New York Times .
Let us hope that , emerging out of today 's scandals , there will be a renewed commitment to live up to these ideals and to strengthen the institutions that were designed to enforce them .
Our second message was optimistic : if the agenda of the current round is reoriented towards development , and if assistance is provided to manage implementation and adjustment costs , developing countries can gain much .
Eliminating this subsidy would help 10 million poor cotton farmers in sub-Saharan Africa . American taxpayers would also benefit .
This could only be rational if the seller can hope to establish a monopoly position and extract large profits in the future .
When the exchange rate soars as a result of resource booms , countries can not export manufactured or agriculture goods , and domestic producers can not compete with an onslaught of imports .
Two thirds of the people in Venezuela , the Latin American country with the largest oil deposits , live in poverty .
Fortunately , as we have become aware of these problems , we have learned much about what can be done about them .
We also know that stabilization funds - which set aside some of the money earned when prices are high - can help reduce the economic volatility associated with natural resource prices .
Western governments can help with common-sense reforms .
Abundant natural resources can and should be a blessing , not a curse .
Clearly , no CEO of a large corporation , with hundreds of thousands of employees , can know everything that goes on inside the company he or she runs .
Even though a CEO can not know everything , he or she is still ultimately responsible for what occurs in the company they run .
Bush chose as his Vice-President a man who once served as CEO of Halliburton . Dick Cheney clearly can not be held responsible for corporate misconduct after he left Halliburton , but there is mounting evidence about misconduct that took place while he was at the helm .
Many Americans will reject Bush this November because of the poor performance of the economy or the quagmire in Iraq . Others will oppose him due to his environmental record or his budget priorities .
Higher aluminum prices were passed on in the price of every coke and beer can and every new airplane .
The suggestion that the EU 's decision somehow intruded on American sovereignty was another demonstration of the extent to which corporate interests have grabbed the economic agenda .
The ready profits from monopoly can buy influence in high places , if not through bribes , then through big campaign contributions .
Getting Past the American Election
Getting Past the American Election
The pundits have now weighed in mightily in interpreting the American presidential election .
Did the outcome - together with Republican gains in the Congress - represent an endorsement of Bush 's positions ?
Has the American electorate swung to the right ?
Are Americans now more concerned about `` values ? ''
It is a summary of whether , taking everything into account , a citizen prefers one candidate to another .
The typical American family knows that it is worse off today than it was four years ago , and appears unconvinced that the tax cuts targeted at upper-income Americans brought the benefits heralded by the Bush administration .
If declining confidence in US fiscal policy leads to a weaker dollar , Europe and Asia may find it more difficult to export , and if the deficits prove a drag on the American economy , global growth may stall .
But for much of the rest of the world , the real concern is American unilateralism .
I believe most Americans reject Bush 's unilateralism no less than his administration 's economic policies .
Before the invasion of Iraq , they wanted America to go to the UN , and today they recognize that America alone can not maintain order in the Middle East .
Those who voted for Bush may not be as outraged by American involvement in torture , or the misleading information about Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction and connections with Al Qaeda , as those abroad .
But the doctrine of preemptive war has been badly tarnished , and I remain hopeful that Congress and the American people have learned a painful lesson .
Peace will not quickly be restored to Iraq , and it is hard to conceive of opening up a major new front , when America can hardly manage what it has already undertaken .
Today , many Americans , especially the young , feel far more respect for the countries that recognized the lack of evidence of Iraqi weapons of mass destruction than for those whose leaders repeated the American distortions .
Even if there is a problem , it can easily be fixed ; spending a fraction of the money that went into Bush 's two tax cuts would have fixed Social Security for 75 years ; slight benefit cuts , adjusting the age of retirement , or minor adjustments in the level of contributions could fix the system permanently .
The Social Security deficit pales by comparison with the deficits created by Bush 's huge tax cuts for upper-income Americans or in comparison with the deficit in Medicare , which provides health care for the aged .
This process , established at the outset 60 years ago , is framed by an agreement that an American would lead the World Bank and a European would lead the IMF .
The American president would choose the Bank 's head , and Europe would collectively decide on the IMF leader , with the understanding that the other side would exercise its veto only if a candidate were totally unacceptable .
Within the United States , all major presidential appointments must be ratified by the Senate ; even if rejections are rare , the vetting process is important , for the president knows that he can go only so far .
How can advice on democratic reforms be taken seriously when the multilateral institutions that offer it do not subscribe to the same standards of openness , transparency , and participation that they advocate ?
Why should the search for Wolfensohn 's successor be limited to an American -LRB- and especially an American loyal to a particular political party -RRB- ?
To put it bluntly , given the World Bank 's importance , consideration of either putative US candidate , Assistant Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz or former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carleton Fiorina , have been highly controversial around the world .
Even if convention allows the American president to appoint the World Bank 's head , the organization 's success depends on the confidence of others .
But this does not outweigh the risk of underperforming , which is why the best policy is to look for the best candidate .
Why should the world settle for anything less than candidates of this caliber ?
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony .
In this respect , the last two American presidential elections have hardly been models for the world .
Where former President Bill Clinton sought to ensure that all Americans who are entitled to vote are registered to vote , the Republicans have tried to reverse these advances , putting obstacles in the way both of registration and voting .
Beyond elections , citizens can provide an effective check on government only if they are well informed .
No one can imagine hiring a worker , but allowing him not to inform his employer about what he is doing on the job .
In a malaria-infested country , mosquito eradication programs can boost production and even increase effective land usage , as acres that were almost uninhabitable become livable .
The returns from education , too , can be increased , if more individuals live longer because of better health care .
Led by Papua New Guinea and Costa Rica , a group of developing countries , a new rainforest coalition has now come forward with an innovative proposal , not only offering to commit to greenhouse-gas limits , but also showing how this can be done in a way that will promote their development .
But , especially after the signing of the Kyoto protocol , we can value at least part of these environmental services : carbon sequestration -LRB- that is , if they did not maintain their forests , the level of carbon concentrations in the atmosphere would be enormously higher -RRB- .
While countries can be compensated for planting forests , they can not be compensated for avoiding deforestation .
These countries should be given incentives to maintain their forests . -LRB- There are , as always , technical issues to be resolved , concerning monitoring and measurement , but these can be overcome easily with modern technologies . -RRB-
Cutting down the hardwood forests -- even when they presently receive just 5 % of the final price in , say , New York -- is the only way people can make ends meet .
But , can we wait ?
Costa Rica , for example , has already shown that a system of paying for the provision of environmental services -LRB- like maintaining natural forests -RRB- can work in ways that preserve the environment and boost the economy .
This is an initiative around which all countries can and should rally .
In a world divided -- between rich countries and the poor , between those focusing on environmental protection and those concentrating on growth -- this initiative can unite us all .
Her area of expertise , trade policy , is hardly one that the Fund can draw on to restore its battered credibility .
Under this postwar horse-trading America always got to name the head of the World Bank , while a European would always lead the IMF , with an American filling the number two spot at the Fund .
Despite the demise of colonialism , candidates from developing countries -- the focus of the IMF 's activities -- need not apply .
Let us search for the best person , an expert in macroeconomic policy and monetary economics , especially as they relate to the developing world , who can heal the wounds of the past and restore the confidence of the poor in an institution that seems to ignore their concerns . ''
No , this was an American appointment -- and a plum one at that , because it is not subject to approval by the US Congress .
The IMF 's approach to the developing world is cut from the same neo-liberal cloth as the World Bank 's , with scant regard for whether they actually fit the situation of the countries they are intended to help .
Even if Americans have not been cheated by Defense Department suppliers like Halliburton , it is clear that the money spent in Iraq has not bought the promised peace and security in the Middle East .
A simple project like this can make an enormous difference to the life of a community .
For instance , children who live on one side of the river can now attend school on the other side during the rainy season .
The world has been horrified at America 's response to Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath in New Orleans .
The Bush administration 's response to the hurricane confirmed the suspicion among blacks that , while they might send their boys to fight America 's wars , they had not only been left behind in America 's prosperity , but that there was neither understanding nor concern when they needed it most .
Since then , evidence has mounted not only that there were no weapons of mass destruction , but that the American and British governments provided deceptive , distorted , and misleading information .
The US had made it clear that it would abide by only one outcome at the UN -- a principle under which no democratic body can operate , for to insist that a decision must accord with the wishes of one member is dictatorship . Subsequent events have shown how difficult it is -- even for the strongest country in the world -- to impose a stable democratic regime .
Even most Americans were reluctant to enter Iraq without the UN 's blessing .
But meaningful reform will almost surely have to await an American administration that is committed to global democracy in deed as well as rhetoric .
So , as his term draws to a close and his mantle of infallibility is passed on to his successor , it is worth examining whether his legacy will measure up and what we can expect from the new Fed chief , Ben Bernanke .
So Greenspan can not be given credit for the boom .
But , while no central bank governor can ensure economic prosperity , mismanagement can cause enormous harm .
But the real problem for Greenspan 's legacy concerns what happened to the American economy in the last five years , for which he bears heavy responsibility .
The fault was not only in the magnitude of the tax cut , but also in its design ; by directing the cuts at upper-income Americans , it provided little economic stimulus .
In short , as Greenspan departs , he leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets -- a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
Neither , evidently , can central bank governors , at least when they opine in areas outside their immediate responsibility .
Macroeconomic policy can never be devoid of politics : it involves fundamental trade-offs and affects different groups differently .
Such fundamental issues can not be relegated to technocrats , particularly when those technocrats place the interests of one segment of society above others .
For most of 2005 , Americans behaved as if they did n't really believe that oil prices would remain high , at least for a while .
But it is more likely that 2006 will just be another year of malaise : China 's significance within the global economy is still not large enough to offset weaknesses in the rest of the world . America , too , will manage to muddle through again -- leaving even higher levels of debt for the future .
Airlines and airports may have made more profits in the short run , but they , and the American people , lost in the long run , as we now know , to our horror .
Once privatization occurred , however , USEC had every incentive to keep the material out of American markets , for the Russian material would depress its prices and profits .
USEC repeatedly tried to hold the American taxpayer for ransom , saying that it would not continue to bring the Russian material into the United States unless it was paid additional money .
What should now be clear is that this decision by the American government , taken largely behind closed doors , affects more than Wall Street , more than America : it affects the whole world .
Thus , foreign producers ca n't compete unless their costs are $ 1.05 per gallon lower than those of American producers .
Yet , despite this huge advantage , some foreign firms can still make it in the American market .
But , as one developing country minister put it , `` Our farmers can compete with America 's farmers ; we just ca n't compete with America 's Treasury . ''
Developing countries can not , and should not , open up their markets fully to America 's agricultural goods unless US subsidies are fully eliminated .
In other areas of trade , the principle of countervailing duties has been recognized : when a country imposes a subsidy , others can impose a tax to offset the unfair advantage given to that country 's producers .
If markets are opened up , countries should be given the right to countervail American and European subsidies .
The questions posed by young French workers , who wonder how globalization will make them better off if it means accepting lower wages and weaker job protection , can no longer be ignored .
Nor can such questions be answered with the wistful hope that everyone will someday benefit .
To the extent that changes in technology have contributed to the near stagnation of real wages for low-skilled workers in the United States and elsewhere for the past three decades , there is little that citizens can do .
But they can do something about globalization .
Economic theory does not say that everyone will win from globalization , but only that the net gains will be positive , and that the winners can therefore compensate the losers and still come out ahead .
But the Scandinavian countries have shown that there is another way .
But investments in education and research , together with a strong social safety net , can lead to a more productive and competitive economy , with more security and higher living standards for all .
There is a broad array of policies that can benefit people in both developing and developed countries , thereby providing globalization with the popular legitimacy that it currently lacks .
In other words , globalization can be changed ; indeed , it is clear that it will be changed .
Smaller-scale corruption is bad , but systemic corruption of political processes can have even greater costs .
Campaign contributions and lobbying that lead to rapid privatizations of utilities -- before appropriate regulatory frameworks are in place , and in a manner that produces only a few bidders -- can impede development , even without direct kickbacks to government officials .
Many other policies and procedures can be enacted that reduce incentives for corruption .
Finally , while developing countries must take responsibility for rooting out corruption , there is much that the West can do to help .
Of course , the Bank must do everything that it can to ensure that its money is well spent , which means fighting both corruption and incompetence .
The Tyranny of King Cotton Americans like to think that if poor countries simply open up their markets , greater prosperity will follow .
Without subsidies , it would not pay for Americans to produce much cotton ; with them , the US is the world 's largest cotton exporter .
Some 25,000 rich American cotton farmers divide $ 3 to $ 4 billion in subsidies among themselves -- with most of the money going to a small fraction of the recipients .
Rather than offering to do away with its cotton subsidies , America offered to open up American markets to cotton imports -- an essentially meaningless public-relations move that quickly backfired .
Had the Bush administration fulfilled its commitments , Americans taxpayers would have benefited from the elimination of huge agricultural subsidies -- a real boon in this era of yawning budget deficits .
Americans would have been better off as consumers , too , with increased access to a variety of low-cost goods from poor countries .
Written under the leadership of Sir Nicholas Stern of the London School of Economics , who succeeded me as Chief Economist of the World Bank , the report makes clear that the question is no longer whether we can afford to do anything about global warming , but whether we can afford not to .
Indeed , the study may actually significantly underestimate the costs : for instance , climate change may lead to more weather variability , a possible disappearance or major shift of the Gulf Stream -- of particular concern to Europe -- and a flourishing of disease .
When I served in 1995 on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the scientific group that periodically assesses the science of global warming , there was overwhelming evidence that the concentration of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere had increased markedly since the beginning of the industrial revolution , that human activity had contributed significantly to those increases , and that they would have profound effects on climate and sea levels .
A global externality can best be dealt with by a globally agreed tax rate .
Exxon has reportedly been funding so-called think tanks to undermine confidence in the science of global warming , just as the tobacco industry funded `` research '' to question the validity of statistical findings showing the link between smoking and cancer .
Small changes in practices , when replicated by hundreds of millions of people , can make an enormous difference .
For example , simply changing the color of roofs in warm climates to reflect sunlight or planting trees around houses can lead to great savings on energy used for air conditioning .
Some policymakers have concluded from Phelps ' analysis that the unemployment rate can not be lowered permanently without ever-increasing levels of inflation .
The correct implication , which Phelps repeatedly emphasized , is that governments can implement a variety of policies , particularly structural policies , to allow the economy to operate at a lower level of unemployment .
There is simply little or no empirical evidence that inflation , at the low to moderate rates that have prevailed in recent decades , has any significant harmful real effects on output , employment , growth , or the distribution of income .
Nor is there evidence that inflation , should it increase slightly , can not be reversed at a relatively minor cost -- comparable to the benefits of additional employment and growth enjoyed in the excessive expansion of the economy that led to the increase in inflation .
Phelps ' work helped us to understand the complexity of the relationship between inflation and unemployment , and the important role that expectations can play in that relationship .
But it is a misuse of that analysis to conclude that nothing can be done about unemployment , or that monetary authorities should focus exclusively on inflation .
He has tried to understand what we can do to lower unemployment and increase the well-being of those at the bottom .
But he has also striven to understand what makes capitalist economies dynamic , what lies behind the entrepreneurial spirit , and what we can do to promote it further .
Slowdown has cast a pallor over the Clinton Administration 's boasting , its promise that if a country adhered to capitalism American-style then it would be assured of unprecedented and sustained prosperity .
In retrospect , the best that can be said of former US Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin and current Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan is that they enjoyed the ride while the going was good , and Rubin was smart enough to bail out before the crash .
Each , however , can also be said to be guilty of dangerous driving .
Real estate bubbles are another fact of life ; and when they break , as they did in the 1980s in the US , Scandinavia , and Thailand , they bring down economies with them .
Indeed , statistical studies find virtually no evidence of significant adverse effects of increases in inflation , so long as it remains low to moderate .
It is now no longer clear how long this can continue without a loss of confidence .
The increased pace of warming reflects the impact of complex non-linear factors and a variety of `` tipping points '' that can result in acceleration of the process .
What is required , first and foremost , are market-based incentives to induce Americans to use less energy and to produce more energy in ways that emit less carbon .
The US imposes a tariff of more than 50 cents per gallon on sugar-based ethanol from Brazil , but subsidizes inefficient corn-based American ethanol heavily -- indeed , it requires more than a gallon of gasoline to fertilize , harvest , transport , process , and distill corn to yield one gallon of ethanol .
But claims by Bush that America can not afford to do anything about global warming ring hollow : other advanced industrial countries with comparable standards of living emit only a fraction of what the US emits per dollar of GDP .
As a result , American firms with access to cheap energy are given a big competitive advantage over firms in Europe and elsewhere .
A striking fact about climate change is that there is little overlap between the countries that are most vulnerable to its effects -- mainly poor countries in the South that can ill afford to deal with the consequences -- and the countries , like the US , that are the largest polluters .
The companies can recover their expenses thanks to patents , which give them a temporary monopoly and thus allow them to charge prices well above the cost of producing the drugs .
We can not expect innovation without paying for it .
In the Third World , this can be a matter of life and death for people who can not afford new brand-name drugs but might be able to afford generics .
Similarly , companies raced to beat the human genome project in order to patent genes such as that associated with breast cancer .
Of course , the patent system is itself a prize system , albeit a peculiar one : the prize is temporary monopoly power , implying high prices and restricted access to the benefits that can be derived from the new knowledge .
But , while GDP per capita has been rising in the US , most Americans are worse off today than they were five years ago .
As individuals , we are part of an ever-widening circle of communities , and we can realize our potential only if we live in harmony with each other .
Today , only Europe can speak with credibility on the subject of universal human rights .
In this area , too , Europe has taken the lead , especially concerning global warming , showing that petty selfishness can be put aside to achieve a common good .
China has been engaged in what might be called `` vendor finance , '' providing the money that helps finance the huge US fiscal and trade deficits , allowing Americans to buy more goods than they sell .
Instead , it should pursue a `` balanced '' intellectual property regime : because knowledge itself is the most important input in the production of knowledge , a badly designed intellectual property regime can stifle innovation -- as has been the case in America in some areas .
I can think of no better way to restore confidence in these two venerable institutions than to finally open up the way their presidents are selected .
When Wolfowitz 's name was first mentioned as a candidate to lead the world 's premier development bank , the idea that the architect of America 's failure in Iraq would be so rewarded was met by incredulity .
The arguments against the `` old boy '' system -- by which the United States appoints the head of the World Bank and Europe the head of the IMF -- are especially compelling today How effective can the Bank be in promoting good governance and fighting corruption if its president is chosen in a process that demonstrates flaws in its own governance ?
Here are some of the questions -- with some hints at right and wrong answers -- that it should ask any proposed candidate for the Bank 's presidency , including Bush 's nominee , Robert Zoellick :
Any candidate claiming to represent the interests of developing countries must distance himself from these policies .
Today , money goes to countries that are neither most in need nor can most effectively use it .
Complying with current orthodoxies -- for example , on privatization and liberalization -- can earn you points on `` good governance , '' and thus increase aid allocations -- even when they reduce true aid effectiveness .
Since then , it has shown that it can close secret bank accounts , but has chosen to do so only for terrorists .
We may not be facing a repeat of the global financial crisis of 1997 , but make no mistake , imperfections in the global financial system can still be costly , both in terms of global prosperity and stability .
Malaysia 's success thus should be studied both by those looking for economic prosperity and those seeking to understand how our world can live together , not just with toleration , but also with respect , sharing their common humanity and working together to achieve common goals .
But no bubble can expand forever .
With middle-class incomes in the United States stagnating , Americans could not afford ever more expensive homes .
Booming home prices gave Americans the confidence , and the financial wherewithal , to spend more than their income .
Record-low interest rates in 2001 , 2002 and 2003 did not lead Americans to invest more -- there was already excess capacity .
But this is what Alan Greenspan encouraged Americans to do .
While it meant that American banks were not hit as hard as they would otherwise , America 's bad lending practices have had global effects .
Eventually , it became a global financial crisis , embroiling Russia and Latin American countries , such as Brazil , and unleashing forces that played out over the ensuing years : Argentina in 2001 may be counted as among its victims .
Looking back at the crisis a decade later , we can see more clearly how wrong the diagnosis , prescription , and prognosis of the IMF and United States Treasury were .
In South Korea , the IMF urged the sale of the country 's banks to American investors , even though Koreans had managed their own economy impressively for four decades , with higher growth , more stability , and without the systemic scandals that have marked US financial markets with such frequency .
There is now little doubt that greenhouse gases , such as carbon dioxide , are leading to significant changes in climate . Nor is there doubt that these changes will impose huge costs .
The question is no longer whether we can afford to do something , but rather how to control emissions in an equitable and effective way .
Still , the Bali meeting 's participants can agree on a few principles to guide future negotiations .
These include , first , that solutions to global warming require the participation of all countries . Second , there can be no free riders , so trade sanctions -- the only effective sanctions that the international community currently has -- can and should be imposed on those not going along .
Some firms can even make money off the deal .
With developing countries standing to lose even more than developed countries if nothing is done about global warming , many believe they can be cajoled , threatened , or induced to be part of a global agreement .
With house prices declining , fewer Americans will be willing and able to continue their profligacy .
In America , one can feel the backlash mounting .
Now both US household and government spending is likely to be curbed , as both parties ' presidential candidates promise a return to fiscal responsibility .
This is the first war in American history that has not demanded some sacrifice from citizens through higher taxes ; instead , the entire cost is being passed onto future generations .
The administration has tried to keep the war 's costs from the American public .
A Blackwater Security guard can cost more than $ 1,000 per day , not including disability and life insurance , which is paid for by the government .
Americans like to say that there is no such thing as a free lunch .
America 's War-Torn Economy NEW YORK -- Some say there are two issues in the coming American elections : the Iraq war and the economy .
Higher oil prices mean that Americans -LRB- and Europeans and Japanese -RRB- are paying hundreds of millions of dollars to Middle East oil dictators and oil exporters elsewhere in the world rather than spending it at home .
So much money was pumped into the economy and so lax were regulators that one leading American bank advertised its loans with the slogan `` qualified at birth '' -- a clear indication that there were , in effect , no credit standards .
Raising interest rates can reduce aggregate demand , which can slow the economy and tame increases in prices of some goods and services , especially non-traded goods and services .
But , unless taken to an intolerable level , these measures by themselves can not bring inflation down to the targeted levels .
Second , we must recognize that high prices can cause enormous stress , especially for lower-income individuals .
They can be traced back to the economist Frank Knight 's 1921 book Risk , Uncertainty , and Profit .
Knight recognized that a significant distinction should be drawn between outcomes whose probabilities are well characterized -LRB- `` risks '' -RRB- and those where this is not possible -LRB- `` uncertainties '' -RRB- .
Indeed , there can be no guarantee under ambiguity that even the best scientific analysis will lead to a definitive policy answer .
Of course , no one can reliably foresee the unpredictable , but we can learn from past mistakes .
Investors in China must consider their vulnerability to negative publicity , and be confident that they can explain their position .
Activists can not possibly take aim at all foreign businesses in China , so most firms are unlikely to be specifically targeted or suffer reputational damage .
Nonetheless , where firms or industries are particularly vulnerable to reputational issues , image and ethics could be a significant factor in more marginal business decisions -LRB- particularly with rising costs and tougher labor regulations already causing some firms to look elsewhere -RRB- .
A sense of despondency has set in that nothing can be done to stop it .
Monetary policy can be used in countries where interest rates remain high , but its effectiveness in a credit squeeze is likely to be limited .
A sudden stop to such flows is a severe blow and raises special challenges that can not be solved by these countries alone .
The dynamics of fear are potentially catastrophic , but these dynamics can be broken .
Many African countries have used the past decade to put in place sound and sustainable economic policies that have delivered robust growth and low inflation .
The high food and fuel prices that prevailed until recently have taken a heavy toll on the finances of many African economies .
The priority for Africa and the international community must be to ensure that the continent weathers the global financial storm , preserves the significant achievements of the past decade , and continues to make decisive progress in combating poverty .
Clearly , the responsibility to implement sound economic policies rests with African countries themselves .
My view is that strong policies on the African side , with strong support from the international community , offer the best prospects for sustained growth and poverty reduction in Africa .
We are working closely with our 53 African members on crafting the appropriate policy response .
At the conference in Tanzania , we look forward to feedback and ideas about how the Fund can do even more -- and differently .
With its ability to mobilize large financial resources and buttress policy credibility , the IMF can help mitigate the large economic and social costs often associated with crises .
Equally important is the realization that by working together , we can build a more successful and more stable global economy , for the benefit of all countries .
But Ma has taken a different approach . He has eased tensions with China by focusing on what both sides can agree upon .
What people in Taiwan want is nothing more and nothing less than acknowledgement that they can decide their own future .
The real issue is whether both sides can acknowledge that Taiwan 's people have the right to determine their future .
And the People 's Republic will need to recognize that the best way to entice Taiwanese to embrace reunification is to make the proposition so attractive that they can not resist .
There can be no doubt that growing foreign-policy activism , especially in relation to the Middle East , has begun to enhance Turkey 's role and influence in its own region .
The myth can be stated succinctly .
As individual savings accounts figure increasingly in social protection systems , governments need to provide adequate economic security for those who can not benefit from such social protection schemes .
Even now , there is enough food in the world , with a bumper harvest this year , but more people can not afford to buy the food they need .
But food can not be treated as just another commodity , and governments should develop appropriate policies , infrastructure , and institutions to ensure food security -LRB- not to be equated with total self-sufficiency -RRB- at the national or regional level .
Some bio-fuels are far more cost-effective and energy-efficient than others , and different bio-fuel stocks have very different opportunity costs for food agriculture -LRB- sugar has not experienced any significant price increase -RRB- .
In order to provide more energy to meet development goals without accelerating global warming , there must be a shift to a new energy infrastructure built around renewables -LRB- of which the most significant are probably solar power , wind , and biofuels -RRB- , cleaner coal , and carbon capture and storage .
But if poverty is defined principally in terms of the money income needed to avoid hunger , how can announcements such as these be reconciled ?
Such fads have not succeeded in significantly reducing poverty . This is not to deny some positive consequences .
The virtual abandonment of recovery efforts in most developed economies presumes that stronger Asian economic growth outside Japan can lift the world economy from its current trajectory .
Hence , the US current-account deficit can not be addressed without dealing with related problems : first , the lack of a proper international reserve-currency arrangement , and , second , the perceived need of emerging-market economies with liberalized capital accounts to accumulate reserves for protection against volatile capital flows .
These issues can be addressed only through systemic reform over the medium term , while the recovery effort should remain the global priority in the near term .
NEW YORK -- After the economic disaster of 2008-2009 , people are understandably wary of the devastation that yet another financial crisis can wreak .
The wrong public policies can induce recessions .
The outrageous increases in financial executives ' remuneration in recent years , which can not be attributed to increased productivity , have exacerbated the financial sector 's focus on the short term , while worsening its risk exposure in the longer term , thereby exacerbating systemic vulnerability .
By using this moment strategically and wisely , the EU would have a chance to reframe its relationship with the southern Mediterranean -LRB- as it is being redubbed -RRB- to promote generational development and growth in ways that can address Europe 's interests , too .
The best way to allay European fears and prevent uncontrolled migration is to establish positive incentives , and the practical means , for potential migrants to stay home -- most significantly by creating jobs in the southern Mediterranean .
The southern Mediterranean can be the source of this labor , given its huge youth bulge .
Policies that help train the next generation of North Africans , and allow them to circulate more freely between Europe and their home countries , are a much smarter solution than the current approach , which sustains illegal migration without meeting Europe 's labor needs . This is an argument not for more migration , but for better migration -- well thought out and planned .
The same arc of development can and should be limned for the southern Mediterranean .
The Global Forum has done its job by generating and fostering ideas that can make migration benefit the development of countries of origin and destination .
The EU spent 9billion euros between 1999 and 2002 to prepare Central European and Baltic candidate countries for membership - 10 times the amount it spent on Central Asia 's impoverished non-candidate countries .
Foreign direct investment in 1991-2001 averaged $ 1,400 per capita in the eight former communist EU candidate countries .
Let me add another : Western assistance to EU non-candidate countries is neither comprehensive nor systematic .
All of this is in sharp contrast with the treatment given the EU candidates .
The EU 's technical capacity , which has been preoccupied by enlargement , could be redirected towards assistance for the non-candidate countries of Euro-Asia .
Current EU members and successful candidate countries could make available large-scale training programs in market-relevant disciplines for the young generation in CIS countries ;
Take the Euro and Run when optimum currency area can
Then came the 1990s , and the Christian Democratic party that largely represented this moderate constituency was wiped out by corruption scandals .
Inaction is simply not an option for the new government . And yet agreement on virtually everything of significance will be very difficult to reach .
After the Netherlands and France , Germany may be next -LRB- German elections are due in the autumn , and the center-right candidate - Minister\/President Stoiber of Bavaria - is now the favorite -RRB- .
The successes of populist\/right wing parties can largely be attributed to the failures of left-leaning governments .
Representatives of 16 countries -- Austria , Ireland , Portugal , the three Scandinavian countries , and the ten states that will join the EU in May 2004 -- submitted a proposal , in the form of a declaration , that calls for preserving the EU 's current delicate institutional balance .
An electoral college would allocate seats to each country in proportion to its population , and each candidate would receive electoral college votes proportional to the vote taken in that country , either by universal suffrage or in the national parliament . This would force presidential candidates to campaign with equal energy in all countries .
Beyond that , they can do genuine good by recognizing the merit of the proposal for an electoral college .
At the risk of over-simplifying , they can be grouped under three headings :
To be sure , the introduction of the euro was a true revolution , and we can not yet see all its effects .
Yet , while reform efforts intensified throughout Europe in the late 1990 's both inside and outside of the euro area , there is little evidence that `` ins '' enacted more far-reaching and significant supply-side reforms than the `` outs . ''
But one thing is certain : Europe can not afford other `` distractions . ''
The US administration is determined to consolidate political freedoms in many developing countries under its sphere of influence ; indeed , expansion of democracy has become a cornerstone of American foreign policy .
Conversely , if an economy is tightly controlled by the state , has protectionist barriers against foreign imports and capital movements , or relies on rents from exhaustible resources to obtain foreign currency , transition to democracy can be plagued by populism and struggles for redistribution , hurting economic growth .
Moreover , salaries can not fall below a legislated minimum wage , which is so high that the least productive and least skilled workers remain shut out of the labor market .
French civil servants , convinced that they can spot profit opportunities better than the market , engage in a proactive industrial policy with a variety of tools , including the retention of minority or controlling stakes in a number of large enterprises .
As a result , economic growth will slow , and China 's domestic problems -- such as income inequality -- will worsen , even as political institutions that can channel popular grievances remain underdeveloped .
Without comprehensive reform under strong political leadership , a tax hike alone can not solve Japan 's problems .
So the future in Asia now appears to belong to China , whose economic growth supports that of neighboring countries -- and whose mercantilism is prevailing in the region .
The geopolitical landscape that emerges around the middle of this decade will thus reflect significant changes elsewhere in Asia as well .
Even so , Chinese policy choices significantly influence other Asian countries , with China 's `` state capitalist '' economic model now being mimicked elsewhere in the region .
If Europe can successfully manage this role , US-China tensions can be overcome , offering the entire world the opportunity to harness and benefit from the strength of its two largest economies .
Moreover , the extremely sharp contraction in first-quarter GDP may indicate that the disaster 's negative impact on the economy was more significant than expected .
But the impact of even a small number of disruptions to supply chains can be highly significant , particularly for the Asia-Pacific region .
While this severely weakened Japan 's defenses , the US ensured East Asia 's security by deploying an aircraft carrier and cruisers , and American forces also searched for missing victims together with the JSDF .
How can this be done ?
NEW YORK -- For the American economy -- and for many other developed economies -- the elephant in the room is the amount of money paid to bankers over the last five years .
Extrapolating over the coming decade , the numbers would approach $ 5 trillion , an amount vastly larger than what both President Barack Obama 's administration and his Republican opponents seem willing to cut from further government deficits .
That $ 5 trillion dollars is not money invested in building roads , schools , and other long-term projects , but is directly transferred from the American economy to the personal accounts of bank executives and employees .
Such transfers represent as cunning a tax on everyone else as one can imagine .
Excessive leverage , rather than skills , can be seen as the source of their resulting profits , which then flow disproportionately to employees , and of their sometimes-massive losses , which are borne by shareholders and taxpayers .
The promise of replicating past returns can not be the reason , given the inadequacy of those returns .
An additional benefit of dispersing these productive resources will be greater interaction with Brazil 's South American partners .
Oil revenues can be controlled by the state to be used , in part , for social programs , as in Venezuela .
Or private capital can be granted a bigger say , and trust placed in the market to provide for society .
Yet , in debates in the Diet , our parliament , neither Prime Minister Koizumi nor the Foreign Minister utter anything more than such tepid responses as : `` Japan can not respond to a hypothetical situation ; '' or `` Japan can not take a definitive stance without assessing the results of the inspections ; '' and `` It is in Japan 's national interest not to declare whether or not it supports the use of force . ''
But Japan can no longer afford to be silent or vague about growing global insecurity , as the crisis next door on the Korean peninsula demonstrates .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and recent statements by CIA Director George Tenet that North Korea possesses missiles capable of reaching the US West Coast undoubtedly shocked Americans out of their complacency over North Korea 's nuclear status .
But what can shake Japan 's political class out of its silence ?
Japan also can directly assist in resolving the North Korea crisis by acting as a facilitator , encouraging Russian President Vladimir Putin -- in concert with Japan , South Korea , and China -- to initiate negotiations with North Korea 's Kim Jong Il .
-LRB- They are strongly opposed by Holland , the Scandinavian countries , and the former Communist countries of Eastern Europe , which are familiar with communist repression . -RRB-
Just as American presidents looked foolish when they bent US foreign policy to the dictates of American wheat farmers in the 1970 's and 1980 's , European governments that are prepared to mortgage Asian security to a restless China also command no respect .
Armenian forces are well dug in and have received a significant boost from Russia 's diversion of heavy weaponry to Armenia from some recently closed Georgian military bases .
The country 's southwest edge is on the same longitude as the countries of the south Caucasus and Turkey , all of which are already ENP countries or in the case of Turkey an EU candidate .
There is little doubt that the SCO is an instrument for Russia and China to make the case for a multi-polar world based on regional security blocs that counterbalance American strategic hegemony .
This seeming double standard can be explained partly by a sense of guilt : the West has , for the most part , embraced Kosovo 's independence in an effort to assuage its own culpability for not preventing Slobodan Milosevic 's campaign of ethnic cleansing there .
But chief among Bangladesh 's opportunities is the chance to show the world that a Muslim-majority country can freely embrace liberal democracy and make it work by confining religion to the private sphere .
Bangladesh is a country rich with human potential , but that potential can only be realized by making poor people 's needs -- which Islamists around the world have previously made their own political territory -- the new government 's top priority .
It also confirms the emergence of a new troika of Latin American leaders -- Colombia 's President Alvaro Uribe , Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , and Mexican President Felipe Calderón -- who are set on finishing off Latin America 's destabilizing drug cartels and guerrilla movements , as well as isolating the region 's demagogic upstart , Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez .
Chávez is the loser not only because he had provided the FARC moral support -LRB- he once described them as `` belligerents , '' not terrorists , and publicly called Uribe an American stooge -RRB- , but also because it is believed that he has been providing the FARC covert military support .
That backing appeared to be part of Chávez 's `` Bolivarian '' socialist revolution , which has used Venezuela 's petrodollars to bankroll left-wing governments in Ecuador , Bolivia , and Cuba in the hope of building up a regional anti-American alliance .
Some in the Bush administration accept this argument , saying that they are happy to see Latin American democracies seeking influence where the United States can not . Latin America , it seems , is no longer held hostage by its demagogues and guerrillas .
For many politicians , particularly in America , there is an unwillingness to upset Turkey without strong justification , given its record as a loyal NATO ally and putative EU candidate country .
Only then can the past truly be past .
Some of the country , however , can meet at least a basic standard of governance .
Indeed , following a fact-finding mission in 2007 , a consensus is emerging within the EU that an African Union country should be the first to recognize Somaliland 's independence .
Ethiopia is the obvious candidate to spearhead recognition , given its worries about jihadi unrest within Somalia .
Not likely . Thus clear principles are needed , as neither self-determination nor the inviolability of national borders can be treated as sacrosanct in every case .
But that price can take the form of morally squalid decisions in which innocent people bear the brunt of the cost of freedom 's defense .
The way in which the inhabitants of this archipelago were systematically dispossessed and thrown off their land in the name of Western strategic interests is a human tragedy for which the West can and should make restitution .
The artificial fusion of the mainly Arab , Muslim north of Sudan and the African south , where Christianity and traditional animist beliefs are predominant , has been an abject failure .
The world can not afford a second Afghanistan in Bangladesh , where Huji members are believed to have given sanctuary to many Taliban fighters after the fall of their regime .
Perhaps for the first time since inventing the zero , India has a hot product to sell -- and , this time , it can keep the profits for itself .
Unlike in China , India 's government can not simply ride roughshod over local interests by , say , leveling a village to build a roadway or a dam .
The second point of convergence between Indian and Western interests is one that will probably get no public mention during Chirac 's visit : India can perhaps serve as a counterweight to China .
The latest crisis proves again that Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad can not be trusted .
Ahmedinejad can sense an international community divided , and like his fellow pariah leader , North Korea 's Kim Jong-il , he is exploiting that division at every opportunity .
The possibility of degrading Iran 's nuclear weapons program through military action can not be totally discounted , although it should of course be the last option and would be immensely risky even if militarily possible .
Yet there is much more that EU leaders can do to undermine the regime economically .
The EU 's trade significance for Iran is huge , accounting for 40 % of Iran 's imports and a quarter of its exports .
Individual companies , mindful of US sanctions on those who do business with the regime , can also help .
This law defines `` conflicts of interest '' in such a way that , although the Chief Executive Officer -LRB- CEO -RRB- of a media empire can not be Prime Minister , the man who actually owns that empire can .
Bossi now knows that the first two promises can not be kept . So he must deliver on the third , or the League will be gravely wounded .
The trouble with Berlusconi is that the corporate empire that he owns , which ranges from media and publishing to insurance and advertising , can conceivably affect key foreign-policy issues . And when sensitive questions like immigration and energy security are in play , his government 's foreign policy can have an impact on other countries ' citizens , too .
Indeed , a rather straightforward pattern emerges from the American diplomatic cables released by WikiLeaks so far .
Such allegations can of course be disputed , and Berlusconi was quick to laugh them off .
But the underlying question , whether Italy is trustworthy or not , can not be dismissed so easily .
Just as US diplomats have done , the rest of the international community has a right to speculate about the Berlusconi family business 's international priorities ; about whether these priorities are influencing Italy 's foreign policy ; and about how Berlusconi can show that they are not .
Anyone with access to YouTube can view the 1986 footage of Berlusconi being interviewed in one of his network 's studios by veteran journalist -LRB- and later vocal opponent -RRB- Enzo Biagi .
But , almost six months into the North African upheavals , the number of arrivals on the southern island of Lampedusa has reached roughly 30,000 .
Adherence to such tenets would place Nahda in the same league of moderate Islamist parties as the Turkey 's Justice and Development Party and its Moroccan counterpart .
Indeed , that perceived deficit is something of a politically convenient canard .
The unwritten rule in Europe seems to be that , the more depoliticized the process , the more legitimacy technocrats can earn .
Indonesia can be one ally .
India , proud of its long-standing democracy and fresh from its own elections , shares a border with Myanmar and can also assist efforts there .
So diplomatic efforts must instead aim to join Americans and like-minded Asians in common cause , to push for steps forward in the medium to longer term .
American leadership -- globally and in Asia -- can no longer be presumed . It must be earned .
But the pardon request is already significant .
Some activists have criticized US Senator Jim Webb 's journey to Yangon to obtain the release of John Yettaw , the American whose actions triggered the charges against Aung San Suu Kyi .
If this can be done , the chances of progress in the run-up to the 2010 elections will be strengthened .
Southeast Asians have a renewed openness towards American leadership , and meaningful initiatives can be started that would resonate with regional aspirations .
In this time of crisis and unemployment , the American public may question freer trade .
But more and more American businesses realize that still-growing Asian markets are vital for their future profits and overall economic recovery .
Most economic frameworks are among Asians only , but an American initiative could trump them and ensure that the region remains open and engaged with the US .
If he achieves this , Obama 's long trip will be valuable for Americans , and Asians will realize that it was worth waiting for him .
But , taken together , these cancellations make clear that even a US administration that wants to engage more with Asia may still find itself preoccupied with domestic priorities , especially this year , as mid-term elections approach .
After all , many sorts of bodies , even the loosest aggregations , can adopt majority decision-making .
Indeed , we can even imagine that a potential monarch , waiting to return to power in a coup , agrees with me on the issue in question .
Perhaps no answer can satisfy them .
But without deciding this philosophical issue , we can ask : what feature of our `` imagined communities '' persuades people to accept that they are free under a democratic regime , even when their will is overridden on important issues ?
Only an appeal to this kind of membership can rebut the challenge of those considering support for a monarch 's or general 's or provisional government 's coup in the name of their freedom .
The crucial point is that regardless of who is right philosophically , it is only insofar as people accept some such appeal that the legitimacy principle underlying popular sovereignty can work to secure their consent .
In short , there can be no democracy without a shared identity as participants in a common agency .
But whether the `` democratic deficit '' on the European level be remedied also depends on whether a shared European identity can be forged out of the 25 nations that will soon make up the European Union .
Even simple requests , like that of schoolgirls to wear headscarves in class , are suddenly freighted with immense political significance and treated as issues that must be resolved at the highest level of government .
That agenda is `` Islam , '' which many imagine to include all the terrible things that we can read about in the press every day : the stoning of adulterous women under Sharia law in northern Nigeria , the amputation of thieves ' hands in Saudi Arabia , honor killings of women who refuse arranged marriages in Pakistan -LRB- or even northern English cities like Bradford and Manchester -RRB- , the willingness to justify suicide bombings .
So how can we stop this madness ?
The real question , then , is this : Where are the crossover figures who can provide that urgently needed connection ?
Growing demand for raw materials , owing to sharply increased industrial growth in Asia , particularly China and India , has benefited the terms of trade of many Latin American countries , and this is not expected to end anytime soon .
Brazil , Chile , Ecuador , Nicaragua , and Venezuela elected socialist or populist\/reformist presidential candidates in 2006 , while Bolivia elected a populist indigenous president in 2005 , Uruguay a socialist president the same year , and Argentina a leftist-centrist president in 2003 .
As a result , the new generation of leaders can not introduce drastic structural reforms , badly needed in several countries , in a way that jeopardizes macroeconomic stability -- without which none of their promises can be fulfilled .
Only one Latin American country -LRB- Haiti -RRB- appears in the group of low HDI countries , while the rest are in the medium and high HDI groups .
Of the 30 Latin American countries included in this year 's report , only one-third have lower HDI rankings than GDP rankings , and only a few -- those with the region 's greatest need for significant improvements in social infrastructure , particularly provision of health and education -- show large discrepancies .
UN Special Envoy for Côte d'Ivoire Choi Young-jin was categorical , stating that `` the proclamation of the final results by the President of the Constitutional Council ... which makes candidate Laurent Gbagbo the winner of the second round , can only be interpreted as a decision having no factual basis . ''
Within 48 hours of the CEI 's announcement , both candidates swore themselves in as President . Ouattara went a step further , naming a prime minister and a 13-seat cabinet .
The Economic Community of West African States -LRB- ECOWAS -RRB- strongly condemned any attempt to `` usurp the popular will of the people of Côte d'Ivoire and appeals to all stakeholders to accept the results declared by the electoral commission . ''
The African Union also responded promptly . Its Peace and Security Council met and expressed the AU 's categorical rejection of any attempt to create a fait accompli that undermines the electoral process .
The AU also sent former South African president Thabo Mbeki and Burkina Faso 's former minister for national security , Djibril Bassolé , who helped broker the Ouagadougou Agreement between then President Gbagbo and rebel leader Guillaume Soro a decade ago .
But , while the AU 's dispatch of Mbeki demonstrates serious engagement , it should not lead to a negotiated solution or a compromise that thwarts the wishes of a majority of Ivorians . Indeed , in recent years an unfortunate trend has emerged in African politics : losing candidates , unhappy with their election results , unleash violence until the only option for mediators is to grant them a continued role in government .
As mediator for the Southern African Development Community -LRB- SADC -RRB- , Mbeki helped broker the Global Political Agreement between Morgan Tsvangirai and Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe .
India 's success as a democracy also strengthens freedom globally and protects broader American interests .
It can begin by creating greater opportunities for US firms -- including from the nuclear industry -- to invest in India 's economic success .
It can expand defense cooperation beyond purchases of American-made military equipment by deepening its diplomatic engagement with the US to help find solutions to the difficult problems stemming from Afghanistan , Pakistan , and Iran .
In addition , the US and India should create innovation partnerships , which would not only yield direct returns to both countries , but would also demonstrate how a strong bilateral relationship can improve the international system .
If Obama can weather domestic resistance to new international trade negotiations and modify America 's current position on sectoral tariff reduction by developing countries , the US and India will have an opportunity to break the impasse that has stymied the Doha Round 's successful conclusion .
In short , Obama ought not to ask , `` What will India do for us ? '' , but rather , `` Is a strong , democratic and independent India in America 's national interest ? '' If the answer to this question is yes -- as it should be -- then the US should focus on how it can help India 's power continue to grow .
By reaffirming the US commitment to aid India 's rise , and by emphasizing America 's fellowship with India , Obama can help bring the two countries together on the basis of shared interests , and move their relationship forward significantly .
But the EU can overcome national impediments by developing exemplary universities and research centers that would be properly European , serving as an incentive to quality and reform at the national level .
In many matters pertaining to the Lisbon Strategy , the EU can not avoid member states ' concerns .
One can never overlook the old colonial administrative habit of `` divide and rule , '' exemplified , again , by British policy in the subcontinent after 1857 , which led almost inexorably to the tragedy of Partition .
A similar case can be made about the former Yugoslavia , where lands that existed under Austro-Hungarian rule for 800 years were joined to lands that spent almost as long under Ottoman suzerainty .
The result was the manufacture of unconvincing political myths , as artificial as the countries they mythologize , which all-too-often can not command genuine patriotic allegiance from their citizenry .
The uneven development of infrastructure , as a result of priorities skewed to benefit colonialists , can lead to resources being distributed unevenly , which can lead to increasing social fissures .
After all , you do n't hear Canada 's foreign minister denying tension on his country 's American frontier , because the truth of that proposition is self-evident .
Whenever troops from either side build roads , construct or repair bunkers and other fortifications , or conduct patrols close to the LAC , tensions can flare .
Foreign Minister Mukherjee was treated rudely on his recent visit , with Premier Wen Jiabao canceling a previously-scheduled appointment and the Governor of Sichuan Province failing to show up to receive a donation of Indian humanitarian aid for China 's earthquake victims .
With the end of the Cold War , China had two options concerning India : to regard it as a natural ally , together with Russia , in building up an alternative to American dominance in the region , or to identify it as a potential adversary .
But none of us can deny the attraction of the flags under which those athletes compete , the anthem that is played for the winners , and , ultimately , that impossible-to-ignore , regularly-updated medal tally , listing the gold , silver , and bronze medals awarded to each country , the Games ' real honor roll .
Every Indian who follows the Olympics has cringed scanning the daily list of medal winners , eyes traveling down past dozens of nations big and small before alighting on a solitary Indian bronze in tennis or wrestling .
Indians like to think we can hold our own against the best in the world in any field : our Kalidasa can stand up to their Shakespeare , our Ramanujan to their Einstein , our Bollywood to their Hollywood and , these days , our Infosys to their Microsoft .
An Indian beauty queen , Madhu Sapre , once became an unwitting victim of Indians ' sense of national shame at our sporting insignificance .
We are a developing country , it is said ; after all , it is not just your eye against his , your legs against hers , but what you can do against their trainer , their running shoe , their ergodynamic costume , their titanium archer 's bow .
Our talent pool is n't really a billion , some argue ; it 's only the well off and middle class , maybe 300 million strong , who can afford to play sports .
And if Indians can be better than white and black sportsmen on the cricket field , why ca n't they beat them in an Olympic stadium ?
The newly globalized India can no longer content itself with mediocrity in this global competition .
Estranged during the Cold War by American support for Pakistan and India 's leadership of the non-aligned movement , the two countries have been drawing ever closer during the last decade .
American companies have quintupled their investments in India over the last decade .
Indians are reading MRIs for American patients , providing call-center support for American consumers , and delivering world-class research and development services for American companies .
Yoga clinics are rampant across the country , Indian restaurants are mushrooming in the remotest exurbs , and Bollywood DVDs have found unlikely American fans .
But , like all good agreements , the deal is a `` win-win '' : it helps India cope with crippling energy shortages by tripling its nuclear power generating capacity , and it provides major business opportunities for American companies to sell reactors and nuclear technology .
The closest Indian analogy to the position of black Americans is that of the Dalits -- formerly called `` Untouchables , '' the outcastes who for millennia suffered humiliating discrimination and oppression .
Only when a Dalit rules India can the country truly be said to have attained its own `` Obama moment . ''
Dalits and India 's aboriginals -LRB- listed in the Constitution as `` Scheduled Castes and Tribes '' -RRB- are entitled to 85 seats in India 's 543-member parliament that are `` reserved '' for candidates from their communities .
But what can India do ?
Instead the world was made to see an insecure and vulnerable India , a `` soft state '' bedevilled by enemies who can strike it at will .
By singling out Americans , British and Israelis for their malign attention , the terrorists extended the global Islamist war against `` Jews and crusaders '' to new territory .
In July this year , American intelligence sources publicly revealed that the suicide-bombing of the Indian Embassy in Kabul had been conducted at the behest of the ISI .
Israel can dictate the terms of its military incursion and end it at will , whereas an Indian military action would immediately spark a war with a well-armed neighbor that neither side could win .
When India 's embassy in Kabul was hit by a suicide bomber last July , American intelligence sources revealed that not only was Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence behind the attack , but that it made little effort to cover its tracks .
Yet , when Indians watch Israel take the fight to the enemy , killing those who launched rockets against it and dismantling many of the sites from which the rockets flew , some can not resist wishing that they could do something similar in Pakistan .
Exuberant , exciting , gaudy , and gritty in a way that can only be called Dickensian , Slumdog Millionaire brings contemporary Mumbai to life from the seamy side up , and it does so with brio , compassion , and all-round cinematic excellence .
Because so many voters are illiterate , India invented the party symbol , so that voters who can not read the name of their candidate can vote for him or her anyway by recognizing the symbol under which they campaigned .
Independent candidates can choose from an assortment of alternatives , ranging from a cricket bat to images of various large animals .
-LRB- Small ones were removed from the list when one candidate , running against another whose symbol was a parrot , wrung the neck of a live parrot at a public meeting to signify what he would do to his rival . -RRB-
There was a time when , in certain parts of India , workers could stuff ballot boxes for a candidate and political parties could `` capture '' polling booths .
It has been some time since there were reports of the occasional election worker , candidate , or voter being assaulted , kidnapped , or shot .
India 's last two governments each served a full term and presided over significant economic growth , even though they comprised 23 and 20 parties , respectively .
But coalition rule can also often mean governance of the lowest common denominator , as resistance by any of the government 's significant members to a policy can delay or even thwart it .
In India 's parliamentary system , if a coalition loses its majority , the government falls , and keeping allies together can sometimes prove a greater priority than getting things done .
In India , policy changes require political consensus within the ruling coalition , labor laws are strongly defended by unions and political parties , and controversial decisions can be challenged on the streets , in the courts , and ultimately at the polls .
Regional associations have been created on a variety of premises : geographical , as with the African Union ; geopolitical , as with the Organization of American States ; economic and commercial , as with ASEAN or Mercosur ; and security-driven , as with NATO .
Even Goldman Sachs can claim to have invented an inter-governmental body , since the `` BRIC '' concept coined by that Wall Street firm was recently institutionalized by a meeting of the heads of government of Brazil , Russia , India , and China in Yekaterinburg last month .
Malaysians talk with Mauritians , Arabs with Australians , South Africans with Sri Lankans , and Iranians with Indonesians .
This diversity of interests and capabilities can easily impede substantive cooperation , but it can also make such cooperation far more rewarding .
The world as a whole stands to benefit if 18 littoral states can find common ground in the churning waters of a mighty ocean .
NEW DELHI -- In July , I was among 30 men and women from around the world -- government ministers , bureaucrats , technologists , and strategic thinkers -- who gathered at the International Telecommunications Union -LRB- ITU -RRB- in Geneva to discuss how broadband can transform the world for the better .
This `` Broadband Commission '' met under the Chairmanship of Rwanda 's President Paul Kagame and the Mexican communications mogul Carlos Slim .
And , although mankind can not live by technology alone , the information revolution has liberated millions of people .
Estonia and Costa Rica are well-known examples of how information-access strategies can help accelerate output growth and raise income levels .
Some of the least developed countries , such as Mali and Bangladesh , have shown how determined leadership and innovative approaches can , with international support , connect remote and rural areas to the Internet and mobile telephony , thereby helping to liberate subsistence farmers who were previously tied to local knowledge and local markets .
There is no doubt that the Internet can be a democratizing tool .
But the stark reality of today 's world is that you can tell the rich from the poor by their Internet connections .
More Africans have become telecommunications users in the last four years than in the entire twentieth century .
High-speed broadband Internet access can improve everything from transport management , environmental protection , and emergency services to health care , distance education , and agricultural productivity .
India can advance with the confidence that it can cope with the world from a very secure base .
What African farmer , despite his lower initial costs , can compete ?
India is a land where history , myth , and legend often overlap ; sometimes Indians can not tell the difference .
Indeed , these extremists can hardly claim to espouse Hinduism , which stands out not only as an eclectic embodiment of tolerance , but also as the only major religion that does not claim to be the sole true one .
But it reminds the world that democratic India can overcome its most fundamental difficulties without violence or revolution .
India confronts an inescapable fact of geopolitics : you can put your ideals on hold , but you can not change who your neighbors are .
India 's government can not be blamed for deciding that its national interests in Burma are more important than standing up for democracy there .
Despite that omission , there is no doubting Gandhiji 's worldwide significance -- including for Liu .
The case for Gandhi-led global change rests principally on the American civil-rights leader Martin Luther King , Jr. , who attended a lecture on Gandhi , bought a half-dozen books about the Mahatma , and adopted satyagraha as both precept and method .
No wonder Nelson Mandela , who told me that Gandhi had `` always been a great source of inspiration , '' explicitly disavowed non-violence as ineffective in South Africans ' struggle against apartheid .
Indeed , Gandhi can sound frighteningly unrealistic : `` The willing sacrifice of the innocent is the most powerful answer to insolent tyranny that has yet been conceived by God or man . Disobedience , to be ` civil , ' must be sincere , respectful , restrained , never defiant , and it must have no ill will or hatred behind it .
In his internationalism , the Mahatma expressed ideals that few can reject .
Inevitably , few in today 's world can measure up to his greatness or aspire to his credo .
With such endorsements , however , expectations are high , and India 's government will have to think about how they can best be fulfilled .
But the five big countries now also on the Council will expect to be consulted ; their acquiescence on key questions can not simply be assumed .
Today 's reform imperatives can be traced to international divisions over the Iraq war .
The UN can be a much more effective instrument if its member states in the General Assembly and the Security Council are better organized and give clearer directives to us in the Secretariat -- along with the flexibility to carry them out -- and then hold us clearly accountable .
To the American motto , `` E Pluribus Unum , '' India could only counter , `` E Pluribus Pluribum . '' Instead of suppressing its diversity in the name of national unity , India acknowledged its pluralism in its institutional arrangements : all groups , faiths , tastes , and ideologies survive and contend for their place in the sun .
The heart of that consensus is the simple principle that you do n't need to agree all the time -- except on the ground rules about how you can disagree .
More generally , the logic of the electoral marketplace means that no single communal identity can dominate others .
A Senegalese friend told me of his illiterate mother who takes a bus to Dakar every month to watch a Bollywood film -- she does n't understand the Hindi dialogue and ca n't read the French subtitles , but she can still catch the spirit of the films and understand the story , and people like her look at India with stars in their eyes as a result .
Likewise , when Americans speak of the IITs , India 's technology institutes , with the same reverence they accord to MIT , and the `` Indianness '' of engineers and software developers is taken as synonymous with mathematical and scientific excellence , India gains in respect .
Indian Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee -- who was noticeably less forthcoming on Tibet than his American counterpart during a press conference with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice -- has publicly warned the Dalai Lama against doing anything that could have a `` negative impact on Indo-Sino relations . ''
While India facilitated the highly publicized visit by Nancy Pelosi , Speaker of the US House of Representatives , to the Dalai Lama in Dharamsala last month , it almost simultaneously canceled a scheduled meeting between him and Indian Vice-President Mohammed Hamid Ansari .
The opposition Bharatiya Janata Party -LRB- BJP , which led the previous government -RRB- has criticized the current administration for not `` expressing concern over the use of force by the Chinese government '' and instead `` adopting a policy of appeasement towards China with scant regard to the country 's national honor and foreign policy independence . ''
It can not undermine its own democratic principles and abridge the freedom of speech of Tibetans on its soil .
Nor can it afford to alienate its largest trading partner , a neighbor and an emerging global superpower , which is known to be prickly over any presumed slights to its sovereignty over Tibet .
If China wants to build a new six-lane expressway , it can bulldoze its way through any village in its path . In India , if you want to widen a two-lane road , you could be tied up in court for a dozen years over compensation entitlements .
But , as an Indian , I do not wish to pretend that we can compete in the global growth stakes with China .
But if we ca n't compete , can we co-operate ?
After all , one plus one does n't only equal two ; put together properly , it can add up to 11 .
As the globalizing world discovers a twenty-first-century India full of high-tech computer geeks , efficient businessmen , colorful fashions , and glitzy entertainment -- a far cry from the old stock images of fakirs on beds of nails , maharajahs on elephants , and mendicants with begging bowls -- it is also finding an India obsessed with what most regard as a nineteenth-century sport .
An international match can fill 100,000-seat stadiums , while attracting TV audiences of 350 million .
In April and May , the new Indian Premier League revolutionized the sport . By bringing the world 's top players to India at unprecedented salaries -LRB- one Australian player was auctioned to his new team for $ 1.4 million , more than most cricketers previously earned in a lifetime -RRB- , and by spicing up the game through such innovations as American cheerleaders , the IPL is transforming the sport .
Everything about cricket seems ideally suited to the Indian national character : its rich complexity , the endless possibilities and variations that can occur with each delivery , the dozen different ways of getting out -- all are reminiscent of a society of infinite forms and varieties .
A country where a majority of the population still consults astrologers can well appreciate a sport in which an ill-timed cloudburst , a badly prepared pitch , a lost toss , or the sun in the eyes of a fielder can transform a game 's outcome .
Melancholia , a depressive subtype with more biological abnormalities , should be another candidate for treatment studies , yet few have been undertaken .
Failed studies - meaning studies that do not demonstrate significant differences between an active drug and a placebo - are common .
That is true even when we know that only two-thirds of patients respond to a drug , and that significantly fewer get completely well .
Another major area of ignorance concerns the extent to which results generated in specialized mental health settings can be transferred to primary care , where the majority of patients with depression are treated .
But that blessing can also be a curse -- and not just for oil-rich countries , with their distorted economies and politics .
Latin American countries in the Amazon region , for example , are home to what can rightly be considered the world 's storehouse of biodiversity .
The need to supply fuel and open land during rapid economic development had a devastating effect on European and American forests .
TOKYO -- The American economist Herbert Stein once said that if something can not continue forever , it will not .
But this understates the size of the deficit , because the lion 's share of China 's processed exports to Hong Kong are trans-shipped to advanced economies -LRB- which means that Europe 's bilateral deficit is significantly higher as well -RRB- .
The bulk of the shortfall is due to less intensive use of labor : employment rates for women and for the oldest and youngest age groups are lower in the euro area than in the US , working hours are far fewer , and , least significantly , unemployment rates are higher .
Much can be learned from each country 's experience and from that of smaller EU member states , but labor market reforms inevitably have a strong national flavor .
Yes , the Americans want Mubarak to leave -- and quickly .
But the anchor of US policy in the Middle East is the Egyptian-Israeli peace treaty , negotiated by Sadat in 1979 , maintained by Mubarak , and well liked by Egypt 's military high command , which controls the strongest Arab army , is US-trained , and has been supplied with top-shelf American weaponry .
A popular government in which the Islamist Muslim Brotherhood is represented would worry the Americans and the Egyptian military , owing to the prospect that it would repudiate the peace treaty with Israel and jeopardize relations with the US .
An individual firm can cut wages without undermining demand for whatever good or service it produces .
Some countries -- Scandinavia and the Netherlands , for example -- do well . But the picture elsewhere is patchy at best .
Only mutualization of debt issuance can generate the low -LRB- risk-free -RRB- interest rate needed to enable these countries to put their public finances on a sound footing and lay the basis for a return to economic growth .
`` The least we can do to face this danger is to let our enemies know that we can defend ourselves . ''
In 1988 , Ali Akbar Hashemi-Rafsanjani -- the supposed `` moderate '' candidate in Iran 's recent presidential election -- spelled out what that meant in an address to the Revolutionary Guards Corps .
For the pre-Big Bang EU-15 , enlargement significantly contributed to their growth through investment opportunities and increased foreign demand : 7.5 % of the older member states ' exports went to the newcomers in 2007 , up from 4.7 % in 1999 .
Today , EU membership is a more powerful incentive than ever for what the EU calls three `` candidate countries '' -LRB- Croatia , FYR Macedonia , and Turkey -RRB- and five `` potential candidate countries '' -LRB- Albania , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Kosovo under UN Security Council Resolution 1244 , Montenegro , and Serbia -RRB- .
On the contrary , it should finalize further enlargement : the economic crisis has clearly demonstrated that the EU can not afford black holes on the map of Europe .
Today 's crisis offers an opportunity to show that the EU can provide stability , support , and solidarity .
We intend to take a two-pronged approach : significantly increase our local-currency lending and explore new avenues within the framework of the Vienna Initiative to tackle the crisis and prevent its recurrence .
Yet effective chronic disease surveillance can save lives .
If disease trends are monitored , along with patients ' responses to treatment and the population 's exposure to risk factors , the success or failure of policies designed to prevent or control chronic diseases can be evaluated , resource allocation can be rationally prioritized , and the public can be kept fully informed of the risks that they face .
If it can be convincingly shown that a group has been the victim of a past injustice , the group in question obtains a bottomless line of moral credit .
Indeed , no moral benefit can be derived from evoking the past if we fail to realize our group 's shortcomings or errors .
John Dower , an American historian and specialist of modern Japan , studied the issue at length .
He demonstrated how history can be presented and valued in totally different ways : from an American or Japanese point of view , even though no one is making up facts or falsifying sources .
For the Americans , there was `` a heroic or triumphant account in which atomic bombs represent the final blow against an aggressive , fanatic , and savage enemy . ''
However , due to the pressure of various US patriotic groups , the exhibition was canceled , because it was seen as an offense against memory .
By failing to depict the Americans in the role of heroic benefactors , it suggested that they were responsible for a massacre that could not be totally justified .
Dower 's research into the different ways Americans and Japanese remember Hiroshima provides us with a good example .
The title he gave to his version of the facts , after trying out `` Hiroshima as a victimization '' -LRB- the Japanese point of view -RRB- and `` Hiroshima as a triumph '' -LRB- the American point of view -RRB- , was `` Hiroshima as a tragedy . ''
However , even `` just '' wars provoke tragedies that can not be dismissed lightly under the pretense that it was the enemy that suffered them .
Indeed , it was the display of the box among the artifacts that the Hiroshima museum lent to the American institution that made the exhibition unacceptable to the former `` heroes . ''
Immigrants can establish themselves in new societies , and in democratic states they can live completely free of supervision .
Prime Minister Tony Blair can loudly proclaim that the London bombings of July last year are unrelated to Britain 's participation in the Iraq war , but the terrorists themselves , once arrested , said exactly the opposite .
Indeed , here is how one of the Madrid bombers described the psychological preparation to which he had been submitted : his leader `` made us watch DVDs showing pictures of war in Iraq , mostly pictures of women and children killed by American and British soldiers . ''
Politics is necessary for the simple reason that occupying armies and police can not force hundreds of millions of Muslims to shed their hostility .
The West can and must prevail in this fight and in the defense of the values that it cherishes .
As far back as you can go in the history of a country like France , you will find meetings between different tribes and ethnic groups , and thus different cultures : Gallics , Franks , Romans , and many others .
Politics and culture do n't work on the same level : the former governs action , the latter influences mentalities ; the former deals with emergencies , the latter can require generations to produce any result .
But the `` war on terrorism '' in Latin America has also fallen to the Colombians , with a US rear guard backing up the Colombian state in order to avoid American casualties on a new front , and an overextension of US military commitments .
So , after five years , the Colombia Plan , a part of two simultaneous global wars -- against drugs and terrorism -- has produced only uncertain and scanty results .
But can Bolivia move away from becoming a quasi-failed state ?
But , while the relative power of Bolivia 's diverse regions is increasing , none can survive alone or veto the actions of highly mobilized zones of the country .
Ethnic and social groups , activated by an intense , politicized agenda , may think in zero-sum terms , but they can not advance their interests without positive-sum compromises .
More democracy and material welfare probably can co-exist with realistic local autonomy , whereas partition , it should be remembered , does not always breed political pluralism , social cohesion , and economic well-being .
The End of the Monroe Doctrine The Monroe Doctrine -- which in 1823 proclaimed all of Latin America to be a zone of exclusive American interest -- is withering away .
All of Latin America and the Caribbean are demanding an end to the US embargo of Cuba and are enthusiastic about that country 's return to the Organization of American States .
Unsurprisingly , it has served only to generate fear and mounting anti-Americanism , accelerating a Brazilian proposal to create a South American Defense Board without US participation .
The first step must be recognition that the Monroe Doctrine is dead and can not be revived .
Accepting this will be the most encouraging sign that President Barack Obama 's new administration can give to the region .
Both events crystallized a peculiar Latin American phenomenon : the temptation to empower a new , local Caesar .
For most of the nineteenth century and well into the Cold War era , re-election of a sitting president was generally prohibited in the great majority of Latin American countries , owing to a general fear of leaders remaining permanently in power , abetted by the prevalence of electoral fraud .
In the Dominican Republic , Leonel Fernández -LRB- 1996-2000 , 2004-2008 , 2008-2012 -RRB- began serving his third four-year term in office in 2008 , and the party in power has not ruled out the possibility of modifying the Carta Magna to allow him yet another term .
In a way , this reveals a paradox of Latin American democracy : exclusive , minority governments that devalue and weaken the state are no longer acceptable , while the rise of personalismo -- a concentration of power and coupled with refractory political tactics -- are bringing about fragmentation and unruly governance .
In others , they concern armed factions -LRB- Colombia and Venezuela , Colombia and Ecuador -RRB- , the environment -LRB- Argentina and Uruguay , Colombia and Ecuador -RRB- , migration -LRB- Mexico and Guatemala -RRB- , human rights -LRB- Haiti and the Dominican Republic -RRB- , and energy -LRB- Brazil and Bolivia , Brazil and Paraguay , Argentina and Chile -RRB- .
Ominous examples of the rising importance of the military in Latin American political affairs include the reinforcement of Plan Colombia and implementation of the Merida Initiative in Mexico and Central America , the reestablishment of the American Navy 's IV Fleet -LRB- deactivated in 1950 -RRB- , and the growing importance of the Southern Military Command in US foreign policy in the region .
There have been significant increases in defense budgets and weapons purchases , particularly in Brazil , Colombia , Chile , and Venezuela .
Indeed , it is now clear that one of the main regional challenges is to preserve civilian control of the military , which will require that Latin American elites avoid the temptation to strengthen disproportionately the armed forces ' place in their countries ' domestic and international politics .
The alliance between presidential candidate Antanas Mockus and vice-presidential candidate Sergio Fajardo offers the possibility of a real break , because neither man comes from the currently weakened traditional liberal-conservative political milieu .
Neither is backed by urban political machines or shady armed organizations in rural areas , but by independent groups , non-ideologically inclined citizens , and new voters keen to cast their ballots for unconventional candidates .
Indeed , this yearning for change is why Mockus , the son of Lithuanian immigrants , may reach the presidency in a country that experienced only a scant influx of foreigners in the twentieth century .
Moreover , the shadow over the election campaign does not come from the FARC , but from the right -- the Uribist candidate Santos and the conservative Noemí Sanin .
Conversely , legislative elections in March gave the Mockus-Fajardo ticket only minimal representation in the two chambers of Congress , implying that any government that they form would need all the legislative allies that it can find in order to enact its agenda .
Cases associated with domestic violence are treated leniently by courts ; in some countries , jealousy or the absence of previous convictions can reduce the punishment .
Those committed by strangers , often with intense cruelty -- and often linked to organized-crime groups such as the Central American maras -- rarely end up in court at all .
And , in Central American countries , women are murdered by criminal groups as a kind of threat or message to their husbands or partners .
In Guatemala , the rate is 9.8 per 100,000 women , and in Mexican states such as Chihuahua , Baja California , and Guerrero , the rate has almost tripled from 2005 to 2009 , to 11.1 per 100,000 .
Indeed , while `` silver bullets '' that can cure our most feared diseases have not been found , progress in the area of gene-drug interactions , known as pharmacogenomics , has been extraordinary .
The whole human genome has approximately six billion bases , but a window into its composition can be probed using approximately one million bases -LRB- 0.01 % of the genome -RRB- via a gene chip .
The main side-effect of statins , which lower cholesterol in the blood , is severe muscle inflammation , and it can now be predicted with a simple genotype test , as can the response to Plavix , the second most commonly prescribed drug after statins .
In many such patients , doubling the dose of Plavix , and checking the platelet function with a point-of-care test to assure suppression , can override the lack of response .
There are alternative drugs , such as prasugrel or ticagrelor , which can be used instead of Plavix to bypass the problem .
For warfarin , a widely prescribed drug used to prevent blood clots , genotyping can guide the right dose and hasten the time it takes to get to steady state .
Genotyping can also predict severe liver toxicity for drugs such as flucloxacillin or lumiricoxib .
Genotyping can now be accomplished in 20 minutes , and over time will get even faster .
To fill a prescription for a drug with a known pharmacogenomic profile , a customer can get rapid genotyping to determine appropriate dose , drug , or predilection for serious side-effects .
PBMs and consumer genomic companies can be a positive force by facilitating or advancing the use of such data .
The ultimate goal of pharmacogenomics is to provide the right drug , at the right dose , for the right individual , without any significant side-effects .
Across Africa , political leaders , long dismissive of rural concerns , have awakened to the importance of agriculture and the role that educated people , even those living in major cities , can play in farming .
Perhaps the most visible political support for absentee agriculture is in Liberia , a small West African country where civil war destroyed agriculture , rendering the population dependent on food imports , even today .
In fact , some city dwellers do n't even bother with acquiring land or gaining distant help . Certain crops can be grown in their own homes .
In more prosperous countries , African elites are motivated by a complex interplay of national pride , dietary concerns , and the pursuit of profit .
Last year , Unilever 's Kenyan branch ran a `` taste our culture '' campaign in support of its line of traditional East African herbs and spices .
The World Cup and African Women
NAIROBI -- When I was born , 25 years ago , it would have been rare -- even taboo -- to find African women discussing soccer .
Initially , I supported France , because I like Chelsea 's Nicolas Anelka , though as an African woman I also could not resist the dream of chanting with joy those times when an African team won .
That we , young African women , are talking more about the sport is a sign of hope for women 's soccer on the continent .
But will the 2010 World Cup bring African women more than just fodder for gossip ?
Her success clearly shows that African women football players can reach great heights .
But for most African young women and girls , it 's not that simple .
Most African wives dread the season .
Given male dominance in African politics and soccer , any chance to improve the state of the sport that might arise from the 2010 World Cup will most likely benefit men .
That is because in most African countries , even men 's national teams are struggling .
Until brought to a level where they can compete in international tournaments beyond Africa , women 's soccer teams will continue to struggle .
American women improved their game because soccer moms do not heavily rely on husbands to fund their daughters ' training .
As more African women continue to be educated , I dream of the day when we , too , will be able to decide for ourselves .
Our boys may not win in South Africa , but maybe The Grannies can show how it is done .
By shunning violence , Kenyans demonstrated emphatically that we can settle our disputes peacefully .
During rush hour in Nairobi , it is nearly impossible for disabled people to get to the city center to work in their tiny businesses , which normally involve selling sweets and polishing shoes near the sidewalks , by public transportation . Those disabled people who do not leave the city early are forced to wait until after dusk , when they can get a seat on a bus .
We can no longer sit back and point fingers at those in government , while at the same time circumventing the law by paying bribes .
The Forgotten Half of the African Sky
Yet , when it comes to efforts to avert such crises , African women often get left out .
Consider the African Union 's current efforts to find a solution to the post-election political impasse in Côte d'Ivoire .
Of the five African leaders picked at the AU summit in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , to coordinate negotiations , not one was a woman .
What is even more insulting to African women is that the AU bypassed them to pick men whose commitment to democracy and human rights may be worse than that of Laurent Gbagbo , the man clinging to the Ivorian presidency despite losing the election .
Of the five men appointed to lead the mission to persuade Gbagbo to step down , only two - Jakaya Kikwete of Tanzania and South Africa 's Jacob Zuma - can claim to have come to power democratically .
Even Nigeria 's Goodluck Jonathan , who heads the Economic Community of West African States -LRB- ECOWAS -RRB- and supports military intervention against Gbagbo , can not escape such scrutiny unscathed .
As long as Africa is full of such dubious men , applying `` African solutions to African problems , '' as they like to say , will do the continent no good .
I know that many would argue that the pool of well-known African women is limited to Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , Nobel Peace Laureate Wangari Maathai , Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala , the former Nigerian minister of finance and current World Bank vice president , Graça Machel , the former First Lady of Mozambique and South Africa , and a few others .
Sometimes what Africa needs is more common sense and people who - unlike African 's powerful `` Big Men '' - are willing to set aside their pride and ask simple questions that others do n't want to face .
Had women been in charge of the AU , they would have known that the machismo of African men does n't allow them to be shaken by threats of violent confrontation .
Wangari Maathai might have told Gbagbo about former African leaders like Daniel arap Moi of Kenya , who , despite a bad human rights records while in office , was forgiven because he chose to respect the will of the people .
It noted that `` borrowers at risk of significant mortgage payment increases remained a small minority , concentrated mostly among higher-income households that were aware of the attendant risks , '' and concluded that `` indications are that credit and risk allocation mechanisms in the U.S. housing market have remained relatively efficient . ''
In any event , if its staff 's criticism ever becomes too candid , these countries can always use their leverage to water down the public communiqués issued by the IMF 's board .
The Fund can help to prevent future crisis of this kind , but only if it first prevents undue influence on its capacity to scrutinize , and if necessary criticize , influential countries ' policies and regulations .
This requires a different governance structure in which power is more evenly distributed , so that the IMF can effectively exercise surveillance where it should , not just where it can .
It 's wonderful what technology can offer for the wealthy .
But there is no such luck for millions of Africans who face disruption to the rainfall on which their crops , livestock , and families depend .
For them , climate change can be expected to bring more erratic and uncertain storms , with no guarantee of water in the well , bucket , and field .
How can it be right that those least responsible for global warming will be the worst hit and the least able to affect the global deal that we need ?
On the other hand , too much rainfall can be as bad as too little , especially when it comes out of season .
Are we happy to live in a world where the rich can rely on ever more clever technical tricks , while we ignore the right of poor countries and communities to the basic requirements of survival ?
This is not a responsibility we can shirk .
The one thing you can not do is fail to decide .
Russia , it is widely believed , can rely on domestic capital .
Unlike Yeltsin , however , Putin wo n't give up and expects that he can take advantage of the fact that America will be too busy fighting terrorism and WMD proliferation , rearranging the Middle East , and containing China to object too strongly .
This revival of the past was a big worry for West Europeans and Americans , who feared the re-emergence of historical enmities and tensions , which did indeed come to the fore in the former Yugoslavia .
This can only be produced by successful and sustained capitalist development .
The political gap can be narrowed only by indigenous capitalist development .
Putin can sit on their support , but can not ride forward with it .
There can be no better foundation for modernization than WTO membership .
He probably sees that only mutual economic interest can do the trick .
If all parties concerned join voluntarily , and proceed in a step-by-step manner , as with the EU or the North American Free Trade Agreement , Eurasian integration will benefit all of those involved .
Barack Obama , appealing to swelling protectionist sentiment among Americans , threatened during his presidential campaign to rewrite the North American Free Trade Agreement unilaterally .
If a government can step in to bail out failing banks , why not to protect its failing businesses or farmers as well ?
Naturally , everything can change in the future , including Russia 's constitutional norms .
There were many more candidates in 1997 , three years before the 2000 presidential election , a veritable parade of names representing different sections of the nomenklatura and political spectrum : Chernomyrdin , Yavlinskiy , Lebed , Luzhkov , Nemtsov , Zhirinovskiy .
None of these former candidates remains a serious political contender , although some are still quite young .
Nor is a presidential candidate likely to be found among the regional governors , or among the leaders of the `` old '' or `` new '' parties .
Russian voters tend to vote according to three main sentiments : anti-liberal , anti-oligarchic , and anti-Western -LRB- more precisely , anti-American -RRB- .
It is increasingly likely that Saakashvili 's policy is aimed at instigating bloodshed in South Ossetia or Abkhazia and putting all the blame on Russia - a strategy that appears designed to bring the Americans to the region eventually .
If the next presidential election in Russia were held this year , and if no decision were made to banish him from Russians ' TV screens , there can be little doubt that Dmitriy Rogozin would win .
It can be dangerous to start one 's electoral campaign before other candidates , but sometimes , if one starts much earlier than everyone else , serious rivals never appear .
This means that government can no longer afford to view issues in isolation ; its operations need to be de-compartmentalized and flattened , as well as streamlined .
`` How can we be expected to build the socialist economy , '' asked a Ukrainian peasant , `` when we are all doomed to hunger ? '' We now know , after 20 years of discussion of Soviet documents , that in 1932 Stalin knowingly transformed the collectivization famine in Ukraine into a deliberate campaign of politically motivated starvation .
In light of all the evidence , I can not accept the Presidential election results in which Robert Mugabe , the sitting president , was declared a winner this month with 56 % of the 3 million votes tallied .
By investing in American and European assets , Russia 's government and business elites are buying a stake in the global economy .
Yet , even this package has not significantly eaten into Russia 's sovereign wealth funds and its world 's third largest currency reserves .
While one can argue that one-off devaluation was risky -- as it could have triggered a panic -- gradual depreciation should have started earlier than it did .
It has not , despite its still awesome foreign reserves , which give it the wherewithal to buy out a significant portion of the economy at fire-sale prices .
The crisis energized the system and shifted decision-making power to those who know about and can do something for the economy .
So the central question that Russia confronts is whether even competent economic policy can prevent economic and political collapse .
The holiday received its current name in 2006 , and , according to a recent survey by the Russian pollster FOM , 59 % of Russians consider it to be special or significant -LRB- 32 % do not -RRB- .
The probability of being drafted is significantly lower for residents of cities with populations of more than 100,000 people .
Moreover , having a son in the military is a significant blow to a family 's income -- about 15 % according to Lokshin and Yemtsov .
This may seem little more than an annoyance , but it has a key implication : when there is no regular schedule for board meetings , many independent directors -LRB- especially foreigners -RRB- often can not attend .
If the board chairman is not a government official and can commit to an annual schedule , highly skilled independent directors from around the world could be attracted .
We will know soon -LRB- certainly before July 1 -RRB- whether Russia 's president can implement even a part of his agenda -- and whether he is willing and able to build his own power base in the process .
In this respect , the accession countries can be divided into two broad groups . On one side are small countries - for example , the Baltic states - which use devices such as currency boards to peg their exchange rates to the euro .
These countries have proven that they can live without their own monetary policies without severe tensions .
If the EU focuses on infusing its goods and services with Europe 's guiding ideas and values , its economy will reap significant rewards .
Left to the blogs and tweets , without journalists to report the news , how can citizens decide what politics to support ?
The liberal-democratic political system that resulted from the American Revolution was well aligned with the emerging information technology of the time .
No newspaper or broadcast news program can hope to report on what every Facebook group is up to .
The alternative is to focus on what communication technology can not do : create rather than transmit a good story or a good policy .
Similarly , regulation and enforcement to prevent market abuse was justifiable , because rational agents can also be greedy , corrupt , or even criminal .
Market efficiency and market completion theories can help reassure major financial institutions ' top executives that they must in some subtle way be doing God 's work , even when it looks at first sight as if some of their trading is simply speculation .
The nuclear power crisis at Japan 's Fukushima power plant has served as a dreadful reminder that events thought unlikely can and do happen .
Furthermore , these and other countries ' modernization activities can not be reconciled with their professed support for a world free of nuclear weapons .
The only obstacle we face in abolishing nuclear weapons is a lack of political will , which can -- and must -- be overcome .
It is true that nuclear weapons can not be uninvented , but that does not mean that nuclear disarmament is an impossible dream .
In addition , we call on the African Union , with the support of the United Nations , to send an investigative mission to Zimbabwe to determine what additional measures may be required to carry out the internationally accepted `` responsibility to protect . ''
The Constitutive Act of the African Union provides in Article 4 the `` right of the Union to intervene in a Member State pursuant to a decision of the Assembly in respect of grave circumstances , namely : war crimes , genocide , and crimes against humanity -LRB- as well as a serious threat to legitimate order -RRB- . ''
In the case of Zimbabwe , for example , it is possible that sending in unarmed observers from other African countries would be sufficient .
Earlier this year , the African Union , through the good work of former UN Secretary General Kofi Annan , averted a calamity in Kenya after a disputed election led to widespread violence .
Once again , the African Union , with the support of the UN , should provide the leadership that would demonstrate that Africa has the capacity and the will to resolve a great crisis in a manner that mitigates the suffering of African people .
We must begin to understand that no one can help Ukraine save we Ukrainians .
Such candidates organize concerts and throw money , medicines , food , cloths , computers , and other goodies around .
My experience as chairwoman of the Verkhovna Rada Budget Committee and as deputy prime minister in the Yushchenko Cabinet proves that criminal elements here can be brought to heel if the fight against corruption is pursued with vigor and brains ; and that Ukraine can become more powerful and prosperous .
Because the grind of government can obscure enduring principle , people inspired by the best motives now find themselves on the same side as their criminal adversaries .
They have , I believe , lost their way and taken a path that can only lead back to the supremacy of arbitrary power .
If , as we were taught by Marx , belief in a higher law is a mixture of sentimentality , superstition , and unconscious rationalizations , then the predations that incited the Orange Revolution are in reality the only possible conditions in which we can live .
No human obstruction can long withstand it .
Though we may take a step back now and then , as we have recently , only by adhering to this higher law can Ukraine achieve freedom and prosperity for all .
The settlement between Ukraine and Russia 's state-owned gas monopoly , Gazprom , is intolerable because Ukraine 's energy future has been placed in the hands of RosUkrEnergo , a criminal canker on the body of our state gas corporation .
Only by clearly articulating and defending Ukraine 's national interests can today 's dispute over gas supplies establish our role in a transformed Europe .
Many of its candidates seek office not to work for Ukraine 's betterment , but to gain parliamentary immunity from prosecution .
But no one can question that we brought more honest government , and the beginnings of a more open economy , to Ukraine .
Only by restoring our partnership can we hope to keep our Orange Revolution 's promises .
Only a second victory over Yanukovich can secure a future of freedom and hope for Ukraine 's people .
Encouraging economic and political reform are important objectives , but they can never serve as a substitute for a serious effort to contain Russia 's deep-seated expansionism .
This domestic shortage means that Gazprom is unable to increase supply to Europe , at least in the short term , unless it can buy gas at below-market rates from its Eastern European and Central Asian neighbors and in turn sell it to its European customers at market prices .
Europe can help by insisting that Russia participate in the European Energy Charter , which calls for Gazprom to grant its production competitors access to Russian pipelines , and for all disputes to be settled by international arbitration .
Last month , it added five companies -LRB- four in China , and another in the US but representing a Chinese outfit -RRB- to its list of those fingered for assisting Iran 's weapons program and thus banned from doing business with American companies .
A decade ago , the world had a foretaste of what can happen when ethnic divisions are exploited for sinister political purposes .
So it would be wrong to say that the democratic center can not hold in Ukraine .
After all , the European Union is first and foremost a community of democracies : if Ukraine can aspire to membership , any oligarch or criminal politician who undermines that prospect will have to face the ire of all Ukrainians .
The second time that France consolidated Europe 's internal architecture came in 1983 , during the debates over the stationing of American cruise and Pershing missiles in Germany to counter the deployment of SS20 missiles by the Soviet Union .
Only by securing the European identity of this entire region , and by anchoring the growing Russo-German relationship in a European context , can the European Union continue on its path of stability and prosperity .
Only by reinforcing open trading and financial relations across Europe can we hope to subdue today 's crisis .
To believe that such a vision can work for Russia , Ukraine , and Europe is not wishful thinking , but rests on the successful experience of France and Germany in promoting amity .
For Ukraine , Europe can help by embracing the free-trade agreement that we are now negotiating .
Europe can also consider using various stabilization funds to help our economy through the crisis that we are all enduring .
Corruption and incompetence have forged a state in which tens of millions of lives lay broken and hopeless ; where vast swathes of the economy are in ruin ; where internal and external debts multiply into many billions of dollars ; and where an inept army of corrupt bureaucrats presides over a government that can not meet the most elementary needs of Ukraine 's people .
Indeed , the heads of opposition or investigative journalists can literally be cut off , as happened in the case Georgi Gongadze , whose fate was prefigured in taped recordings on which President Kuchma is heard calling for Gongadze 's elimination .
But as Prague 's `` Velvet Revolution '' of 1989 demonstrated , as a last resort peaceful protests can galvanize a nation into ridding itself of a corrupt , undemocratic regime .
Ukraine 's current autumn of discontent can end , as Shakespeare suggested , in a glorious summer , for our protests seek to change our government by legitimate democratic means , to restore normal life , and to revitalize democracy and economic development in Ukraine .
Indeed , as my country , Ukraine , is now demonstrating , after revolutionary euphoria fades and normality returns , democratic revolutions can be betrayed and reversed .
But elections alone can not solve the fundamental political problems confronting Egypt and Tunisia .
In particular , they can not create a liberal order and open society .
Democratic consent can truly be given only when voters know what they are consenting to .
But , even then , it can never be justified fully , and the nameless , nagging guilt of which Primo Levi wrote so movingly invariably follows .
Anger can actually be artistically and politically creative .
Indeed , when a president volunteers to reduce the powers of his own office , you can be certain that he is up to no good .
But his term ends next year and he can not run again .
Constitutions can , and should , accommodate reform when necessary .
So Kuchma knows that he can not rely on handpicking his successor , as Yeltsin did in Russia .
But an imperial Russia can not be a democratic Russia . So Kuchma endangers freedom and human rights not only in Ukraine , but ultimately threatens Russia 's democracy as well .
Although the job of maintaining Ukraine 's democracy is primarily one for Ukrainians , the EU can help if it takes practical steps to reassure Ukrainians that they wo n't be cut off from the rest of Europe .
It can not be the case that America 's fidelity to democracy in Ukraine can be so cynically purchased .
Less certain is whether he will feel secure enough to hold a presidential election -LRB- or any other kind of election -RRB- if he can not change the constitution in a way that guarantees his continued misrule .
Economic borders can not and will not disappear until Russia and Ukraine agree on their territorial borders .
It is a deal that can only have been agreed to as the price of Russian support for Ukraine 's President Leonid Kuchma as he desperately seeks to extend his presidency beyond the two-term limit that he faces this year .
I am not one of those people who think Russia is so naturally collectivist that free trade and an open economy can not work there .
But I do believe that , for these canards to be discarded , Russia and Ukraine must open themselves to global competition , not isolate themselves with each other .
Dmitri Likhachev , one of Russia 's most respected intellectuals in the communist era , said that there is no such thing as the Russian soul ; `` we can create whatever future we want . ''
Ukraine and Russia , too , can create the future they want , but not by closing themselves off in a `` united economic space '' that , in reality , is nothing more than another dark corner .
But it does not view Ukraine as a candidate for EU membership , at least not in the foreseeable future .
This will diminish Russia 's chances of ever becoming a full democracy , for it can rule an empire only as a militarized state .
The old axioms are true : firmness can pay ; resolution can see you through .
Such a volatile ruling elite can not be counted on to be consistent from now on .
We recognize that an unstable government can swing back to uncompromising intransigence .
Ukrainians have endured the worst that man can do to his fellow man : Stalin 's orchestrated famines of the 1930 's and the Nazi slaughterhouse of World War II .
Nothing can ever diminish what was at stake -- and the victory that has been won -- on the streets of Kyiv .
Self-confidence among the governed and caution among the rulers : these are the psychological springs of democracy and true freedom , and they can never again be diverted in our homeland .
Producing these animal products requires significantly more agricultural resources than a predominantly plant-based diet .
Biofuels policies in the US and the European Union have led to the creation of biofuels industries with significant output capacity -- mainly ethanol in the US and biodiesel in the EU .
In fact , to the extent that developing countries permit higher prices to go to their farmers , the result could be a significant stimulus to economic growth in rural regions of developing countries -- where most of the world 's poor live .
This policy can stymie rural development and diminish poverty alleviation .
One can imagine two scenarios for the dollar over the next five years .
Although the bigger EU countries have embarked on a policy to protect their industries as long as the crisis continues , they will doubtless be unsuccessful , because no country can ultimately halt structural adjustment by offering subsidies .
A significant cause of the current crisis was the imbalances in international trade and capital flows that built up over many years , without anybody taking responsibility for the consequences .
Only when Europe has a dynamic internal market can balanced European growth occur .
And achieving that goal is more important than ever , because it will be some time before the US can re-assume the role of locomotive for the world economy .
Furthermore , they are prone to frequent drought , which reduces their output significantly , leaving many as little more than decorative infrastructure landmarks .
Against this picture then , it is hard not to expect developing countries to exploit their abundant coal resources to generate power for their own development , especially given that modern technology can help produce coal cleanly .
Unlike prices for coal , which is abundant and dispersed geographically , gas prices are subject to significant volatility , and the long-term trend in the face of fossil fuel depletion is uncertain .
There is significant potential domestic demand for coal briquettes to replace wood for cooking and domestic and industrial heating .
The demand outlook thus appears favorable for the coal industry , creating significant investment opportunities .
Failure to do so would be a missed opportunity at a time when African countries must avail themselves of all available resources for poverty reduction .
Moreover , Turkey 's shrinking pre-occupation with its territorial integrity has significantly diminished the West 's leverage .
Turkey insists that such decisions can not be taken unilaterally , and that a NATO-wide consensus is necessary to change this critical element of the alliance 's nuclear deterrence .
On the contrary , it is one that others can emulate .
Obviously , such a policy requires significant investment in research and development .
As with corporate monopolies , the consumers -LRB- students -RRB- are often seen as a homogeneous mass , where all students can be educated according to the same pedagogical approach .
Anyone -- parents , teachers , or even companies -- can apply for a license to operate a school .
The amount of financing per student is the same , and schools that receive vouchers can not charge additional fees .
The voucher system means that all students , irrespective of family income , can attend the school of their choice .
Amphetamine drugs produced in eastern Burma seem to be transported with such ease that significant quantities have been found in northeast India , on Burma 's western border .
Only then can they be assured access to the resources essential for treatment options .
The alternative scenario can be called Blueprints , which resembles a cautious ride , with some false starts , on a road that is still under construction .
Companies can suggest possible routes to get there , but governments are in the driver 's seat .
As this UK-sponsored resolution was meant to bring the Iraq issue back to the Security Council after the withdrawal of the UN weapons inspectors and subsequent American air strikes of December 1998 , hope for progress on Iraq within the Security Council was scant .
Everyone understands that the Iraqi government 's improved attitude is caused by the Bush administration 's sabre-rattling , but no one can tell whether this is a prelude to an inevitable war or a stratagem to make Iraq cooperate with UN weapons inspectors .
Obviously , the US can not remove this uncertainty without robbing the sabre-rattling of its beneficial effect .
Europe can constructively participate in such discussion provided it first clears the way by :
That indignation seems strongest among those who have not even bothered to read the American arguments .
This is not a pleasant way of putting it , but many Americans remember how on two occasions in the former Yugoslavia - a pre-eminently European theater - Europe was helpless until American warplanes showed up ;
So it may well be wiser to induce Iraq to readmit the UN weapons inspectors and make sure they can do their job .
Saddam will cooperate with UN inspectors only as long as the American threat remains , and the US may conclude that it can not afford that .
Many Europeans will argue that they can not condone military action without a Security Council mandate .
But they already did , twice . They condoned or even supported American air strikes against Baghdad in December 1998 , and they supported or even participated in NATO 's air strikes against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in March 1999 .
Indeed , none of the current initiatives to boost Latin American regional integration resemble at all the European integration process .
Nor can they be considered the first tentative steps towards such a shared destiny , in the manner of the 1952 European Coal and Steel Community Treaty , which began the project for European unity .
At first glance , the almost constant bombardment of integration proposals in Latin America makes it appear as if the region 's presidents are trying to outdo each other in seeing who can come up with the greatest number of proposals .
All the while , scant attention is paid to the region 's already established bodies , which are in sad shape .
Similar diagnoses are made with respect to the Latin American Economic System -LRB- SELA -RRB- , the Andean Community of Nations -LRB- CAN -RRB- , and other regional organizations .
The proposed Union of South American Nations -LRB- Unasur -RRB- , like the South American Defense Council , is part of a Brazilian regional strategy to encourage cooperation within Latin America in order to counterbalance the power of the United States and act as a mediator in regional disagreements .
-LRB- Furthermore , Mexican President Felipe Calderón 's participation in the Latin American and Caribbean Summit on Integration and Development in Bahia in December 2008 suggests that Mexico has not turned its back on the possibility of coordinating regional positions . -RRB-
The South American Defense Council , however , has stalled .
Finally , Ecuador 's president , Rafael Correa , some time ago proposed an Organization of Latin American States to replace the Organization of American States -LRB- OAS -RRB- .
Although the inclusion of all Latin American states goes some way towards repairing the weakened Brazilian-Mexican axis , and creates a new and more positive environment for future political coordination , this new organization is unlikely to contribute much to actual regional integration .
Unlike in Tunisia , Europeans and Americans should increase the pressure on Egypt 's leaders -- primarily the military at this stage -- to start fulfilling the regime 's promises of political reform .
Bush 's Dying Days in Gaza PARIS -- During a visit to the Middle East , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates warned that enemies of the United States should not use the power vacuum there to try to alter the status quo or to undermine the new American president 's objectives .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Obama will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for he considers it to be a strategic concern .
News reports show that revulsion is spreading through the Arab world , where American and Israeli flags are burned side-by-side .
Obama has vowed to change American policy toward Iran , opening diplomatic channels rather than merely issuing military threats .
An American dialogue with Iran will be a serious blow to the interests of Israeli hardliners , and some of them dream of making it impossible .
Constraining American policy may , therefore , be one of the motivations behind Israel 's incursion into Gaza .
Politicians are often accused of promising what can not be delivered .
With the currency at a level that makes Argentina competitive again , reconstruction can begin .
If there was ever any doubt , events of the last few years should have reinforced the lesson that too much capital chasing short-term yield can distort exchange rates and asset prices , potentially leading to financial catastrophe .
Recipient countries can attempt to throw up barriers , but the tsunami of liquidity threatens to sweep over them .
The dollar depreciation engineered by the US Federal Reserve seems an appealing proposition from the American standpoint , but the economies of Latin America can not and should not bear the burden of dollar realignment .
As a result of the premature decline of the manufacturing sector , unemployment is high in many Latin American countries .
These issues should be put on the table by the G-20 's Latin American members -- Argentina , Brazil , and Mexico .
They can help steer the world toward coordinated recovery and save many emerging economies from becoming innocent casualties in other people 's wars .
Meeting in Calgary last month , the Inter-American Development Bank reported that $ 266 billion entered Latin America 's seven largest economies in 2010 , compared to less than $ 50 billion a year , on average , between 2000 and 2005 .
And while only 37 % of inflows in 2006 were `` hot money '' that can leave at a moment 's notice , last year such inflows accounted for 69 % of the total .
And a flat 2011 performance in some Latin American and Asian equity markets -- following tremendous runs in 2010 -- has taken a bit of sheen off the emerging-market investment fad .
If rich-country central banks can buy long term bonds , then emerging-country central banks can buy dollar-denominated bonds .
All we can look forward to is the next G-20 communiqué .
But informal output is of little use for debt service if it can not be taxed .
This can be accomplished in two ways : sharply cutting the interest rate paid by Greece , or reducing the face value of the debt .
And Spain is doing all it can to avoid the contagion .
It is high time for business leaders to be more candid about where their real constituencies lie , and for national politicians to recognize that they can no longer wield control over the giants of today 's European business .
If the US and other member states join the IDB and take on the responsibility to improve conditions in the Americas , they can not then use their membership to undermine the basic rights of the people they claim to serve simply to advance their own political agenda .
Today 's world , with its rising global powers -LRB- such as India , Brazil , and China -RRB- and rising regional powers -LRB- such as Turkey and Mexico -RRB- , is increasingly post-American .
Third , in a post-American world , those who took the lead on intervention were aware of the need to act multilaterally .
A coalition of the willing that intervenes in an Arab country can not be composed only of European powers and the US . Agreement from the Arab League was vital , as was securing a vote in the United Nations Security Council .
But the lesson of the Libyan intervention is that division can be overcome if the will exists .
Europe is not a monolith , but in many areas it can still act coherently , even without complete agreement .
Given the need for Europe 's leadership and commitment to multilateralism in a post-American world -- now catalyzed by the crises just to its south -- European foreign policy must grow up fast .
A study by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry identified five main sectors that can act as `` engines of growth '' to boost Indo-Africa trade : pharmaceuticals and the health sector , information technology , water management , food processing , and education .
This puts India in direct competition with the West and other Asian countries to secure West African resources .
Many Indian goods have much greater suitability for African than Western markets .
Sales of Tata cars , for instance , are booming in many African countries .
It can be argued that the sophisticated loan packages created by banks in recent years are , likewise , a new and unknown product , so information and experience to aid pricing has been scarce and dispersed .
This explains why the market can look like Keynes 's casino in the short term and like Hayek 's marvel in the long term .
If , on the other hand , we believe that economic actors will respond rationally to incentives and information , then we can usefully reform regulatory frameworks with well-targeted measures , including restrictions on off-balance sheet vehicles , tougher disclosure requirements , and controls on rating agencies ' conflicts of interests .
If large firms can shape the playing field in their favor through their influence on the political process and regulation -- thereby keeping out new entrants in their industries and shifting costs to society -- a whole new perspective on competition policy follows .
The issue is not only that firms that become systemically vital may blackmail society , but also that very large firms can tilt the playing field to further their interests at society 's expense .
Firms can be made to internalize the costs they impose on society with appropriate regulation -LRB- for example , capital requirements with a systemic charge for financial institutions -RRB- , but it is not so obvious what to do with `` excessive '' influence that comes with size .
The crises in the US in the 1980 's -LRB- caused by the savings-and-loan institutions known as `` thrifts '' -RRB- , and in Japan and Scandinavia in the 1990 's , showed that financial liberalization without proper regulation induces instability .
The problem is that regulation is unlikely to eliminate completely market failures : the competition-stability trade-off can be ameliorated , but not eliminated .
If you do n't take bribes , how can you pay off the boss ?
Pay $ 100 bucks and you can drive around with no brakes ! ''
For a price you can get into any college , no matter your credentials .
You can drive drunk , speed , ignore red lights - provided Ben Franklin is there to be given to the police .
Now Russia 's prime minister tells us that democracy is indeed great , but that public protests can not take place in public places , say , around hospitals and the like .
Today 's dissenters are indeed a minority and of course can be disregarded , but only up to a point .
Such people can not be dismissed as useless , since we need the innovation that they deliver , even if we think Russia does n't need democracy .
Our leaders talk obsessively of Russia 's industrial modernization , of their support for innovations such as nanotechnology , so that Russia can catch up with the developed counties .
For immunization of this sort to be successful , it is important to first clarify what can turn someone into a jihadi .
The number of potential terrorist recruits can only be estimated , but it corresponds more or less to the percentage of the population in any Western society that is likely to be involved in violent crime .
Psychiatry 's Conceptual Malpractice NEW YORK -- The American Psychiatric Association 's recent proposed changes to its official diagnostic manual -- the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- `` DSM '' -RRB- , often called the `` bible of psychiatry '' -- may discredit psychiatric diagnosis more than improve it .
A second example : it has been known since antiquity that normal people who recently experienced a significant loss -- especially of a loved one -- can have the same symptoms -LRB- e.g. , sadness , insomnia , fatigue , loss of interest in usual activities , lessened appetite -RRB- as those indicating major depressive disorder .
Anyone with depressive symptoms for just two weeks after suffering a significant loss would be diagnosed with major depressive disorder , massively pathologizing normal intense grief .
A Russian reporter , Andrei Sitov , raised this question when he asserted at a White House press conference that American freedom was complicit in the Arizona shootings : `` As to why -- it does not seem all that incomprehensible , at least from the outside .
And many people outside would also say the ` freedom ' of a deranged mind to react in a violent way is also American . ''
President Barack Obama 's press secretary answered defensively that American values do not endorse violence .
Arizona law allows any interested party to report an individual 's bizarre or threatening behavior to the authorities , who can involuntarily commit the individual for psychiatric evaluation .
One reason is that American educational privacy laws severely restrict the sharing of information , even with parents , let alone with other authorities .
Moreover , the US Constitution prohibits preventive detention : even severely disturbed individuals can not be detained involuntarily unless judged an imminent threat to themselves or others .
Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev , paving the way for the political abuse of psychiatric diagnosis , argued that , `` Of those who might start calling for opposition to Communism ... , we can say that clearly their mental state is not normal . ''
So , what can be done ?
Sitov was correct to the extent that the Arizona shootings were likely facilitated by a uniquely American interaction between legal protection of individual privacy and freedom , lack of strong community bonds and resources , and easy access to handguns .
Americans must acknowledge that educational and medical privacy laws require limited exceptions for notification of family and authorities when clear signs of severe mental illness surface , so that colleges and other institutions can take timely action .
Adequate community mental-health services with educational outreach can induce disturbed youth to get help voluntarily .
While only four ICTY indictees remain at large , two fugitives -- Ratko Mladic and Radovan Karadzic -- are among the most notorious suspects who must face justice before the ICTY 's work can be considered complete .
As a former judge at the ICTY , I can attest to the indispensable role that prosecutors inevitably play . They ensure that key legal and factual issues get raised , that the best evidence is obtained -- often through diplomatic means , but often at risk of life and limb in hostile territory -- that guilty pleas do not dilute the truth , and that sentencing recommendations are commensurate with the crimes ' true dimensions .
The UN has given the ICTY three excellent prosecutors : Richard Goldstone from the South African Constitutional Court , Louise Arbour from the Canadian Supreme Court , and Del Ponte , a formidable prosecutor from Switzerland .
By all rights , her deputy , David Tolbert , an American lawyer with nine years of service at the Tribunal , should step effortlessly into her shoes .
We want to infect you with the dream that anyone can become part of a new movement with the potential to change the world of education . This movement can redefine forever how knowledge is created and used .
But now the puzzle pieces of the Open Education movement have come together , so that anyone , anywhere can write , assemble , customize , and publish their own open course or textbook .
Together , we can all help transform the way the world develops , disseminates , and uses knowledge .
Together , we can help make the dream of Open Education a reality .
Globalization stands accused of generating economic instability in developing countries and greatly exacerbating poverty , at least in the short run -- which is the longest period the world 's poor can afford to care about .
But whatever the reason , these so-called `` remittances '' -- the cash workers send home to countries like Colombia , Haiti , Jamaica , Mexico , and Bangladesh -- act as a safety net that their governments typically need but can not afford to provide .
Such remittances enabled thousands of Jamaicans , for example , to recover from the devastation of Hurricane Gilbert in 1988 , when storm damage was estimated at more than one-quarter of the country 's annual GDP and nearly three households in four reported damage .
Jamaican families got far more help from loved ones living and working in places like Miami , New York , and Los Angeles .
The same was true when Argentina 's economy collapsed last year , when violence wracked Haiti and a hurricane ravaged Honduras before that , and whenever floods submerge villages in Bangladesh .
After Hurricane Gilbert , remittances increased by 25 cents for each dollar of hurricane damage that households incurred .
Or maybe the damage from the hurricane was simply too large for migrants to cover completely .
Damage due to hurricanes is relatively easy to observe and ca n't be blamed on human mistakes .
In contrast , it might be more difficult for a migrant in a distant country to assess the extent to which family members back home , knowing that they can always rely on the remittances , are responsible for other forms of income loss .
Given that family members are the best judge of need , migration and remittances may , in fact , constitute a foreign-aid framework that is better targeted and more effective than any government program can ever be .
While we should n't exaggerate the Internet 's benefits , it can reduce business costs , increase access to information , and create opportunities .
Either way , the result can be an environment hostile to people and businesses wishing to use new technologies .
In addition to capricious laws such as those criminalizing Internet telephony , many poor countries strictly control the number of Internet Service Providers -LRB- ISPs -RRB- that can operate .
If the economy can not maintain high growth rates , mounting unemployment could combine with an accumulation of unresolved political and social issues to create a risk of major social unrest .
Most forecasts suggest that , with a huge effort , China can maintain 8 % growth in 2009 .
The benefits of these models are supposedly so obvious that it seems incomprehensible that ASEAN 's leaders can not see them .
Alliances were established along pro-American or pro-Soviet lines .
Asian disunity can be overcome only if Asia as a whole confronts a common enemy .
It is in this context that we can see why Asian leaders appear two-faced or unreliable in the eyes of Europe and the US .
Asia can not afford to unite against the West .
But Asia equally can not afford to divide itself by ostracizing one of its parts .
British experts from the Malayan emergency tried to help the Americans in Vietnam - obviously without success .
Sri Lanka 's tragedy reminds us how many things can go wrong when old Asian polities seek to establish modern nation states .
Even a visit to a bookstore can shock anyone who first came to know China decades ago , when it seemed inconceivable that works by non-Marxist theorists would ever outnumber those by Marxists .
As political scientist Kevin O'Brien has argued , China 's increased readiness to compromise with some domestic protesters , rather than treat all forms of collective action as subversive , can be seen as reflecting a growing sense of security .
Conversely , some of China 's most disturbing moves can be chalked up to exaggerated feelings of insecurity .
They now base their legitimacy on the notion that the Party , which rose to power as the nation fought foreign domination , is uniquely qualified to keep China from being bullied in a hostile international arena , and that only they can provide the stable environment needed for growth .
When she mentioned the book 's title to American friends , they wondered why she used the modifier `` fragile , '' whereas Chinese friends said calling their country a `` superpower '' was premature .
Shirk 's title still captures a significant phenomenon that bedevils diplomatic affairs .
Outsiders are increasingly convinced that China is a superpower , and that it needs to show that it can be a responsible one . But China 's rulers only sometimes embrace the designation -- and the Party still sometimes behaves as if it had only a tenuous hold on power .
There are undoubtedly `` natural '' barriers , such as language and national mentalities , which can not be overcome swiftly . But there are also big `` man-made '' barriers , particularly those created by different national legislation in the fields of investor and consumer protection .
The question is not one of aligning tax rates , which can and should be determined by competition .
Despite such headaches , significant progress toward a single financial market is being made .
Customers can , for the first time , make all their euro payments as safely , efficiently , and conveniently as they do at home .
The remaining barriers to cross-border mergers and acquisitions also need to be removed so that EU banks can grow big enough to compete globally .
Although direct legal obstacles have been eliminated in Europe , indirect obstacles such as taxation -- which can make a merger unprofitable -- persist .
While public banks can -- and do -- buy private banks , the reverse is blocked by law , which distorts competition .
How , then , can one respect both traditions ?
A similar solution should be found for the European Constitution . Europe can not preach cultural pluralism and practice constitutional imperialism .
Indeed , that is the message that the Franco-American model of constitutional democracy sends to the world .
But is the particular relationship between church and state at the time of the French and American Revolutions the model that Europe wishes to propagate in the rest of the world today ?
In this area , as in many others , Europe can lead by example and offer an alternative to American -LRB- and French -RRB- constitutional separationism . It can be a living illustration that religion is no longer afraid of democracy and that democracy is no longer afraid of religion .
The truest pluralism is embodied by states that can , on the one hand , effectively guarantee both religious freedom and freedom from religion , yet acknowledge without fear-even in their constitutions-the living faith of many of their citizens .
The Peronist Party has not rallied around a single candidate .
Three Peronist candidates -- two former presidents , Carlos Menem and Adolfo Rodríguez Saá , and Néstor Kirchner , governor of the remote southern province of Santa Cruz -- are competing for the post .
But the differences between the candidates are not about ideas and programs , but about the power to hand out money , jobs , and patronage to party hacks .
The second candidate is Adolfo Rodríguez Saá , who proudly announced during his farcical seven-day tenure as provisional president in December 2001 that Argentina would default on its commitments to international creditors .
The disastrous legacy of de la Rúa 's government has , meanwhile , severely handicapped the two other serious presidential candidates , Ricardo López Murphy and Elisa Carrió , as both are former Radicals .
Both US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the British Tories ' leader , David Cameron , have spoken recently of a new synthesis of defense , diplomacy , and development , noting that recent American and British foreign policy has placed too much emphasis on the first element at the expense of the latter two .
Similar plans for Asia and elsewhere remain largely on the drawing board ; but the members of such organizations as the ASEAN Regional Forum , the African Union , and the Shanghai Cooperation Organization at least are talking more and more seriously about harmonizing policies on issues of common interest .
We need only recall the chaotic atmosphere during the recent United Nations climate conference in Copenhagen to fear the kind of disordered and disappointing result that can arise from the desire of everyone to be in the room and to be applauded everywhere at once -- and to have every means of doing so .
Yet nobody can deny that the ways of diplomacy in 2010 are vastly different from -- and arguably superior to -- those in 1910 , with better results all around .
This can be done only by the tried and tested ways of matching advocacy with professionalism , and by nourishing a new generation of international public servants called diplomats .
A favorite candidate for blame is the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan -LRB- IMU -RRB- , a group that has been allied with the Taliban in the past and has been active across Central Asia , including in Afghanistan .
Uzbekistan , which ought to welcome all the help it can get and probably does n't object to greater OSCE involvement in principle , is nonetheless dragging its feet , supposedly because of jealousy over all the attention Kazakhstan is gaining from its chairmanship .
The Strange Rebirth of American Leadership
FLORENCE -- At the recent annual meetings of the American Economic Association , there was widespread pessimism about the future of the United States .
`` The age of American predominance is over , '' declared one economist . `` The US should brace for social unrest amid blame over who was responsible for squandering global primacy , '' said another .
Many Americans -- think of the Tea Party 's adherents , for example -- fear that something similar is happening to their own country .
Americans , however , have generally been averse to class warfare .
But Americans just do n't like to talk about it , even when they are whining about the follies of the `` elite . ''
Nearly all Americans , apart from the richest and poorest , define themselves as `` middle class . ''
Still , it is right to ask if the American way of life will survive the twenty-first century , and , if it does , whether it will survive in America or migrate elsewhere as the US economy and political system collapse under the accumulated weight of decades of myopic national leadership and squandered opportunities .
Optimists , touting GDP and other indicators , will continue to insist that Americans have never had it so good .
The former made a strong case for the necessity of American global hegemony ; the latter warned of `` imperial overstretch . ''
If we look at moments of so-called structural convergence -- the 1880 's , 1920 's , 1950 's and 1960 's , and 1990 's , in particular -- we see the sources of American prosperity and power emerged in a global context , only to recede again .
Why have Americans been so good at leading ?
Are Americans specially blessed , or just lucky ?
Khanna , for example -- presumably drawing upon the recent writing of Edward Luttwak -- urges Americans to learn from the Byzantine Empire in crafting complex and obscure alliances among large and small states and non-state entities , so that diplomacy comes to resemble something like the global derivatives market .
Americans do n't do this particularly well , however Byzantine their country 's own politics and policy-making may seem .
Its checks and balances were meant to frustrate any such mission at the hands of an all-powerful executive , and it is doubtful that Americans would support such activism in perpetuity .
The secrets of American success are transparent yet difficult to quantify .
Americans ' pragmatism , opportunism , fair-mindedness , inventiveness , adaptability , optimism , and , above all , their inherent competitiveness offset their tendencies toward violence , impatience , self-righteousness , and unpredictability , their fondness for novelty and celebrity for their own sake , and their self-assertion en masse -- getting there , as they like to say , `` fastest with the mostest . ''
Those who understand Americans ' deep-rooted passion for `` making it '' know why class or any other civil warfare has not succeeded in destroying America from within .
The American character prefers displacement to destruction , the win-win to the zero-sum .
The Flawed Options in Darfur The long-sought joint peacekeeping force for Darfur , which would combine the existing 7,000-man African Union force with as many as 20,000 additional military personnel and civilian police under UN command , has now been approved .
The preceding phase envisages only providing the existing AU force with extra logistical support from non-African countries , such as engineers from China .
Many African leaders insist that they should retain principal control of any peacekeeping force in Darfur .
But the UN has found it difficult to attract sufficient volunteers for such a force , since foreign governments have acceded to Sudanese demands that the hybrid force remain predominantly African .
He specifically cited continued cooperation in Afghanistan , where Russia is providing logistical support for the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force , as `` a clear indication that common interests can transcend disagreements in other areas . ''
Even so , Russian and Western officials continue to spar over American plans to deploy ballistic missile defense systems in Poland and the Czech Republic .
Medvedev added that Russian electronic equipment would jam the American systems and that the Russian military was preparing additional countermeasures .
NATO and EU leaders denounced the threats , which seemed especially gratuitous coming one day after the American people had elected a new President who has expressed interest in improving relations with Russia .
Although Russian designers can still develop first-class weapons , Russia 's defense companies , which have yet to recover from the traumatic disintegration of the Soviet military-industrial complex , remain unable to manufacture large numbers of the most advanced systems .
Much recent attention has focused on how NATO , Afghan , and Pakistani security forces can collaborate to defeat the insurgency and prevent the country from becoming a terrorist haven again .
China 's close ties to Pakistan could also prove useful in assisting European and American efforts to keep the Pakistani military and intelligence services allied against the Taliban .
In the end , Afghans themselves will need to sustain the economic and security progress that foreign allies can only help to jumpstart .
As far as can be determined , that object detonated on June 30 , 1908 , with the power of a nuclear weapon , felling 80 million trees over a 2,000-square-kilometer area .
This raises the issue of who should pay for such a mission and , more fundamentally , who can authorize it .
Nevertheless , the administration has sought to meet the concerns of those Americans and US allies worried that Obama might pursue a naïve and reckless path toward nuclear disarmament .
American START negotiators argued with their Russian colleagues for months to exclude legally binding language that might constrain missile defenses or the use of non-nuclear warheads on long-range ballistic missiles .
Having this mixture helps ensure that if technological developments render one leg vulnerable , the others can still threaten sufficient retaliation .
American liberals and conservatives , as well as US friends and allies , all favor the principle of enhancing the security of dangerous nuclear materials and reducing the risk of nuclear terrorism , which could plausibly threaten anyone .
US policymakers in particular wanted to take advantage of the ongoing surge in NATO combat forces in Afghanistan -- which reached 150,000 in August , of which some two-thirds were American -- to shake Taliban commanders ' conviction that they were winning the war .
Given the differing views of President Dmitri Medvedev and former President and current Prime Minister Vladimir Putin -- the main candidates in next year 's presidential election -- many Russian bureaucrats prefer to avoid offering bold initiatives regarding BMD or other strategic arms-control issues until they know who the next president will be .
For example , while Western representatives generally view Iran as an emerging threat , many Russians still insist that the Iranian regime remains a proliferation challenge that can be managed through non-BMD means such as diplomacy and limited international sanctions .
They therefore presume that , despite American professions to the contrary , the US seeks BMD capabilities that can negate Russia 's strategic deterrent under the guise of protecting America and its allies from Iran .
· Bi-national and multi-national jointly manned centers where Russian personnel can see the non-threatening nature of US and NATO missile-defense activities ;
· Joint Russian-US expert studies regarding how BMD might affect Russia 's nuclear deterrent and what steps can be taken to minimize any problems ;
· Expanded NATO-Russian theater-level BMD exercises that build on earlier collaboration -- disrupted by Russia 's August 2008 war with Georgia -- and that rehearse how deployed NATO and Russian forces can jointly defend against missile threats ; and
American officials stress that they will not try to negate Russia 's strategic deterrent -- an impossible effort , given the size and sophistication of Russian 's offensive nuclear forces .
But the Obama administration can not sign an agreement stating that it will deliberately constrain America 's ability to protect itself and its allies from foreign missile attacks .
Despite these problems , some of Russia 's BMD-related concerns can be addressed through mutually agreed transparency and confidence-building initiatives .
Such strengthening can only be achieved by a fundamental reform of the UN 's internal structure .
The world can not do without rules ; it can not move forward against our age 's most pressing problems without defined legal rules and the institutions that regulate international law .
Across the board , more global rules are needed so that global efforts to confront poverty , disease , and mass migration can be made consistent , predictable and most of all effective .
We have the Rome Statute of International Criminal Code ; we are heading for an innovative guide to best practice on how civil society organizations can best contribute to the work of the UN ; and we now have a large coalition , far beyond NATO , combatting terrorism .
In most parts of China , farming can no longer sustain a respectable standard of living .
Of course , when a cherished belief is challenged , various counter claims arise - the evidence is for the wrong type of debriefing , the trials were not well done , elements of debriefing could still `` work , '' the testimonies of those who are certain it helped them can not be discounted , and so on .
There can be no doubt that those who are attempting to help people involved in disasters and trauma have noble motives , but that is not enough .
Open societies demand reliable institutions , and these can not be created overnight .
Making that difficult passage from closed to open society was a necessary step for the states of Central and Eastern Europe to become candidate members and - perhaps soon - full members of the EU .
Here is where the constitutional assembly underway in Brussels can and must link enlargement with reform of the Union , for enlargement must also be used to strengthen the transparency and democratic legitimacy of the EU .
But the most important question of EU democracy is this : a nation can vote its government out of office when it is not satisfied , but this is not possible in the EU .
The Commission can not be voted out of office because it was never actually voted into office .
At the very moment when today 's candidate countries strive for EU membership , EU enlargement is feared by those states that are unlikely to join the Union for the foreseeable future .
Although sentiment favoring a secular state is considerable , a coalition that can serve as an alternative or counterweight to the Muslim Brotherhood will be difficult to assemble .
Approximately one-third of the new parliament will comprise `` non-party list '' candidates .
Established networks based on family , local loyalties , and tribal affiliations will be key determinants in voting . These circumstances may favor `` non-party list '' candidates associated with the Muslim Brotherhood and the former NDP , particularly in rural Egypt .
The job of democratic governments is to provide the resources that can make delivery of this aid possible .
Moreover , the FSB 's achievements are significant .
Pragmatic steps to clarify the FSB 's mandate and enhance its operational effectiveness can and should be taken .
The Cannes Summit should articulate a renewed commitment to consistent implementation of agreed regulatory reforms , and to minimizing divergence in national regulation that could create systemic risks or significant competitive advantage .
Some 80 % of Latin American cocaine reaching the US passes through the country at some point .
Investigators from the US and Guatemala believe that the two biggest Mexican cartels , the Sinaloa and Gulf gangs , are spreading their tentacles across various departments ; the Gulf cartel 's notorious armed wing , Los Zetas , is held responsible for a spate of massacres in the country in the past year .
Compared with the strong-arm tactics employed by his Mexican counterpart Felipe Calderón , Colom seems resigned to defeat .
Even if the PNC were to convert itself overnight into the world 's most effective crime-fighting machine , it would still be unlikely to have a significant immediate impact .
The condition of the Central American judiciary is at the heart of the prospect of state failure .
Being in virtual control of large swathes of Central American territory and being able to act with relative impunity are ultimately very good for business .
Quite aside from the terrible human and institutional impact , this situation also undermines the long-term economic strategies of Central American governments .
For better or for worse , democracy in the region has been accompanied by policies of economic liberalisation and efforts to attract foreign investment , culminating in the signing of the Central American Free Trade Agreement with the US in 2005 .
Significant improvements to this situation will be hard won .
Central American politicians ' habitual tough talk on violent crime has paid few dividends in practice ; it makes little impact on drug cartels , whose resources often far outweigh those of the local police or army .
Assuming that the poor use much less water , the monthly cost of conventional network technologies drops to $ 20 -- still a significant outlay .
If we calculate the time and energy lost in developing nations to gathering , treating , and storing water , and the health burden caused by a lack of decent drinking water and sanitation , the costs of creating a typical water and sewer network can remain higher than the benefits .
Often , they prioritize electrification ahead of running water , even though electricity is not essential for life : whatever the inconvenience , water can be carted home from a vendor or a well , but there is no convenient way to carry electricity .
Piping clean water without improving sanitation can in some cases actually exacerbate the spread of infectious agents .
Just as the conventional wisdom that all networked water and sanitation systems are good investments can be wrong , it can be wrong in assuming that all dams are bad investments .
A deep borehole with a hand pump can typically service about 300 people , with a monthly cost per household of about $ 2.25 .
However , simply providing access to such facilities can be surprisingly ineffective -- a significant number are never used .
Despite intimidation , Belarus 's fractured opposition has nevertheless overcome personal and political infighting to unite behind a single candidate , Mr. Goncharik .
Opinion polls continue to give President Lukashenko a significant lead , one brought about in large degree by various forms of state interference and intimidation .
Yet the coalition forces are catching up . No one can safely predict what the result will be .
It can now provide a credible alternative to challenge his authoritarian regime .
Moreover , it is doubtful that great progress can be made at the primary and secondary levels until a higher standard of science learning is set at the post-secondary level .
Rather , it is about developing a way of thinking about a discipline that reflects a particular perception of how `` knowledge '' is established , its extent and limitations , how it describes nature , and how it can be usefully applied in a variety of contexts .
For example , ten years of studies of the possible health effects of a class of carbon-based nanomaterials known as fullerenes report that the soccer-ball-shaped fullerene molecules known as `` buckyballs , '' are powerful antioxidants , comparable in strength to vitamin E. Other studies report that some types of buckyballs can be toxic to tumor cells .
A subsequent study of fullerene toxicity found no significant toxicity for buckyballs , but did observe a toxic response in cell cultures to a second group of fullerenes , called `` single-wall nanotubes . ''
Toxicity can be evaluated by putting buckyballs into a fish tank , but we must also find out whether buckyballs would ever actually arrive in a real world `` fish tank `` such as a lake or river .
But with foresight and care , nanotechnology can develop in a manner that will improve our wellbeing and that of our planet .
There are two ways in which the dollar 's role in the international monetary system can be reduced .
This can be dealt with by setting aside part of the IMF 's large gold stock .
Even if an SDR Substitution Account is established , it is unlikely that the dollar 's share in international reserves would fall to an insignificant level .
But one can envisage a system in which international reserves are held each in roughly equal shares of dollars , euros -LRB- assuming a further gradual increase in its share -RRB- , and SDRs .
The Mind 's New Eye CAMBRIDGE -- Modern physics and cosmology suggest that basic truths about how nature operates , and how our universe arose , are visible only to those who can see events that occur faster than the time it takes for light to cross a proton , and whose vision can resolve sub-nuclear distances .
Fortunately , that does not rule out humans , for we can augment the eyes we were born with .
I will forego all that , and skip to the chase : what can we hope to see ?
It neither emits nor absorbs light significantly , which is why astronomers failed to notice it for millennia , even though dark matter contributes five times as much to the total mass of the universe as normal matter .
We have discovered that we can get a much simpler set of equations for fundamental physics by supposing that what we ordinarily perceive as empty space is actually a medium .
Tsinghua and Peking universities together recently surpassed Berkeley as the top sources of students who go on to earn American PhDs .
During a 2008 campaign stop , for instance , then-candidate Barack Obama spoke in alarmed tones about the threat that such academic competition poses to US competitiveness . `` If we want to keep on building the cars of the future here in America , '' he declared , `` we ca n't afford to see the number of PhDs in engineering climbing in China , South Korea , and Japan even as it 's dropped here in America . ''
There is every reason to believe that the worldwide competition for human talent , the race to produce innovative research , the push to extend university campuses to multiple countries , and the rush to train talented graduates who can strengthen increasingly knowledge-based economies will be good for the US as well .
More PhD production and burgeoning research in China , for instance , does n't take away from America 's store of learning ; on the contrary , it enhances what we know and can accomplish .
Indeed , the economic benefits of a global academic culture are significant .
Neither a gradual erosion in the US market share of students , nor the emergence of ambitious new competitors in Asia , Europe , and the Middle East means that American universities are on an inevitable path to decline .
By resisting protectionist barriers at home and abroad , by continuing to recruit and welcome the world 's best students , by sending more students overseas , by fostering cross-national research collaboration , and by strengthening its own research universities , the US can sustain its well-established academic excellence while continuing to expand the sum total of global knowledge and prosperity .
This means that we can preserve acreage for watersheds , parks , or other environmental or historical sites , but allow property owners to sell and transfer their building rights elsewhere .
Many of these innovations , I believe , can be reproduced in other large cities as well .
Mild depression can result in brooding on negative aspects of self or others , feeling resentful , irritable or angry much of the time , feeling sorry for oneself , and needing constant reassurance from someone .
It can also result in various physical complaints that do not seem to be caused by any physical illness .
Early onset depression -LRB- before 20 years of age -RRB- is particularly associated with a significantly higher risk of relapse and recurrence .
Research has shown that combining the ancient practice of meditation with modern psychotherapies can accomplish this .
The classes also include basic education about our moods , and several exercises from cognitive therapy that show the links between thinking and feeling and how participants can best look after themselves when a crisis threatens to overwhelm them .
They find that they can stay in touch with the present moment without having to ruminate about the past or worry about the future .
Two controlled clinical trials have demonstrated that MBCT can reduce the likelihood of relapse by about 40-50 % in people who have suffered three or more previous episodes of depression .
But it should also be thinking ahead about how it can demonstrate a stronger commitment to security , democracy , and prosperity in the European `` neighborhood . ''
Russia has begun a war of words over Ukraine 's supply of arms to Georgia . And the conflict itself has shown that the Russian Black Sea Fleet , based in Sevastopol , can operate with impunity , whether Ukraine likes it or not .
Many member states will worry about leaping straight to the contentious issue of ultimate membership for Ukraine , but the EU already recognizes Ukraine 's theoretical right to join once it has met the Copenhagen criteria ; and it can not be beyond EU leaders ' verbal dexterity to play up the prospect .
A deep recession in the United States resulting from the sub-prime crisis would significantly lower Chinese exports and cut the prices of oil and other primary commodities .
While Japan 's overall current-account surplus declined significantly , from 3.7 % of GDP in 1985 to 2.7 % in 1988 , the overall US current-account deficit only fell from 2.8 % of GDP to 2.4 % , because Japanese companies started investing in production facilities in Southeast Asia for export to the US .
In short , substantial RMB appreciation would reduce the bilateral US-China trade deficit and China 's overall trade surplus significantly , but it would do little to reduce the overall US trade deficit .
In the absence of a generalized appreciation of all Asian currencies and unchanged American policies , possibly only a deep recession could reduce the overall US current-account deficit .
A stronger RMB can help only the overheated Chinese economy . And it has the virtue of doing so without hurting China 's future production capacity .
In the face of these threats , what can be done to strengthen the non-proliferation regime ?
Selectivity and narrow reinterpretation can only weaken the Treaty .
Developing a new set of non-proliferation mechanisms would be a waste time that we can not afford , because any new protocol would have a dubious legal basis and encourage further imbalances in implementation .
But these potential gains will be realized only if US President Barack Obama gives India the attention it deserves , and if both countries broaden the strategic stake by involving their private sectors in issues that governments alone can not resolve .
By getting India into the G-8 and other multilateral institutions , the US can ensure that India 's growing role in the world carries commensurate responsibilities .
Beyond government cooperation , the creativity and dynamism of businesses , NGOs and private citizens in both countries hold the key to what India and the US can offer each other and the world .
Obama should tap the expertise and energy in the Indian and American private sectors to foster public-private partnerships on complex global problems such as climate change , agricultural transformation , education and HIV\/AIDS .
India and the US are natural partners in meeting this challenge , with innovative scientists and venture capitalists who can take technology breakthroughs from the lab to the market , and NGOs with vast grassroots conservation and public advocacy experience .
Similar coalitions can be assembled to dent global poverty by fostering a second green revolution in Indian agriculture , to enhance India 's role in the global economy through vocational and higher education , and to tackle the worldwide spread of AIDS .
Human institutions , like human beings , can collapse with surprising speed once they have outlived their usefulness .
The dramatic dissolution of the Soviet Union stands as a reminder of what can happen to organizations when doubts take hold as to whether they still serve any real interests other than those of their own apparatchiks -- and how suddenly such doubts can grow when they attempt to convert themselves into something they are not .
But then came the Balkans crises of the 1990s , culminating in the realization that only American military power could put a stop to Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic 's ethnic cleansing of Kosovo . And then came the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , making the `` out of area or out of business '' choice seem a no-brainer .
As long as NATO 's raison d'être was to keep the Russians out and the United States in , NATO 's internal dynamic of American leadership and European obeisance was both inevitable and appropriate .
Americans may find their -LRB- old -RRB- European allies less pliable than before -- but they can at least count on the absence of any serious alternatives for what NATO should become , or what it should do .
Europeans can continue to avoid responsibility for their own security , and to invoke the catechism of `` NATO , the corner-stone of our security '' as a substitute for serious strategic thought .
Americans find their patience tried by Europeans who are free with their advice and criticism yet reluctant to shoulder risks .
The more seriously the Americans show that they are willing to take the EU collectively , the more seriously the Europeans will take themselves .
Winston Churchill once remarked that you could always count on the Americans to do the right thing , after having tried all the alternatives .
Europe will be united by the Chinese . '' Only collectively can Europeans be effective contributors to global security , or achieve a robust transatlantic security partnership .
Until the recent Asian accident crisis , the poorest workplace safety record in world history belonged to the United States in the fifty years following the American Civil War .
Industry-wide , one American worker in fifty at the turn of the last century was killed or seriously disabled each year in work-related accidents .
Of course , American industry is still plagued by serious safety problems .
In recent decades , some of the most dangerous work has been shipped overseas -LRB- ironically , much of it to China -RRB- . And as Americans have grown wealthier , they have been willing to spend more on safety .
American workers ' organizations , for example , developed insurance benefits for their members and sought to exercise collective control to improve workplace safety .
In the 1910 's , American workplace injuries began to fall in virtually every industry , except coal mining -LRB- where injury rates remained high for several decades -RRB- .
This past fall , we convened a task force under the auspices of the Asia Society to consider how the US can best pursue a path of engagement with Burma .
These programs produce powerful agents for community development in Burma , and can significantly improve the prospects for better governance .
If there is no recourse but to pursue stronger sanctions , the US should coordinate with others , including the European Union and ASEAN , to impose targeted financial and banking measures to ensure that military leaders and their associates can not evade the impact of what otherwise would be less-effective unilateral sanctions .
In adjusting its policy toward Burma , the US must face reality with a clear vision of what its foreign policy can achieve .
And documents obtained by the American Civil Liberties Union have Rumsfeld , in his own words , `` checking in '' on the sexualized humiliation of prisoners .
Though we can now debate what the penalty for water-boarding should be , America as a nation , maintaining an odd silence , still can not seem to discuss the sexual crimes involved .
It 's not as if the sex crimes that US leaders either authorized or tolerated are not staring Americans in the face : the images of male prisoners with their heads hooded with women 's underwear ; the documented reports of female US soldiers deployed to smear menstrual blood on the faces of male prisoners , and of military interrogators or contractors forcing prisoners to simulate sex with each other , to penetrate themselves with objects , or to submit to being penetrated by objects .
Americans are behaving like a dysfunctional family by shielding sex criminals in their midst through silence .
Just as sex criminals -- and the leaders who directed the use of rape and sexual abuse as a military strategy -- were tried and sentenced after the wars in Bosnia and Sierra Leone , so Americans must hold accountable those who committed , or authorized , sex crimes in US-operated prisons .
As in a family , only when people start to speak out and tell the truth about rape and sexual assault can the healing begin .
They view the Democrats and the Republicans alike as obstacles to change , drowning out the voices of the people as they kowtow to special interests .
And , at a time when the Chinese government , America 's main creditor , has begun sending clear signals about its preferences for US domestic policy -- even as it ignores American criticism of its human rights record -- are the Tea Partiers merely being paranoid ?
In these circumstances , the Tea Party activists ' focus on supporting states ' autonomy -- and even on property rights and the right to bear arms -- can seem like a prescient effort to constrain overweening corporate and military power in national government .
This is also why the Republicans are seeking to capture the Tea Party movement 's energy for partisan purposes , overrunning it with well-paid operatives , particularly from former Representative Dick Armey 's fundraising and advocacy organization .
Moreover , Tea Party gatherings have increasingly become a platform for Republican candidates seeking the support of a highly mobilized electoral base .
I hope that the Republican establishment does not succeed in co-opting the Tea Party -- and that the Democratic establishment does not , either .
And I hope that the movement captures the imagination of progressives , who are equally disgusted with the corruption of the status quo , and who can agree on many thematic goals , even if their policy proposals might be different .
At its worst , any populist movement can descend to demagoguery .
Ever since , Republican governments in the US have slashed funding for ballet , poetry in schools , and sculpture , while demagogues like former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani have gained political traction by attacking controversial visual arts .
But the Cameron government 's approach is more sinister than the old right-wing tactic of taking aim at disciplines that can be derided as effete .
Veiled Sexuality NEW YORK -- A woman swathed in black to her ankles , wearing a headscarf or a full chador , walks down a European or North American street , surrounded by other women in halter tops , miniskirts and short shorts .
When Americans were being prepared for the invasion of Afghanistan , the Taliban were demonized for denying cosmetics and hair color to women ; when the Taliban were overthrown , Western writers often noted that women had taken off their scarves .
Many women said something like this : `` When I wear Western clothes , men stare at me , objectify me , or I am always measuring myself against the standards of models in magazines , which are hard to live up to -- and even harder as you get older , not to mention how tiring it can be to be on display all the time .
When sexuality is kept private and directed in ways seen as sacred -- and when one 's husband is n't seeing his wife -LRB- or other women -RRB- half-naked all day long -- one can feel great power and intensity when the headscarf or the chador comes off in the sanctity of the home .
Among healthy young men in the West , who grow up on pornography and sexual imagery on every street corner , reduced libido is a growing epidemic , so it is easy to imagine the power that sexuality can still carry in a more modest culture .
And it is worth understanding the positive experiences that women -- and men -- can have in cultures where sexuality is more conservatively directed .
Years of sensitive educational outreach have finally made it the norm for American children to understand that their bodies are their own , that adults should not touch them intimately or in ways that make them uncomfortable , and that they can expect to be protected from such violation .
Americans , for once , are fighting back against this latest violation of their rights .
Welcome to America 's current reality , in which threats are hyped so that a handful of insiders can make a killing .
Shortly after former Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff made the rounds of TV shows arguing in favor of such measures to thwart `` bad guys , '' one of his consulting firm 's clients , Rapiscan , won the $ 350 million contract to provide the full-body x-ray machines .
When victims are not kept hidden , it becomes much clearer that rape can happen to anyone -- grandmothers and students , homemakers and prostitutes .
The Bush administration conspired to lead Americans and others into an illegal war , using fabricated evidence to do so .
In a fevered environment , without good editorial validation or tools for sourcing , citizens can be preyed upon and whipped up by demagogues , as we saw in recent weeks at Sarah Palin 's rallies after Internet theories painted Barack Obama as a terrorist or in league with terrorists .
One can imagine that he is applying that old adage , `` Keep your friends close and your enemies closer . ''
One can also imagine that he did it to secure the women 's vote .
But the exit polls and the data all show that Obama already has the support of a disproportionate share of American women . -LRB- The real news in his victory was that he got a chunk of white men , who rarely support a Democrat . -RRB-
I believe that Obama knows that Hillary realizes that conflict emerges from these problems , and that using military intervention without addressing them is merely the equivalent of throwing a blanket into a volcano .
Learning from America As the United States prepares to celebrate the inauguration of its first African-American president , it showcases again one of the best aspects of its national identity .
In this sense , the relationship between native-born and new Americans starts out `` cleaner . ''
Second , Americans do n't demand that immigrants regard their cultural or ethnic background as being in contrast to or in opposition to their American-ness .
But , while they and other radical Muslims around the world may hate Americans , it is hard to imagine a more Americanized , suburbanized immigrant subculture than Muslim immigrants in the US .
Rather then listening to radical clerics , they are busy assimilating , sending their kids to law and medical school , barbequing on weekends , and going to -LRB- American -RRB- football games -- all while still maintaining devout ties to their religion and community .
That has not changed since the 9\/11 terrorist attacks , despite rising hostility toward US Muslims among native-born Americans , based the assumption that they could not assimilate -LRB- a charge often directed in the past at Jews in various countries -RRB- .
More generally , Americans view immigrants as being welcome to combine their culture of origin with their new American-ness , while immigrants see no conflict between their ethnicity and religion and their embrace of America .
And , most significantly when it comes to assessing the ease of integration over time , they fully expect their kids to be completely , unhesitantly `` American '' -- a promise that , by and large , is readily fulfilled .
And the unrest of the children and grandchildren of Algerian , West African , and Moroccan immigrants in the French banlieues attest to France 's failure to assimilate its immigrant population , despite the Republic 's official egalitarian rhetoric .
Third , and perhaps most importantly , Americans separate Church and State .
It is for this reason that Americans are not alarmed by visible symbols of different religions in public settings .
Nice start , and the credit goes both to Obama and to the millions of Americans who stood up and took risks to fight against gathering tyranny .
`` My fellow Americans , the Founders had the wisdom to guarantee our freedoms in many ways .
Half of American children grow up with no civic education .
So half of incoming American college students do n't know what our democracy is , let alone how to defend it when it is threatened .
I call on states throughout the land to re-institute the study of US civics so that we will produce citizens who understand our legacy and can defend liberty and the Constitution when it is threatened .
`` Join me in accomplishing these next five tasks , and we can look at ourselves in the mirror again , recognizing ourselves as true Americans . ''
A modern society does need educated people : not just engineers , chemists , and doctors , but millions of people who can write coherent letters , fill in complicated forms , explain insurance policies , and interpret statistical data from machines on factory floors .
Some of these skills can be learned only in universities ; others can -LRB- and should -RRB- be mastered in primary and secondary schools .
However , every study I know of -- whether British , Scandinavian , or American -- agrees that large numbers of these `` graduate '' jobs require no more than they did when non-graduates performed them perfectly well .
Moreover , for every South Korea , and every Hong Kong , we can also find developing countries where expanding education merely fueled competition for white-collar jobs in a bloated , deadweight state bureaucracy .
The phase-out of ozone depleting substances through the Montreal Protocol , for instance , shows what can be done when the international community works together .
Thanks to the protocol , it is estimated that up to 20 million cases of skin cancer , and 130 million eye cataracts , will be avoided .
Three areas can help speed progress :
Lack of jobs can lead to increased frustration and hopelessness on such a scale that ensuing social and political ferment could make tomorrow 's world far less stable and secure than that of today .
They are part of a strange paradox , one that is ubiquitous in the developing world : in villages in Africa , young people can buy Coca-Cola , but they have no clean water .
Today , nearly 80 % of Americans live in urban areas .
Americans lose around 3.7 billion hours and 2.3 billion gallons of fuel sitting in traffic jams . This implies an annual cost of around $ 200 billion .
Fortunately , we can learn from other cities such as Stockholm , Singapore , and London , which have successfully implemented them .
In all of these cities , CO2 emissions declined sharply and congestion was significantly reduced , with Singapore experiencing an immediate 45 % drop in traffic .
If the US does not act soon , American cities will lag behind not only European capitals , but also developing country cities such as Bogota -LRB- Colombia -RRB- and Curitiba -LRB- Brazil -RRB- , which are already implementing innovative environmentally friendly solutions .
It is an ideal candidate for creating a blueprint for cleaner and more efficient urbanization in the US and the world .
But even more significantly , its intentions addressed a cardinal question for Japan : who should rule , bureaucratic mandarins or elected officials ?
Lowering the prestige of the government right now is the fact that Kan has not shown any talent for turning himself into a TV personality who can project a grand image of leadership .
But his government is dealing without question as best it can in the face of four simultaneous crises , its efforts encumbered by huge logistical problems that no post-World-War-II Japanese government has ever faced before .
The DPJ has had scant time to make up for what the LDP has long neglected .
The first DPJ prime minister , Yukio Hatoyama , miscalculated in believing that a face-to-face meeting with the new American president to discuss long-term matters affecting East Asia could settle the issue .
He was steadily rebuffed by the American government .
But can central banks stabilize a falling price index as effectively as a rising one ?
Some economists argue that once deflation sets in , central banks are powerless because nominal interest rates can not be pushed below zero .
In a deflationary environment , this means that real interest rates - that are all that matter for economic stimulus - can not be pushed as low as might be necessary to boost demand and stem downward pressure on prices .
When current overnight rates can no longer be lowered , it is vital that a central bank credibly signal its intention to maintain looser policy in the future , when it will have more room to maneuver .
What can be done to stabilize an economy when nominal interest rates can not be lowered any further , but prices still fall and the output gap -- the difference between what it can produce and what it actually does produce -- remains wide ?
Paul Krugman , for example , calls deflation a `` black hole '' : once you fall into it , monetary policy becomes ineffective because no amount of monetary expansion can further reduce interest rates .
Is there any point in having an inflation target that can not be met ?
The `` zero bound '' on short_term rates does represent an important constraint on what monetary stabilization can achieve , but it is a more modest barrier than deflation pessimists insist .
This is true even when current rates can not be lowered any further -- and even if inflation expectations remain unaffected -- owing to the effects of the expected future path of short rates on current long-term interest rates and on the exchange rate .
Because changes in carbon dioxide emissions , unlike pollutants such as sulfur dioxide and nitrogen dioxide , can not be easily detected , and because of the multi-century persistence of CO2 in the atmosphere , the problem of reducing its level in the atmosphere is much harder to solve than are other environmental problems .
Public debate is also confused by an `` all-or-nothing '' mind-set , with skeptics contending that if any portion of climate change is naturally caused -LRB- say , by the earth 's axis tilting over a period of millennia -RRB- then none of it can be anthropogenic .
Regarding oil , which dominates transportation , the high concentration of deposits in the Middle East , especially those that can be most cheaply exploited , makes oil-importing countries hostage both to terrorist attacks on the oil infrastructure and to monopoly-determined prices .
Oil 's monopoly over transportation can in part be destroyed by electrification -LRB- via plug-in hybrid electric vehicles , for example -RRB- , and also by second-generation biofuels , such as butanol from cellulosic feedstocks , and by algae - and waste-based biofuels .
Many nations can also learn a great deal from Denmark 's creative use of waste heat for cogeneration .
On the contrary , as Ye has candidly acknowledged , the number of corruption cases `` has continued to rise . ''
While the economic toll of graft can not be precisely quantified , indirect evidence suggests that the costs are significant .
In the last quarter of 2007 alone , Mexican issuers sold $ 1.5 billion in new mortgage-backed securities -- a significant portion of $ 4.4 billion outstanding -- with only a slight drop in prices to reflect globally induced risk , according to the publication Asset Securitization Report .
`` It 's natural that the state of global markets will have some kind of ripple effect , '' says Greg Kabance , managing director for Latin American structured finance at Fitch Ratings , the international credit ratings agency . `` But Latin American countries , from a credit standpoint , are a lot better off than they have ever been to withstand turbulence and weather global market problems . ''
Mexican mortgages are indexed to inflation , but the state mortgage agency links that index to the minimum wage and makes up the difference if mortgage interest adjustments for inflation outpace wage growth .
Standard & Poor 's analyst Juan Pablo de Mollein points out that Mexico does not have a liquid secondary market where mortgage securities can be traded to buyers who are far removed from the original issuer .
The silver lining of past financial crises in Latin America is that most individuals carry far less debt than do Americans .
He emphasized the crucial role of housing in allowing low-income individuals to raise capital that can be used for investment in small businesses , in education , or in other projects that can significantly improve standards of living over the medium to long term .
Americans homeowners came to treat their houses as cash machines from which they withdrew equity lines of credit for consumption instead of investment .
Latin Americans have long regarded real estate as a long-term asset and as protection against inflation .
As the US and Europe lower interest rates to try to revive their economies and calm financial markets , the most significant impact of the sub-prime mortgage crisis for Latin America may turn out to be inflation .
Dogs are able to follow human pointing gestures to find hidden food , and they can indicate successfully to their owners by their own pointing actions where a hidden toy is located .
Under certain circumstances , dogs understand that a human who can not see them -LRB- because , for example , she is blindfolded -RRB- is less likely to respond to begging with a tasty treat than a person whose vision is not obscured .
And yet attempts to view canine smarts as cut from the same cloth as human intelligence gloss over a lot of the details about how dogs and humans operate .
Thus France can not meet the Pact 's deficit target .
The Stability Pact is too crude and technocratic : a 3 % deficit target enforced by Brussels bureaucrats can not bind real-life politicians .
Decisions on such issues can not be delegated ; they must remain in the hands of elected governments and be subject to parliamentary approval and oversight .
That task does not differ from monetary policy and can be delegated to an independent body .
They look upon economics as an ideological battleground , where all views can be entertained without being confronted with logic , much less with facts .
The bloated French public sector , which many see as the employer of last resort , can not afford its expensive personnel .
Except for a fringe of die-hard Marxists -- which can still collect up to 10 % of the votes -- there is a keen sense that deep reforms are needed to come to grip with the high unemployment and poor growth of the last decade .
Governments can borrow what they need to pay out now , and service this debt as reforms yield benefits .
Not only is paying up-front against future benefits efficient and fair , but it also can provide strong incentives for policy makers to weed out bad reforms .
The private sector has been entirely rebuilt and is vibrant , but it can not remain competitive if fiscal demands are not reduced -- a familiar problem in Europe as a whole .
They could well squander the significant transfers that they receive through the agricultural and structural funds , as many previous EU recipients did .
In 2007 , the attrition rate was one out of three -- short of the pledge , but a sharp reversal from previous decades , in which the ranks of civil servants grew significantly faster than private-sector employment .
When President Jacques Chirac 's first government attempted such a reform in 1995 , railroad workers , who can retire at age 50 or 55 , spearheaded the resistance .
It remains to be seen whether it can effectively restore some monetary-policy influence .
Boosting competitiveness through exchange-rate depreciation may not succeed in raising exports in a situation where world trade is rapidly contracting , but it can cushion the blow by switching demand toward domestically produced goods and services .
The momentum of this rising demand in China for `` rights '' can also be seen in the coverage of other major events in the traditional media .
Ordinary internet users can also write about events they witness and broadcast their reports online , making the suppression of important breaking news almost impossible .
How can an enterprise being restructured , say , find a way to issue securities for financing if it can not meet conventional standards such as profitability and net asset value , as required by the Company Law and the Securities Law ?
To prevent fraud , an acute problem in the past , the new law established a `` right of rescission , '' whereby the receiver can ask courts to rescind any action by a debtor that involves fraud , evasion , or unfair liquidation in the prescribed period before a bankruptcy petition is accepted and assets recovered . The system now holds the key to fairness liquidation .
The Sources of Chinese Conduct BEIJING -- Six decades ago , the American diplomat George Kennan wrote an article , `` The Sources of Soviet Conduct , '' that galvanized American and world opinion , which soon hardened into the rigid postures of the Cold War .
Rulers who rely mostly on military or economic might divorced from morality , he argued , can not achieve long-term success on the international stage .
China 's policy toward Libya , which differs significantly from previous policy , may or may not have been shaped by it ; nevertheless , we can not rule out the possibility of it becoming the mainstream of thinking in Chinese foreign-policy circles in the near future .
At a press conference this month , he said that economic reform can not succeed without political reform , and that corruption currently poses the gravest danger to China .
But what can not yet be seen is how Palestinians will view Hamas .
Whether Hamas can claim a victory -- and whether Palestinians will believe them will be determined by the type of ceasefire that is eventually agreed , if a formal one is eventually agreed .
Abbas , supported by the United States and the European Union , may have control over significant funding .
More importantly , Hamas can demonstrate that its leaders have been on the front lines during this war , sharing Palestinian suffering ; many have been killed , along with their families .
Two weeks ago , Musa Abu Marzouk , a senior Hamas official , praised Jimmy Carter in The Los Angeles Times as the only American president who had brought true peace in the Middle East .
The delay is significant , because Kuwaitis are unaccustomed to this kind of parliamentary influence .
This process , indeed , is echoed in the 22 Arab countries , where religious orthodoxy rules out any significant liberal political opposition .
In such circumstances , the Mosque becomes the sole public space in which people can voice political views .
So the effort to democratize Iraq -- indeed , the entire American project to democratize the region -- has fallen under deep suspicion by even the most moderate of Muslims .
But until the West stops regarding dead babies as political props , we can not understand how the Muslim world perceives all that has happened since September 11 , 2001 .
Yet Israel , America , and the region 's moderates can benefit from the deepening schism in the Arab\/Muslim world . That schism is being consolidated by Saudi support of all the region 's Sunni Muslims .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al-Sadr 's Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005 .
Better to let the Americans do it , though of course these Shi'a leaders prefer a slow strangulation of al-Sadr to a direct and bloody assault .
Attempting to politically isolate and disarm Hezbollah is a task that the EU-led UN force can not accomplish and should not attempt , for it would mean war , with Syria and Iran in the background .
So a neat Shia-Sunni dividing line can not be drawn .
Anti-Americanism and an aggressive foreign policy are , of course , part of the allure of men like Nasrullah .
LONDON &#45; &#45; The recent meeting in the Vatican of the `` Custodian of The Holy Places , '' King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia , and Pope Benedict XVI was a seminal event , particularly as it comes at a time when radical Muslims are decrying the role of `` crusaders '' in Middle East politics .
Behind its exalted name lay an innovation of great diplomatic significance : the introduction of an element of calculated moral restraint into international relations .
But what `` common values '' do King , Pope , and American President share ?
American radicalism , however , resulted in increasing tensions between religious communities in the Middle East , and the rise of radical Iran with its bid for regional hegemony .
Moreover , Abdullah understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability-seeking alliance that Metternich built .
The problem is that Abdullah can not rely on his domestic conservative allies to give him the time that the Kingdom needs .
After all , few political systems can defend against those , like Saudi Arabia 's Islamic radicals , who claim that they can preserve the system and its religious values more effectively than the current rulers .
Only an alliance of conservative leaders and powers -LRB- including a retreat by America from diplomatic radicalism -RRB- , Abdullah believes , can restore some stability to the Middle East .
Now , even Islamists are welcoming Russia back as a regional player in order to strengthen their struggle against American hegemony , conveniently forgetting Russia 's brutal suppression of Chechen Muslims during the 1990 's .
Its allies in the Middle East , especially Saudi Arabia , justified US influence on the grounds that Americans were Christian and thus part of the Ahl el-Kitab -LRB- the people of the Book -RRB- .
In the prevailing atmosphere of turmoil and confusion , the radical Islamists attack the Americans as barbarous Crusaders who have replaced the communists as the enemies of Islam .
Indeed , for the first time in Russia 's history in the Middle East , it can depend on genuinely powerful local allies .
Indeed , the empowerment of Iraq 's long-suppressed Shia has raised expectations among Saudi Arabia 's Shia that they , too , can gain first-class status .
Until the beginning of this year , they have not formed significant or open opposition movements , owing to a historically well-entrenched fear of repression .
The Prophet 's hadith about Yemen has enjoyed new resonance ever since the 1980 's , when Saudi Arabia -- in line with American policy -- sought to export domestic dissenters , most prominently Osama bin Laden , a Yemeni of Saudi birth , to fight Soviet infidels in Afghanistan .
One-third of the Guantánamo detainees are Yemeni , but Yemen can not guarantee the United States that the detainees will be controlled effectively if they are returned home .
Building fences and sending helicopters to police the borders will not be sufficient , and the idea that jihadis can be rehabilitated is a myth .
Yet there are things the Saudis can do to vaccinate themselves , and Yemen , from fanaticism .
This should not be impossible , because both Saudi Arabia and Yemen have moderate , indigenous Islamic traditions that can be mobilized against jihadism .
The GCC can and must assume that role .
Yemen is strategically important , not only for Saudi Arabia , but for the world , because it is the only country on the Arabian Peninsula from which oil can reach the open seas without passing through a narrow strait -- either the Strait of Hormuz or the Suez Canal .
The states in the Middle East can be characterized by a series of `` F-words : '' failed , frozen , flexible , flourishing , or frightening .
The US should not be surprised by any of these developments because American involvement in Yemen is not new .
The forthcoming London conference could prove to be either a trap for the West or the beginning of a true effort at the kind of domestic reform that can prevent Yemen from becoming another Afghanistan .
The Kingdom and the Afghan Chaos LONDON -- In his quest to stabilize his country , Afghanistan 's President Hamid Karzai , dressed in white robes , arrived last week in Mecca on what can only be called a diplomatic pilgrimage .
One card the Saudis can play is their severe Islamic ideology , which the Taliban shares .
But , given Saudi Arabia 's past record of supporting radicalism in Afghanistan , it is highly unlikely that the Kingdom can help secure this aim .
Resignations have increased : ambassadors , ministers , significant media figures , and army generals .
Yet Saleh retains the loyalty of the interior ministry , the Republican Guard , and part of the air force .
Still , clashes between the army and the Republican Guard are further eroding the regime 's coherence .
Like other dictators in their political death throes -- former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Libya 's Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi , for example -- Saleh has warned of the dangers the world would face if he is forced to depart : the Muslim Brotherhood , al-Qaeda attacks , Iranian regional hegemony , and the breakup of Yemen . Après moi le déluge seems to be the sole justification he can offer for his continued rule .
The reality is that the US has known for weeks that it can not save Saleh 's regime .
Finally , the US now appears to have concluded that Saleh 's regime can not be revived .
But can the nascent democracies being built in Egypt and Tunisia , and sought in Bahrain , Libya , Syria , Yemen , and elsewhere , see off the threats posed by Islamic extremists ?
In particular , can it defeat the Salafi\/Wahhabi thought that has long nurtured Osama bin Laden and his ilk , and which remains the professed and protected ideology of Saudi Arabia ?
For the US has been selectively -- and short-sightedly -- irradiating only parts of the cancer that Al Qaeda represents , while leaving the malignant growth of Saudi Wahabism and Salafism untouched .
But the US knows perfectly well that Al Qaeda is an enemy of convenience for Saleh and other American allies in the region , and that in many cases , terrorism has been used as a pretext to repress reform .
Al Qaeda and democracy can not coexist .
Rosa Parks ' revolutionary bravery in refusing to move to the back of a Montgomery , Alabama municipal bus in 1955 helped spark the American civil rights movement .
The US government does not need to be convinced about that , but the American people -- and ordinary Iraqis -- want to see the troops go home .
Following American requests , references to the concept were removed from textbooks in 2004 .
True democracy , of course , can not coexist with Al Qaeda ; but it also can not coexist with an obscurantist monarchy enthralled to a fundamentalist ideology .
Here , once again , Saudi confusion has mimicked American confusion , or vice versa .
If some Najdi may now be mistrusted , where can the al-Saud turn ?
After Abdullah succeeded his brother Fahd , who ruled for 23 years until his death in 2005 , he created an Allegiance Council , an ambiguous and mysterious family body that resembled the Vatican 's College of Cardinals .
Whereas Abdullah at least talked about reform -LRB- though with no real consequences -RRB- , Naif can barely bring himself to utter the word .
The royals believe that custodianship of Islam 's holy places gives them a special status in the Arab world , and that no revolution can touch them .
One reason for the weakness of Abdullah 's faction is that he has scant support within the family , because the Al Saud center of power lies with the al Fahads - the six full brothers of the dead King Fahad , most importantly Prince Sultan , the Minister of Defense , and Prince Naif .
A key early test of Abdullah 's kingship will be if he can succeed in freeing the hundreds of political reformers now in prison , especially three respected academics whom he encouraged to make reform proposals , only to be incarcerated by Naif .
So Saudi Arabia 's people confront this key question : can an authoritative ruler emerge who will reunite the country in the progressive tradition of the late King Faisal ?
The direction the country will take in the longer term can best be assessed by whom Abdullah chooses to name as the successor to Prince Sultan , Naif 's chief ally who has already been named Abdullah 's heir .
If Abdullah -LRB- aged 83 -RRB- can perhaps skip a generation and appoint a more open-minded younger figure , there may be hope .
More fundamentally , no one should think that North Korea 's totalitarian communist system can be changed overnight .
No one inside or outside can remove its anachronistic dynastic-communist regime , and no outsider can hope to modify quickly the policy behavior of its fossilized military , party , and administrative bureaucrats .
Where in the world can you find a more isolated , regimented and militarized dynastic mutation of a communist totalitarian system than in North Korea ?
Where on earth can you see a nuclear-armed , missile-shooting panhandler such as Kim Jong-il ?
Likewise , where else but in South Korea can you find a Christian church whose registered membership runs upwards of 800,000 , and where nearly 100,000 adherents attend each of the three Sunday services every week ?
Where else can you witness an ex-president commit suicide by jumping off a cliff near his residence ?
Cornelius Osgood , an American anthropologist , attributed Korean extremism to the peninsula 's weather .
Setting the blame game aside , what can be done with North Korea ?
After all , once Russia 's richest man can be stripped of his assets at any moment , ordinary Russian businessmen may be forgiven for concluding that operating in the open is risky .
Reduced business activity , with long-term investment projects being canceled , seems just as certain . A lower rate of economic growth thus seems inevitable .
Today , the business community understands that the Prosecutor General 's Office can find any pretext to go after any one of them .
If prosecutors can treat huge businesses so roughly , what hope is there for medium and small businesses ?
After that , can anyone seriously doubt that the craving for fresh prey will intensify ?
Most importantly , there is no one in power who can change the country 's economic policies .
But , given the tastes and appetites of Moscow 's mayor , you can assume that he will continue to pour what money remains into the city 's building boom .
With a feeling of approaching freedom , any economic crisis can be endured more easily .
But there you can read very pessimistic estimates of the country 's economic future .
But , outside Russia , no responsible economists can even begin to say whether the crisis is truly over .
Now that oil price has reached $ 80 per barrel , Russia 's central bank can start buying foreign currency again .
But how long can such a situation last ?
Individuals and peoples are capable of enduring difficulties if there is a sense that the future will be better and conflicts resolved . But a sudden backward regression can lead to despair , which we feel today .
Nor did they come like the American or Australian settlers in order to build a new identity and assimilate the natives into it .
Discussion about the `` de-Zionization '' of Israel can also be heard at universities worldwide and even among Jewish leftists .
The idea of a bi-national Israeli-Palestinian state embodies the dangerous illusion that two peoples who are utterly different in their language , religion , culture , and history , who are divided by a deep economic chasm and connected to their own external worlds -- the Palestinians to the Arab world and Israelis to the rest of world Jewry -- can be combined in the framework of a single state .
In the end , however , logic prevailed over escapism and hesitation , a ceasefire was signed , and we can only regret all the time that was lost and the unnecessary suffering on both sides .
So can it last and evolve into something durable ?
In a state of war , people get used to the status quo and can not imagine anything else .
So this truce must be seen not as a piece of paper with some legal significance , but as a young plant that needs to be tended to , watered , nursed , and protected , so that it grows into a strong and robust tree that can not be uprooted with an occasional Qassam rocket or a stray grenade .
The presence of many women in the magistrature and the police has also contributed significantly , in my view , to reinforcing the system .
So we would do well to get out of our heads as quickly as possible the illusion that we can somehow annihilate Hamas or eradicate them from the Gaza strip .
Instead , we have to work , with caution and good sense , to reach a reasonable and detailed agreement for a lasting ceasefire that has within it the perspective that Hamas can change .
Such a change is possible and can be acted upon .
But at least we will know that we are not fighting for an impossible objective that can only result in blood and devastation -- blood and devastation that will weigh on the collective memories of the sons and grandsons of our neighbors , who will remain our enemies , even if the spinning top continues to turn .
Even if you do n't believe in Palestinians ' real desire for peace , their capacity to hold terrorist organizations at bay , or their renunciation of the alleged right of return , you can always protect your security with a military presence in Palestinian territories rather than prejudicing the future peace and the two-state solution by expanding useless settlements . ''
We can congratulate ourselves : better late than never !
It is a hatred that did not disappear with Nazism , and that one can still , 65 years after the liberation of Auschwitz , glimpse in terrifying manifestations .
Still , Iran 's rulers have adopted a bizarre and total opposition to Israel 's very existence , a position that can revive the same nefarious mechanism that led to the genocidal hatred of the Holocaust .
What can be done to prevent this ?
By contrast , Israeli or American military action against Iran would risk worsening the situation , prolonging and intensifying the suffering in this very sensitive region of the world .
A recurrent characteristic of Europe 's debt-crisis debate is a Latin American precedent .
But the most relevant Latin American experience with debt buybacks is a more recent and far less studied case : Ecuador in 2008 .
The premise that only a credible default ensures significant private-sector involvement -LRB- that is , that private bondholders take a real hit -RRB- is apparent when we compare the market-friendly Uruguayan debt exchange in 2003 with the draconian Argentine restructuring of 2005 .
Only the probability of a default -- and the goal of avoiding even deeper haircuts -- can induce investors to liquidate their positions at a discount .
But the buyback can succeed only if the market perceives it as the last chance before a unilateral debt restructuring .
If the threshold spread is set reasonably high in order to achieve a significant discount , the stock of debt retired by the buyback would be marginal .
Ensuring that research and development is part of the world 's climate change response portfolio would make mitigation efforts more efficient and significantly enhance their ability to reduce carbon emissions over the next century .
Fighting climate change can be a sound investment , even though neither mitigation nor adaptation alone will be enough to `` solve '' the problem .
The authorities released two American journalists and a South Korean worker whom they had seized in August 2009 on charges of violating North Korean law .
One cause for the delay could be a schism within the ruling elite , a group that `` Dear Leader '' Kim Jong-il himself can not control as effectively as before .
Yet a road map for a peaceful transition can be designed .
We need not assume that these goals can not be pursued simultaneously .
We still do not know the nature of the era ahead of us ; we can only be certain that the global economy is in the middle of a major transition , and that the old ways will not work anymore .
The main concern in this period of great uncertainty is whether the transition to a new paradigm can be managed without further destabilizing the international political-economic order .
If the G-20 leaders can also make meaningful progress towards resolving the Doha Round of trade negotiations , they will add momentum for global economic stabilization .
If G-20 leaders can reach specific and effective agreements on exchange rates and global imbalances without overshadowing other issues , the prospects for a soft-landing for the global economy will improve greatly .
The `` liberal '' view of international relations recommends three ingredients : political democratization , deeper economic interdependence , and viable institutions through which East Asia 's states can conduct their affairs in a multilateral way .
Pursuit of a Pax Democratia has long been embedded in American foreign policymaking .
But confrontations between the United States and China , the US and Japan , and China and Japan over the past year have left many wondering whether economic interdependence alone can bring about stable regional relations .
East Asian policymakers understand that there is little that they can do to alter their neighbors ' political systems .
Nor can they do much in an official way to deepen economic interdependence in the short term .
Similarly , the Six-Party Talks on the denuclearization of North Korea , though producing no significant results so far , remain the only useful mechanism for addressing the problem collectively .
More broadly , only through the establishment of less ambitious , smaller-scale , and functionally oriented institutions can momentum be built for a regional framework for peace .
Indeed , any breakthrough to the sort of trust needed to resolve these festering security disputes will require that the three countries establish their annual gatherings as a meaningful multilateral body in its own right -- one that can address major issues in dispute and plan for a better regional future .
If such a trilateral FTA can be realized , its political and economic significance has the potential to equal that of the creation of European Coal and Steel Community in 1952 , the first step in Europe 's integration process .
First , Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan , President Lee Myung-bak of South Korea , and Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao agreed to strengthen mutual cooperation on nuclear safety and disaster-relief activities , reflecting the three states ' concerns about how effectively they can cooperate in preventing and confronting a nuclear crisis like the Fukushima disaster .
In the summit 's joint declaration and the three leaders ' remarks at the concluding press conference , one can see China 's clear intention to improve bilateral relations with Japan by promising cooperation on the issue of Japanese imports that might be contaminated by radiation from Fukushima .
The Lebanese Labyrinth Lebanon is poised to hold a presidential election that none of its contending factions -- indeed , none of the rival parties in the region -- can afford to lose .
The problem is that the anti-Syrian coalition , known as `` March 14 , '' is not yet united around a single presidential candidate .
While America will not bargain with Syria over the election , it would probably accept a candidate with whom Syria feels comfortable , provided he is acceptable across the political spectrum .
One idea -- to elect a candidate with whom everyone can live -- would likely produce a weak president . So would an agreement by all sides to elect an interim president for two years , buying time until the regional balance of power changes or solidifies .
Trade and exports accounted for 67 % and 37 % of the country 's GDP , respectively , before the global crisis , but have since fallen significantly .
Moreover , due to hasty and poorly supervised implementation , waste in infrastructure construction can be serious .
With an investment rate of 50 % and a GDP growth rate of 8 % , the incremental capital-output ratio could be higher than six , compared to 4.1 in 1991-2003 , implying not only low efficiency , but also the possibility of a significant increase in nonperforming loans .
But the US can not improve its trade balance unless the dollar falls .
Due to the huge US budget deficit , the supply of American government bonds will increase astronomically in the years ahead .
As the stronger and more experienced party , the US can help to allay China 's fears about the safety of its national savings .
Finally , if the US government can not safeguard the value its securities , it should compensate China in one way or another .
Only then can China and the world be certain that America 's irresponsible attitude -- `` the dollar is our currency , but your problem '' -- has become a thing of the past .
Will the pace of appreciation accelerate enough to satisfy American demands ?
This large , steady fall in the country 's trade surplus makes the Chinese government hesitant to allow the RMB to appreciate significantly , for fear of the lagged impact on the trade balance .
For China 's , the income effect of global demand is significantly larger than the price effect of the exchange rate .
Whether America can achieve decent growth while keeping its current-account deficit in check depends on whether it can reinvigorate its ability to innovate and create , thereby restoring competitiveness and creating demand at the same time .
So China has reached a crucial juncture : without painful structural adjustment , its economic-growth momentum can suddenly be lost .
Hotels in China 's provincial cities can make five-star hotels in Western capitals looked shabby .
With China 's trade-to-GDP ratio and exports-to-GDP ratio already exceeding 60 % and 30 % , respectively , the economy can not continue to depend on external demand to sustain growth .
In an era of rapid technological progress , creativity , and innovation , the global economic landscape can change rapidly .
There are two contradictory forces that could keep inflation significantly above its 2 % target not only this year and next year , but even in 2013 .
Moreover , with a quarter of the economy contracting -LRB- or stagnating when weather effects are discounted -RRB- , it is not hard to see why the MPC 's members can not agree .
But in a poor country like the one I come from , Sierra-Leone , even half a dollar can save a life or feed an entire family .
Because of the crisis , many African countries are likely to miss the 2015 deadline for the Millennium Development Goal of poverty reduction .
The continent has made some significant socio-economic gains over the last decade .
But this is just the tip of the iceberg of the tens of millions that can be tracked .
Only a coordinated global response can guarantee that in the long run people from the poorest billion will visit Europe as tourists and business partners , not as asylum seekers .
It can generate sustainable growth through industrialization , and by creating a single market .
Agribusiness development can stimulate broader economic growth , boost regional trade , and at the same time enhance food security , and reduce poverty .
· the poorest nations can grow out of poverty through trade ;
The abundance of relevant experiences from the newly industrialized countries in Asia and elsewhere can show African countries how to galvanize their economies , accelerating the process of wealth creation and poverty reduction on the continent .
Big business is spending billions of dollars to explore the opportunities that renewables can bring .
A lesson we have learned from both the climate change debate on the way to the December summit in Copenhagen and from the economic crisis is that only by working together can we achieve genuine change .
IRENA is solid proof that our world has the will to turn away from the carbon-clogged past and to fuel a clean , prosperous future that both developed and developing countries can enjoy .
Nearby , in the city of Elmina , one can see the scars of the past .
An eerie feeling clings to you even after you finish the tour of the dungeons of the notorious Elmina Castle , the nerve center of the former West African slave trade .
Similar stories of mineral abundance have emerged in other African countries in recent years , including in Chad , Guinea , Liberia , Mauritania , and Sudan .
On a continent where mineral wealth too often has become a curse , Botswana , under the leadership of President Festus Gontebanye Mogae , has demonstrated how natural resources can promote sustainable development and good governance .
Thanks in part to the efforts of celebrities like Bono and Bob Geldof , some African countries were absolved of their long-standing debt a few years ago .
The choices that we as Africans make today will determine whether we remain poor , evolve into Dubai-like diversified economies , or follow the successful agriculture-led industrialization model implemented in Malaysia -LRB- despite that country 's gas discoveries -RRB- .
African countries could also choose the Norwegian model , which established the principles that natural wealth belongs to all citizens , including the unborn , and that all mining deals should be completely transparent to the public .
In The Africans : Triple Heritage , the Kenyan-born scholar Ali Mazrui expressed concern about what he perceived to be a Garden of Eden in decay .
Speaking of the lost decade of the 1980 's in Africa , Mazrui observed that , despite being endowed with superb climatic conditions , few African countries could feed themselves ; likewise , despite being engaged in trade in minerals and cash crops , most countries still wallowed in a state of aid-dependency .
We Africans can blame colonialism for most of the problems of the past 350 years , but we will have no one to blame for the decisions that we make in the next 50 years .
African leaders should use the Natural Resource Charter , launched in Oslo in 2009 , and the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative as guidelines when undertaking any mining negotiations .
We can and must avoid the Garden of Eden Syndrome .
The arrests in Ghana , while typical of African bigotry towards gays , were all the more shocking because gays and lesbians actually thrive in Ghana 's capital , Accra .
In the day following its original report , the Daily Graphic went further in showing its revulsion over gay activities by publishing a lead editorial that blamed Europeans and Americans for `` all the reported cases of homosexuality '' in Ghana .
I am neither gay , nor Ghanaian , but I have spent considerable time in Ghana and I reject the argument - heard in other parts of Africa as well - that Western notions of sexuality have perverted Africans .
In my experiences , Africans simply have a moral blind spot on the subject of homosexuality .
Last year I worked in Ghana as country director of Journalists for Human Rights , a Canadian group that helps African journalists give voice to the voiceless in their society while raising awareness of human rights abuses .
Although this example may suggest that Africans are united against homosexuality , they are not ; gay advocates are simply terrified of speaking out , frightened that their support will be interpreted as an admission that they are gay .
No African man is supposed to be gay , and physical contact between men is presumed to be innocent .
Yet the notion of `` coming out '' may not be a solution for every African homosexual .
His visit to Ghana highlights the desirability of prominent people from the diaspora making a positive contribution to African affairs .
But , in choosing restraint over intervention , he has disappointed ordinary Africans and international activists alike .
Clinton , meanwhile , shamefully abandoned Somalia after the deaths of American soldiers in Mogadishu -- and did nothing in the face of Rwanda 's genocide .
For Obama , Africa so far chiefly remains a backdrop against which he defines his American identity .
As he explained in his memoir Dreams from My Father , visiting his father 's native Kenya for the first time made him feel more American -- and less African -- than ever .
Obama will be on African soil for a mere two days , during which time he is expected to emphasize America 's role in promoting good governance and non-violence in Africa -- goals long high on America 's public agenda .
Obama 's one new priority -- to expand US support for African farmers -- reflects a shrewd appreciation of how the expansion of agriculture can quickly lift many rural Africans out of poverty .
`` The administration plans over a number of years to put a substantial amount of money into agricultural development , '' Obama 's choice for Secretary of State for African Affairs , Johnnie Carson , said in advance of the president 's trip .
Do n't expect Obama to confront the most controversial aspect of US relations with Africa : the American military 's new African command .
Obama is n't likely to say whether he 'll scale back the US military role in the region , or whether America 's growing reliance on African oil is the real reason -- not Obama 's heritage -- for wooing Africans .
Obama 's lack of candor wo n't hurt him in the US , where domestic political calculations take precedence .
In truth , his visit to Africa is a reward to his stalwart African-American supporters , who voted overwhelmingly for him in the November election and who remain one pillar of his base .
For African-Americans , Ghana has special meaning .
In 1957 , when legal segregation seemed entrenched in the US , Ghana 's first president , Kwame Nkrumah , used the occasion of his country 's independence from Britain to highlight the injustices experienced daily by black Americans .
Hundreds of African-Americans live year round in Ghana today , some within a short walk of Cape Coast Castle , the slaving fort that shipped human cargo until Britain halted the trade in 1807 .
Learned and deeply reflective , Obama knows that black Americans will view his visit to Ghana very differently than white Americans will .
His tendency to view Africa through an American lens is thus both understandable and inevitable .
Yet his African roots give him a unique capacity to transform American relations with Africa , elevating the importance of African self-reliance and achievement , while striving to make American aid more intelligent and effective .
With its pursuit of research into the farthest reaches of the universe -- deep space -- South Africa hopes to provide further proof that Africans can compete at all levels .
It is also leading the African effort to host what is widely described as potentially the world 's largest scientific instrument , the Square Kilometer Array -LRB- SKA -RRB- radio telescope .
The SKA , whose massive collection of dishes would stretch across nine African countries , is a next-generation telescope that will examine gas clouds in the early universe at 100 times the power of the most powerful existing radio telescope , the Very Large Array in New Mexico .
Today , the country is believed to have about 60 working astronomers , more than half of all the astronomers working in Africa . `` South Africa is the jewel of African astronomy , '' says Charles McGruder , a professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at Western Kentucky University .
In a country that is deeply divided economically , `` What on earth is the benefit to the poor and the downtrodden of deep space research ? '' asks physicist Harold Annegarn , a professor at the University of Johannesburg . `` The answer , '' he says , `` is partly that by supporting a thriving top-level intellectual community , we can train our next generation of intellectuals . ''
One payoff can come from Africans building distinctive satellite instruments , and thus spawning a globally competitive industry .
Better ways to cope with climate change also can come from space research .
No other African country comes close to matching South Africa in even a single area of research and development .
Not only does the world 's largest telescope network `` belong in Africa , '' says Sune Svanberg , a physicist at Lund University in Sweden . `` Good forces also can join with the African scientist to create many small-scale projects in the region that are realistic to operate . ''
There some 1,500 Africans process American health-insurance claims - working around the clock , in three shifts .
The Africans speak English , type at least 50 words a minute on a computer , take data from paper claim forms supplied by US health insurers via satellite in electronic form , put it into new digital forms , and ship them back to the US .
So connected are these Africans that their forms can be reviewed - as they fill them in - by an American supervisor 8,000 miles away .
African `` key punchers '' earn $ 4 to $ 5 a day - four times the legal minimum wage - and receive health insurance , meals , and subsidized transport .
A small number of African engineers and professionals earn much more , and receive periodic training in advanced technologies .
ACS 's employees are but the first Africans to benefit from the hottest trend in the global economy : outsourcing , or the shift of service jobs from high-wage to low-wage countries .
African governments also must be willing to start small : expend a lot of effort to attract pilot projects in the hope of larger employment in the future .
With sensible reforms , many barriers can be removed or at least eased .
· Better Governance : African governments often boast when they simply stop the corrosive effects of corruption and irrational business regulation .
? Greater Competitiveness : African leaders have been slow to realize that they must woo foreign corporations with special services , training programs for workers , and even subsidized offices .
African cities are increasingly finding their way onto the short lists of corporate location experts , only to lose out to Asian cities .
Africans can start winning only if they move faster .
The supply of African professionals and skilled workers , meanwhile , is tight ; shortages also drive up wages .
When ACS decided to expand recently , it opened a new operation in India rather than in Ghana or another African country .
Once pushing industrialization at the expense of agriculture , African leaders routinely ignored ordinary farmers .
She is part of a new generation of urban Africans committed to integrating farmers and markets -- and to getting their hands dirty .
`` When that happens , change can occur very quickly .
Sachs knows the freebies to farmers guarantee gains in the short run , but he 's convinced that African villagers , once freed from `` the poverty trap , '' can thrive on their own .
She recognizes that any lasting transformation in African agriculture will take place , not only village by village , but also farmer by farmer .
African farmers need improved technologies and better access to agricultural markets in Europe and the United States .
The `` Browning '' of African Technology
The `` Browning '' of African Technology Forget MIT . Hello , Tsing Hua University .
Africa boasts the world 's fastest-growing market for wireless telephony , and Huawei -- with offices in 14 African countries -- is running away with the business , sending scores of engineers into the bush to bring a new generation of low-cost technology to some of the planet 's poorest people .
Motivated by profit and market share rather than philanthropy , Huawei is outpacing American and European rivals through lower prices , faster action , and a greater willingness to work in difficult environments .
The sudden influx of Chinese and Indian technologies represents the `` browning '' of African technology , which has long been the domain of `` white '' Americans and Europeans who want to apply their saving hand to African problems .
`` It is a tectonic shift to the East with shattering implications , '' says Calestous Juma , a Kenyan professor at Harvard University who advises the African Union on technology policy .
There are roughly 2,000 African students in China , most of whom are pursuing engineering and science courses .
Wood-burning stoves are responsible for much of Africa 's deforestation , and , in many African cities , where wood accounts for the majority of cooking fuel , its price is soaring .
The Indian stove is clearly a work-in-progress ; it is too bulky and not durable enough to survive the rigors of an African village .
How many designers in America or Europe can say the same ?
Of course , technology transfer from China and India could be a mere smokescreen for a new `` brown imperialism '' aimed at exploiting African oil , food , and minerals .
In recent years , China 's government alone has invested billions of dollars in African infrastructure and resource extraction , raising suspicions that a new scramble for Africa is underway .
But Africans genuinely need foreign technology , and the Chinese , in particular , are pushing hard -- even flamboyantly -- to fill the gap .
In African medicine , Chinese herbs and pharmaceuticals are quietly gaining share .
Likewise , Chinese mastery over ultra-small , cheap `` micro-hydro '' dams , which can generate tiny amounts of electricity from mere trickles of water , appeals to power-short , river-rich Africans .
Americans do-gooders like Nicholas Negroponte , with his $ 100 laptop , have identified the right problem : Africa is way behind technologically and rapid leap-frogging is possible .
But Chinese and Indian scientists argue that Africa can benefit from a changing of the technological guard .
Zuma Rising The anxiety over Jacob Zuma 's election as president of South Africa obscures a significant milestone : for the first time in decades , a sub-Saharan nation has at its helm a champion of ordinary people .
African politics has long been the exclusive domain of aristocrats , soldiers , and technocrats .
Now South Africa , the region 's economic engine and home to its most sophisticated universities , media , and corporations , has a former goat herder at its helm , a rare African leader with the common touch .
He speaks the language of populism , raising hopes for the vast majority of South Africans who daily endure the misery of poor housing , schools , and health care .
Until now , populism has been the missing note in African political culture .
Most seriously , doubts persist about his commitment to democracy , with critics arguing he 's an old-style African `` big man '' ready to bully opponents and ravage the public coffers with his cronies .
Three in ten South Africans are younger than 15 , meaning that they did not live a day under apartheid .
Once the lodestar for American optimism and achievement , California now illustrates the difficulties confronting the United States -- and how much more can still go wrong domestically .
Because other American states also face tough fiscal conditions , the political price of bailing out California may be bailing out dozens of other states too .
The complexity of American governance threatens the benefits of Obama 's decision to stimulate the economy through deficit spending .
Why these Washington politicians are idle while their state slides towards ruin says much about what 's broken in American politics .
Schwarzenegger is a Republican , so Democrats privately wish him to fail .
Yet as a condition , he may insist that Californians , who are already among the most heavily taxed Americans , pay more .
The 9.0-magnitude earthquake that struck Japan is , of course , a highly exceptional event -- an event so rare that its probability can not be well assessed with models based on limited historic data .
In this ideal world , insurance for individual plants would be linked to factors that can and can not be influenced , such as location in a densely populated area and the local population 's risk-averseness .
As with the financial sector , however , crisis can be the mother of reform .
While legal remedies exist should this system break down , impersonal trading can not occur unless most people share the values of fair play and reciprocal cooperation .
Even in impersonal market exchange , we can not help but personalize transactions , say , with the grocery store cashier who smiles and thanks us , or the store greeter whose only purpose is to make us feel cared for .
In neuroeconomics experiments that my lab has conducted , we have found that when a stranger places trust in another by making a considered monetary investment that can either be returned or stolen , our brains release an ancient mammalian hormone called oxytocin .
These external penalties can displace the internal sanctions we feel when we do wrong .
We know what the impact of periodic droughts have been on the lives of tens of millions of Africans .
We can therefore imagine what the impact of a drier climate on agriculture is likely to be .
Some argue that developed countries can not come up with such sums , particularly given their current economic challenges .
Nonetheless , it is argued , whatever the real cost of the damage , developed countries currently can not afford to provide that kind of money .
If the developed world is able to pay trillions of dollars to clean up its bankers ' mess , how is it possible that it can not afford to pay billions of dollars to clean up a mess that it created , and that is threatening the survival of whole continents ?
I can not believe that people in developed counties , when informed about the issues , would support rescuing bankers and oppose partial compensation for poor countries and regions .
I can not believe that they will let such an injustice occur .
If they are not expressing their outrage over the injustice of it all , it can only be because they are inadequately informed .
United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's High-level Advisory Group on Climate Finance -LRB- AGF -RRB- , which we chaired , was established to identify practical proposals for how developed countries can mobilize this level of climate financing by 2020 .
Second , new public mechanisms can mobilize tens of billions of dollars annually , an important step towards the $ 100-billion goal .
Public funding should help leverage climate-friendly private investments . The multilateral development banks , in close collaboration with the UN system , can play a significant multiplier role in this regard .
They can and should go hand in hand ; what we need is climate-resilient , low-carbon growth .
Many other developing countries simply can not emulate this success in all respects ; they must formulate plans specific to their own natural endowments , institutions , and business environments .
The second risk stems from the globalized character of virtually every industry commonly considered a candidate for support .
In today 's world , development objectives can realistically be met by supporting industrial growth , not only domestic industrial growth .
Even so , developing-country policymakers can build some measure of freedom into new trade and investment agreements .
However , dollar supremacy means that the US can sustain a much wider balance-of-payments deficit than other countries .
Of course , the global imbalances associated with China 's economic rise can take longer to adjust than they otherwise would , simply because the US welcomes it as being in America 's own interest .
Or is such a goal necessary because a financial center can determine the fate of a great metropolis ?
Owing to historical factors and opportunities , financial transactions were concentrated in cities that were traditionally closely linked to the rise of European and American capitalism .
International commodity prices will continue to rise , increases in domestic labor costs and prices of non-tradable goods can not easily be stemmed , the international economic situation will encourage further capital inflows , and asset inflation will persist .
BEIJING -- The release by WikiLeaks of American diplomatic cables written between 2004 and 2010 contains considerable material on China 's policy toward North Korea .
Indeed , the controversy in Chinese eyes is not really about Korean reunification -- few in Beijing speculate that the endgame will be otherwise -- but to what extent reunification can be achieved without damaging China 's security concerns .
Thus , if China truly is the mercantilist power that many in the West claim , it should tilt decisively towards the South .
Not surprisingly , that prospect offers scant comfort to China .
China 's leaders recognize that North Korea is a huge burden for them , but , like loving parents of a rogue son , they can not bring themselves to disown him .
Over the past three decades , my research and that of my colleagues has demonstrated the relative ease with which ordinary people can be led to behave in ways that qualify as evil .
It goes on to establish direct parallels with the abuses committed by American soldiers at Iraq 's Abu Ghraib prison , presenting much of the social science research illustrating the power of social situations to dominate individual dispositions .
Instead , I argue that while most people are good most of the time , they can readily be led to act anti-socially , because most people are rarely solitary figures improvising soliloquies on the empty stage of life .
Together , they comprise situational features that can dramatically influence behavior .
With this in mind , I propose a situational perspective for heroism , just as I do for evil : the same situation that can inflame the hostile imagination and evil in some of us can inspire the heroic imagination in others .
A Mania for Diagnosing Bipolar Disorder PROVIDENCE , RI -- During the past few years , many experts have suggested that bipolar disorder -- a serious illness resulting in significant psychosocial morbidity and excess mortality -- is under-recognized , particularly in patients with major depression .
Patients with SCID-diagnosed bipolar disorder had a significantly higher risk of bipolar disorder in their immediate family members than patients who self-reported a previous diagnosis of bipolar disorder that was not confirmed by the SCID .
Patients who self-reported a previous diagnosis of bipolar disorder that was not confirmed by the SCID did not have a significantly higher risk for bipolar disorder than the patients who were negative for bipolar disorder by self-report and the SCID .
How high the percentage should be before claiming over-diagnosis is a significant problem and a value judgment .
But we think that an over-diagnosis rate of more than 50 % crosses the clinical significance threshold .
Mood stabilizers are the treatment of choice , and , depending on the medication , they can produce potentially significant health complications affecting renal , endocrine , hepatic , immunologic , or metabolic function .
Thus , over-diagnosing bipolar disorder can unnecessarily expose patients to serious side-effects of medication .
Direct-to-consumer advertisements that refer individuals to screening questionnaires can result in patients suggesting to their doctors that they have bipolar disorder .
But insufficient diagnostic rigor can result in over-diagnosis .
Both can have negative consequences .
Alternatively , the debt-holders can agree to reduce the face value of debt , in exchange for some warrants .
As corporate finance experts have been saying for 30 years , having too much debt and too little equity is costly , so reducing the face value of debt can sometimes benefit not only equity-holders , but also debt-holders .
Since the many -LRB- taxpayers -RRB- are dispersed , we can not put up a good fight in the US Congress , whereas the financial industry is well represented politically .
CHICAGO -- In trying to understand the pattern and timing of government interventions during a financial crisis , we should probably conclude that , to paraphrase the French philosopher Blaise Pascal , politics have incentives that economics can not understand .
First , it is too dangerous for any country to come even remotely close to the point where insolvency can be triggered by a sunspot .
Either officials recognize immediately the inevitability of default and waste no resources trying to prevent it , or they believe that a default can be avoided and deploy all the resources at their disposal as fast as possible .
That , unfortunately , is story of the American authorities ' intervention during the 2008 financial crisis .
They can not be eliminated , but they can be tempered .
Economics is not as precise a science as physics , but this can not justify the failure of the Angelides Commission .
Two safeguards can avoid this problem in the international context .
Only a government that is sufficiently powerful , in terms of legal authority and solvency , can do so .
The alleged justification for this major interference in private contracting is the systemic effect that these bonuses can have .
Managers can easily move from firm to firm when things go badly , avoiding any punishment .
Thanks to its subpoena powers , the FCIC can collect and analyze such data .
The main shortcoming is that these restrictions can be circumvented easily , since they apply only to bonuses , whereas banks maintain discretion over the mix between salary and bonus .
As Oliver Hart and I explained in a recent paper , this can be done easily , with a regulator intervening every time the credit-default swaps on the financial institutions ' debt becomes too high .
Unfortunately , no precise mathematical model can determine correlation across securities , which is always an educated guess based mostly -LRB- sometimes entirely -RRB- on past behavior .
How can a bond guaranteed in large part by countries such as Italy and Spain -LRB- likely candidates for a fiscal crisis -RRB- provide AAA status to Irish bonds ?
After all , as the EFSF shows , their orientation can be more short term and irrational than the market 's , repeating the same mistakes because they seem not to have learned from them .
Consider , for example , that the first insider-trading case tried in Russia after the fall of communism was against an American firm .
According to European Commission spokeswoman Amelia Torres , the latest efforts at antitrust enforcement can be seen as complementing pending derivatives regulation .
