Considering the evidence on display in Iraq , Syrian leaders must be wondering whether the Bush administration is capable of thinking in these terms .
At the same time , will Syria 's new rulers prove capable of striking the kind of Machiavellian bargain for which the late Syrian president , Hafiz Al-Assad , was famous ?
In these cirumstances , neither Syria nor Iran seems capable of delivering anything but mayhem in Iraq .
Israel , meanwhile , is worried that Hamas has strengthened its military grip on Gaza , in terms of both fortifications and networks capable of launching Qassam rockets into neighboring Israeli towns .
He should not be duplicating what Argentina 's President and Foreign Minister are capable of doing .
In most European cities , taxi drivers are protected by limits on the number of licenses ; the number of notary publics in many countries is similarly restricted , and the price of their services-which are typically of little economic value , but inescapable under existing administrative procedures -- correspondingly high .
A sober assessment of this process leads me to assert that a more capable and united Europe will usher in a more effective Atlantic Alliance and not , as some believe , in American disengagement from European commitments .
Supporters of a common EU foreign\/defense policy see a Europe capable of looking after its own defense as a better partner for the US .
The Rapid Reaction Force , it is said , should be capable of fulfilling the so-called `` Petersberg '' tasks .
Because all EU governments know that , for the foreseeable future , Europe will be capable of only modest military operations there is no great value in defining now how the Rapid Reaction Force will be used .
Larger firms are more capable of pooling resources for research and development , which is the key to China 's aspirations to climb the value ladder .
So the main challenge for the new president will be to continue Lula 's effort to build a new relationship between the public and private sectors -- a model capable of combining transparency and proactive measures that neither devolves into centralizing statism nor surrenders to the markets .
Few organizations in Chile have been as capable or as successful as those dedicated to human rights .
Arab authoritarian regimes , unlike others that have given way to democracy , are incapable of self-reform ; they have , however , mastered the tactics needed to prolong the life spans of their aging despotisms .
Instead , the consequence was a corrupt , militarized Palestinian Authority , with competing security services proved incapable of providing security .
But there is more to finding a solution than simply identifying those nations that are capable of feeding the rest of the world .
With the Americans still refraining from engaging in a Clinton-like level of committed mediation , the parties look to be incapable of meeting each other 's minimal requirements for a settlement .
Now incapable of intimidating anyone , Britain has opted for developing its potential to inspire .
Notwithstanding its many setbacks in recent years , the US remains the only power capable of leading a global strategy that consists in balancing soft and hard power .
The `` surge '' will end sooner or later , and the Iraqis , crippled by violence and corruption , will still be incapable of uniting their polity , and , with their military still unable to take over from the Americans , jihadi and inter-ethnic violence is bound to erupt again .
Forty-one years later , Israel is still incapable of extricating itself from the corrupting occupation of Palestinian lands , and from the folly of settlements .
The concept of interim agreements has now become utterly obsolete , if only because the parties are incapable of paying the political price inherent in an open-ended , piecemeal process .
As a government , Hamas is to be judged by its capacity to provide security and decent governance to Gaza 's population , but as a movement it is incapable of betraying its unyielding commitment to fight the Israeli occupier to the death .
Indeed , while wars from the time of Hannibal 's defeat of the Romans in 216 B.C. to the Gulf War of 1991 had this center of gravity , with a massive concentration of force capable of bringing an enemy to its knees , such industrial inter-state wars have now become an historical anachronism .
Some see war as a way of resolving an increasingly deadlocked situation , shaking up a dysfunctional regional order whose main actors are not only at loggerheads , but are also incapable of resolving the legitimacy deficits of their respective regimes .
The rise of Islamists throughout the region as the sole power capable of exploiting the opportunities of free elections -- Hamas ' victory in Palestine and the Muslim Brotherhood 's spectacular gains in the 2005 Egyptian elections are but the most noteworthy -- the ascendancy to regional hegemony of Shiite Iran , and the sense among Arab rulers that the embattled Bush administration is running out of steam have all combined to stall the promising drive to political reform in the region .
Netanyahu seals the image of Israel as a nation totally incapable of breaking out of the prison of its past .
Israel wants an end to the conflict but is incapable of paying the price , whereas Hamas can better reconcile its ideology with a peace agreement with Israel if it is not defined as final .
Left to our own devices , we have proven ourselves tragically incapable of breaking the genetic code of our dispute .
Politically and economically exhausted , and attentive to electorates clamoring for a shift of priorities to urgent domestic concerns , Europe and America are no longer very capable of imposing their values and interests through costly military interventions in faraway lands .
Being able to act militarily requires capable , flexible forces that are suited to their mission .
Moreover , it is the only organization capable of generating international military operations for the many stability-building tasks that lie ahead .
The worldwide outpouring of support demonstrated what humanity is capable of at its best .
Such obstacles include the absence of an informed and capable workforce , instinctive mistrust and rejection of new ideas and technologies just because they come from the West , lack of respect for those who acquire new knowledge , and endemic discrimination against women .
The problem is that we are technologically incapable of mapping 30,000 genotypes .
This is because many pathogens are capable of infecting a range of hosts , but evolved in places where only some of those hosts live .
Both the Polish and the Ukrainian experiences have convinced me that the will to live in dignity is the most powerful engine of human action , an engine that is capable of overcoming even the greatest fear .
The system worked in a fashion : LDP faction bosses took turns as prime minister , palms were greased by various business interests , more or less capable bureaucrats decided on domestic economic policies , and the United States took care of Japan 's security -LRB- and much of its foreign policy , too -RRB- .
It was believed , perhaps correctly , that the Germans would be incapable of trying their own former leaders .
A criminal law that makes it preferable for carriers of HIV not to know that they are infected and capable of spreading it to others , including their loved ones , seems particularly suited to Mr. Bumble 's condemnation .
In the words of Immanuel Kant , not some Texas governor , no other `` penalty is capable of satisfying justice . ''
Kosovo would acquire limited independence , with its status rising from a province of a sovereign state to an international subject capable of entering into certain agreements with other states and even joining the UN .
Like Vázquez , Lagos , Kirchner , and Lula elsewhere in the region , Lewites offers the possibility of a modern and democratic left , socially committed and at the same time capable of orchestrating national solutions while recognizing and negotiating profound differences with the US and the IMF .
In the words of the strategic analyst Stanley A. Weiss , this `` helped suck the lifeblood out of communism 's global appeal , '' making it incapable of meeting the widespread yearning for a better and more open life .
According to the latest Annual Threat Assessment of the Intelligence Community released last February , `` Because of the pressure we and our allies have put on Al Qaeda 's core leadership in Pakistan ... Al Qaeda today is less capable and effective than it was a year ago . ''
That conclusion stems from an inescapable fact : the families of most working children depend on their labors to survive .
Koizumi holds a majority in both houses of the Diet , Japan 's parliament , and despite the continuing popularity of pacifism , he intends the SDF to become capable of `` preventive self defense '' -- a form of offensive action in all but name .
The Koizumi government plans to add two new 13,500-ton warships , both capable of carrying helicopters and of being converted to take jump jets to strike enemy territory .
Italy 's Minister for Trade and Europe , Emma Bonino , commenting upon the Microsoft ruling , observed that the very name Microsoft evokes `` what the US is capable of doing . ''
At best , the electoral victories of such groups make the formation of responsible governments difficult ; at worst , they foreshadow actively antidemocratic movements capable of getting a majority by election . --
Viable units will emerge that are less than ideal but at least capable of creating legitimate government - meaning a government that is both effective and acceptable .
Still , when the fighting was over , the bombing stopped for good , and out of the tanks came people who were intent on creating democratic conditions and capable of doing so .
The structure of demand by consumers is different from the jobs that workers are capable of filling .
Western Europe and Japan have vibrant high-tech sectors , able executives , and cultures easily as capable as the US of taking advantage of the boom promised by the rapidly falling prices of information technology .
That means that we must make it more likely in the future that people as capable and wise as Robert Rubin will find it attractive to enter public service , and that once there , they will have the power to make a difference .
The American political system , at least , appears incapable of setting out the central fiscal policy issues in ways that give voters a chance to make informed judgments and distinguish between candidates-even between candidates whose programs are serious and those whose programs are mathematically impossible jokes .
Those with access to finance appear to be capable of resisting the urge to locate production in poor low-wage parts of the world -LRB- China aside -RRB- .
On one level , this is very frustrating : we economists believe that people are smart enough to understand their situation and capable enough to pursue their own interests .
No other country is capable of picking up the slack if America 's economy remains soft .
In Marx 's Shadow Again A century and a half ago , Karl Marx both gloomily and exuberantly predicted that the modern capitalism he saw evolving would prove incapable of producing an acceptable distribution of income .
In her classic study On Revolution , Hannah Arendt observed darkly that `` whatever brotherhood human beings may be capable of has grown out of fratricide , whatever political organization men may have achieved has its origin in crime . ''
Such distorted priorities reflect a simple reality : democracy in Latin America seems incapable of dismantling old networks of clienteles and their traditional power-sharing arrangements .
In the face of a public health system that seemed incapable of diagnosing and treating the outbreak quickly , the government felt it had little choice but to shut down Mexico City , dealing a severe blow to an already crippled economy .
Public opinion seems disenchanted with a democracy incapable of offering tangible solutions to problems , the flu crisis being the most recent example .
Political parties appear far removed from citizen demands , beset by internal divisions , incapable of addressing deep-rooted inequality and lawlessness , and prone to populist or authoritarian leadership that promises quick fixes to entrenched problems .
In this national crisis , Mexico 's people have closed ranks , collaborated , and showed that they are capable of working together to achieve common goals in the public interest .
But their political and economic elites frequently seem incapable of doing so .
Inequality , Interests and Competition , edited by the prominent economists Santiago Levy and Michael Walton , argues , vested interests are capable of blocking changes that would make the economy more productive and efficient .
Nice as it sounds , the reality is likely to be ridden with bureaucracy , susceptible to control by the worst of the world 's governments rather than its best ones , and incapable of innovation .
The FTAA is far too concerned with protecting corporations to be capable of addressing the issues that most trouble Latin America 's citizens .
China is incapable of solving this problem on its own , because its economy is still only one-third the size of America 's .
But recent cuts in public-sector pay in Spain and Greece are a reminder that Europe is , in fact , capable of wage flexibility .
They need time to build a social safety net capable of encouraging Chinese households to reduce their precautionary saving .
Moreover , anatomically modern populations shared a number of these innovations with Neanderthals , which many anthropologists and geneticists consider a different species , or a human type inherently incapable of reaching our cognitive level .
Given his myopic actions at home , where he seems increasingly incapable of dealing with any institution that has any degree of autonomy , this seems unlikely .
The past was , of course , far from perfect , but governments and peoples everywhere appeared more capable of tolerating failure .
The messages must be stark : nuclear weapons are not only the most indiscriminately inhumane weapons ever invented , but the only ones capable of destroying life on this planet as we know it .
A bigger bloodbath seems inescapable if he does not step down .
The consequences of burst bubbles in Japan in the 1980 's and in the United States last year are powerful reasons why China 's government has acted with such determination , while the legacy of a functioning centralized system may explain why it has proven capable of doing so decisively .
Ancient Athens became a `` democracy '' -- literally , government by the people -- when Kleisthenes organized ordinary fisher folk and farmers into a mass rabble capable of defeating Sparta-backed oligarchs .
Finally , Russia will need to build a functioning party system , capable of sustaining Russian democracy .
· The outgoing commander of the Israeli air force declared that the air force was capable of any mission , no matter how difficult , to protect the country 's security .
But a proactive , strong Europe capable of determining its own fate will not be in the cards for quite some time .
The inherent contradiction between a governance structure incapable of change and economic modernization , between cultural and religious conservatism and social and normative transformation , will therefore increase and bring about new , additional frictions if positive answers to these fundamental changes can not be found .
Faced with the gravest financial and economic crisis worldwide since the 1930 's , the Western industrial nations -LRB- including Russia -RRB- that previously dominated the world economy are no longer capable of coming up with an effective response .
Only rarely is it capable of irony .
Iran may be capable of producing sufficient nuclear material to make one or two bombs within the next couple of years , but such activities would inevitably come into the open , because Iran would either have to enrich the uranium under the eyes of IAEA inspectors or expel them , giving the game away .
The monarchy was overthrown in 1952 without violence , and for 250 years Egypt has shown itself capable of producing both radical and reformist political trends .
Indeed , none of Russia 's power structures , including the military , the FSB , and the MVD , are capable of performing effective anti-terrorist operations .
Some military analysts saw this as the beginning , at long last , of serious reforms , as the army was capable only of executing military operations in Russia 's traditional way , i.e. , using overwhelming force , as in WWII .
US President John F. Kennedy once warned that `` every man , woman , and child lives under a nuclear sword of Damocles , hanging by the slenderest of threads , capable of being cut at any moment . ''
A planet composed of nation-states that in turn are dominated by special interest groups does not seem capable of solving this problem .
A world incapable of preventing climate change will have to live with it .
Unlike any first lady in Argentine history , she is capable and well prepared when discussing complex issues such as money laundering or labor law .
Indeed , a Euro-Mediterranean and then Euro-African union may well be the only political project capable of preventing global rule by a G-2 of the United States and China .
At the same time , politicians in democratic countries need to think seriously about reforms of international institutions , because we desperately need institutions capable of real global governance .
So how is it possible that the international community remains incapable of responding effectively to dissuade Burma 's military rulers from escalating the force that they have begun to unleash in Rangoon and its Buddhist temples ?
The possibility that the Palestinians are capable of deliberate decisions , that they have adopted policies which may have contributed to the current situation , or that they have exercised their own forms of power and violence , is , in this framework , never admitted .
The military , after decades of rule , has dismantled all forms of political organization -- parties , trade unions , and student associations -- leaving a Pakistani society immobilized , apathetic , and incapable of articulating its preferences .
Add together all the trade-offs between the West and the Arab regimes , along with the Israeli and Islamist factor , and the conclusion at which one arrives is as inescapable as it is alarming : the West can not afford democracy in the region .
After a brief period of hope , many observers now wonder whether the region is capable of producing viable , and economically vibrant , democracies .
Government regulation was incapable of dealing with the issues involved , although it was certainly helpful to devise ways of making destructive hackers criminally responsible .
The Depression had rendered capital markets incapable of absorbing large quantities of government -LRB- or , indeed , any other -RRB- debt .
But now , in the wake of the financial crisis , a tide of distrust is sweeping the world -- including a new and widespread fear that central banks are incapable of controlling inflation .
The online filtering technology is capable of blocking or intercepting the emails of the 80 million or so `` Net citizens '' in China .
Is it capable of learning from experience ?
But for the last three centuries , China has had no global maritime strategy , nor has it possessed -- or sought to possess -- naval forces capable of supporting such a strategy .
Many countries that achieved independence as a result of the national liberation movements of the 1940 's -1990 's have proved themselves incapable of creating the conditions of normal life within their territories .
Both Zhvania and Saakashvili offer plausible alternatives to his rule , and appear far more capable of building a functioning democracy and market economy in Georgia .
History also teaches us that , despite their inertia , Russians are capable of turning on their government , as they did in 1917 and 1991 .
That pilot project demonstrated that people with mental disabilities are capable of living as equal citizens when they receive appropriate assistance .
People are discovering that Hatoyama is incapable of making -- and sticking with -- a decision .
As a result , loss of control of parts of Pakistan to an increasingly capable alliance of militant groups is a serious near-term threat .
Today , it is not only the superpowers who are capable of blackmailing the world with `` super-murder . ''
While the EU 's member states have proved themselves capable of putting aside their differences when forging a common monetary policy , a common foreign policy has proved more elusive .
But this is true only for those needs which are ` solvent , ' insofar as they are endowed with purchasing power , and for those resources which are ` marketable , ' insofar as they are capable of obtaining a satisfactory price . ''
They themselves are divided , with preferences ranging from Sharia rule in one form or another to a `` Turkish model '' involving mild Islamism capable of achieving mass support through the ballot box .
The US efforts , led by Special Envoy George Mitchell , have shown clearly that the current ruling coalition in Israel is incapable of doing the minimum required for peace .
I would also include the social dimension under the reform banner -- particularly the need to identify and nurture sources of growth capable of generating sufficient jobs .
The inescapable irony is that teenagers and young women pursue a tan to look more attractive , but trade a moment or two of sunny radiance for a whole lifetime of premature wrinkles , fine lines , and haggard-looking skin .
But now that America and its coalition have proven themselves to be incapable of bringing stability to Iraq on their own , the French and German governments can no longer rest and smugly say , `` I told you so , '' as the situation deteriorates even further .
This may be one of the reasons why the Growth Commission Report also found that successful economies all have committed , credible , and capable governments .
The inescapable truth is that the futures of Hong Kong and China are integrally linked .
For many nations , that will require developing institutions capable of conducting adequate planning , monitoring , and evaluation .
Political leaders rarely espouse clear priorities , preferring to seem capable of giving everything to everybody .
Coal contributes strongly to global warming , but no amount of political theater can alter the inescapable fact that it also provides benefits that we can not yet replicate with renewable energy .
Moreover , it is inconsistent with the inescapable fact that , whatever we do , we can not prevent all of global warming 's effects .
So Israel is blocking Lebanon 's ports from the sea , has breached the runways of all three jet-capable airfields , including Beirut 's international airport , and remains ready to destroy generating plants and other high-value targets , if necessary , to generate sufficient political pressure on Hezbollah .
Hezbollah , however , distributed its rockets to village militias that were good at hiding them from air attacks , sheltering them from artillery , and from probing Israeli unmanned air vehicles , but that were incapable of launching them effectively in simultaneous launches against the same targets .
I must confess that I also tried , several times , to get rid of that inner self , to find a surrogate capable of representing me better on the social scene .
But mayors are also the most knowledgeable about communication links within their communities , and are thus the most capable of organizing effective partnerships to address and resolve local issues .
Indeed , Japanese Sumo circles are now facing growing public infamy , causing many Japanese to wonder if the country , after 20 years of stagnation , is capable of purifying itself .
Africa 's Integration Imperative Karl Marx predicted that states would wither away in anticipation of an idyllic communist society capable of auto-regulating economic imbalances and empowering the masses .
It remains to be seen whether the two events will be capable of swinging world opinion in China 's favor and keeping it there .
World famous but controversial , Blair is capable of rallying public opinion and giving the European project the high profile that the EU craves .
This requires a different type of force , and one capable of running a marathon rather than a sprint , sustaining major deployments for extended periods .
He does not match Peter the Great in physical stature , but he has proven to be a gifted politician , capable of grasping , then controlling , the mood of the Russian people .
First , key emerging actors -- China , Russia , and India -- are not ready , willing , or even capable of performing a stabilizing international role .
Indeed , by militarizing our thinking , it renders us incapable of finding the right answers , which must be as much political as security-oriented .
Self-isolated from global political realities and incapable of grasping the meaning of `` civil society , '' the Chinese regime encourages its public in expressions of defiance of all who fail to `` respect China , '' which only reinforces negative reactions .
At home for example , the badly needed reform of the army has been accompanied by unnecessary malignity , as if a former interior minister imbued with a `` police culture '' was utterly incapable of understanding the `` army culture '' and its sense of honor .
But how can China become capable of implementing the `` rule of law '' which it so badly needs , let us not even speak of democracy , if it continues to systematically lie to its people about the recent past ?
Riven by such blinkered thinking , Iran seems incapable of making headway on even the most sensible policy .
Today , no less than yesterday , Mediterranean people -- Muslims , Christians , and Jews -- share inescapable geopolitical , demographic , and economic realities .
This suggests that Muslim reformers , given the right circumstances , might be similarly capable of bringing about Muslim democracy .
Merkel 's style has exacerbated this confusion : she prefers to lead from behind and seems incapable of the stateswoman-like speech that would bring people to accept bolder measures .
But what if many of the abilities and dispositions in question are a product of history , capable of being understood and explained but not readily replicated ?
Widely viewed as a capable technocrat , Mousavi has often been able to navigate Iran 's complicated economic and political maze .
Yet the public and the elite few view the presidential contenders as being capable of improving Iran 's conditions .
His economic failures have highlighted the need for a more moderate and capable president .
Nations that can not afford to field expeditionary forces capable of performing the full spectrum of 21st-century missions should make greater use of specialization to enhance their contribution to Europe 's collective defense .
But it may be too late for political compromise , and the Maliki government may not be capable of a broad non-sectarian policy .
Instead , effective leadership depends on the use of multiple leaders for capable decision-making .
The US is the only country with large state of the art air , naval , and ground forces capable of global deployment - thus , the quick victory in Iraq last year .
So far during the financial crisis and ensuing recession , the US has been incapable of kick-starting credit growth , the major transmission mechanism by which monetary expansion feeds through to domestic economic activity .
Like it or not , leaders everywhere are now enfolded in an inescapable web .
But the reality is that neither the euro nor the yen is capable of soaking up China 's growing foreign-exchange reserves .
Countries with expanding economies would be better off using their new wealth to create ways of life that can be sustained beyond that inescapable point , rather than recklessly investing in a future that has no future .
Israel has lost its few capable leaders -- Sharon alongside Begin and Rabin - to assorted calamities .
It will not die any time soon : in the Israeli aviary both doves and hawks are capable phoenixes .
The Liberals , meanwhile , have a golden opportunity to show that they are capable of government , rather than simply flakey representatives of the `` None of the Above '' party .
All that is true . Yet the United States remains the world 's only superpower , the only nation that matters in every part of the globe , the only country capable of mobilizing international action to tackle global problems .
The fishing industry is , on its own , incapable of reversing the `` fishing down '' trend , notwithstanding arguments by commentators who should know better .
Syria , however , can not be ignored , since it is capable of undermining attempts at reaching an Israeli-Palestinian track or stabilizing Lebanon .
It is good to have a banking industry run by a diversity of canny financiers capable of recognizing and willing to fund innovative investment projects .
Now the US and Europe are in the process of building institutions capable of supporting -- and implementing -- sustained reform .
`` Dreams and Facts '' concludes with these stirring words : `` No man is liberated from fear who dare not see his place in the world as it is ; no man can achieve the greatness of which he is capable until he has allowed himself to see his own littleness . ''
We can reasonably disagree with MacAskill 's decision , but we should acknowledge that -- unless there is more going on than appears on the surface -- he was motivated by some of the finest values we are capable of exercising .
Fortunately , there is no sign yet -LRB- not even on the horizon -RRB- of a charismatic leader capable of forging the scattered energies of national-socialist grievances into a critical mass of hatred and `` national revival . ''
But if economists were confined to the ivory tower , we might be unbiased , but we would also be ignorant of practicalities -- and thus even less capable of predicting problems .
And , while Israel 's Arrow ballistic missile defenses , which now surround Dimona , may be superior to the Patriot system that failed in 1991 , Syria 's more advanced Scuds and Iran 's Shahab 3 rocket present a more capable challenge than Saddam 's projectiles .
Today , Chávez is the only one capable of controlling the government , the armed forces , the militias , the PSUV , and even the opposition .
While the manufacturing approach served China well for 30 years , its dependence on capital-intensive , labor-saving productivity enhancement makes it incapable of absorbing the country 's massive labor surplus .
We need to develop a framework for `` growth diagnostics '' capable of pinpointing where even a little reform can go a long way .
Under its capable managing director , Dominique Strauss-Kahn , the Fund has been one of the few official agencies ahead of -- instead of behind -- the curve . It moved quickly to establish a fast-disbursing emergency line of credit for countries with `` reasonable '' policies .
Under its capable managing director , Dominique Strauss-Kahn , and distinguished chief economist , Olivier Blanchard , it has been a voice for sanity on global fiscal stimulus in the midst of much cacophony .
No one knows where the 8 % figure really comes from , and many experts believe that China 's society and polity are capable of handling much lower growth .
Managers in such `` left '' societies are no less technically capable , but their organizational constraints , incentives , and goals are less pro-shareholder .
That was the 1990 's . Today , many traders see formerly inept state giants as financial geniuses , capable of taming complex financial formulas and exploiting their superior size and trading information to squeeze the life out of currency and interest rate markets .
Suddenly , the Fund has moved to center stage as the only agency seemingly capable of stemming the vicious downward spiral that is currently seizing emerging-market stocks and bonds .
But it 's futile to blame politicians and demand from them a morality of which they are incapable .
Appointing an Iraqi tribunal capable of generating some form of legal accountability for Saddam and his henchmen -- an idea that is gaining ground among Bremer 's staff , at least for Saddam Hussein if he is captured alive -- is unrealistic .
Turkey is thus capable of overcoming the dichotomies of East-West , Europe-Middle East , and North-South .
But , whereas Abbas appointed Salam Fayyad , a veteran economist who is respected in the West , as his new prime minister , he probably should have picked someone capable of being tough , organizing his forces , and fighting back .
As wildly different as the two cases are , Fatah resembles the French monarchy before the revolution , incapable of learning from experience or taking the steps needed to avoid its own downfall .
Still , the AKP can be satisfied that after five years in office its popular support has climbed , while the opposition has been shown to be incapable of challenging it seriously .
But poor countries are capable of establishing effective public health programs rapidly when they are helped .
The United States seems as capable of barbarism as anyone else , as the abuses at the Abu Ghraib prison make clear .
I am not saying that the US is more depraved than other countries . What I am saying is that human society , even in the twenty-first century , is capable of sliding into barbaric thinking and action , no matter the level of `` development . ''
Although he is capable of providing people with increased political and social freedoms , he is simply unwilling .
The politics of psychiatry are inescapable , which is why all societies must consider them with the greatest of seriousness .
The East Asian tigers invested heavily in education , and it paid off in terms of a capable and modern workforce .
Now consider the two regional engines , Japan and China . Japan 's sclerotic domestic economy makes it incapable of exerting regional leadership .
Trade serves as such a channel because nations with aging populations are economically powerful and so are capable of setting the terms on which they trade with poorer countries .
It is anxious to see a US-North Korea dialogue begin , one capable of alleviating the North 's anxieties about an American attack and America 's concerns about a renewed nuclear program .
Only smarter multinational and transatlantic cooperation will give us forces that are capable of dealing with today 's security challenges .
The outcome will have a major impact on whether China succeeds in becoming a nation capable of having truly constructive and durable relations with the outside world .
So the objective is not automatically `` more Europe , '' but rather a `` better Europe '' capable of acting effectively and more transparently in areas where collective action is clearly necessary .
So the birth and development of the welfare state reflects an inescapable fact : freedom and equality are both in tension and intimately linked , because both values are part and parcel of the democratic project .
This approach to Islamic texts -- coming from both secular and religiously oriented Muslims , as well as from non-Muslims with an interest in the subject -- calls into question the compatibility of Islam and democracy , and also whether Islam is capable with peace and moderation .
In the late 1980 's , Japan seemed capable of challenging America 's industrial leadership , but by the 1990 's it lost its competitive edge .
But neither the Kremlin 's power elite , the bureaucracy , nor the oligarchs seem capable of reforming themselves .
Of course , Putin has concentrated so much authority and control over the levers of power in his own hands that he appears capable of anything .
Ben Bernanke , the nominee to replace Alan Greenspan this month as Chairman of the US Federal Reserve Board , is a highly capable economist who has devoted his professional life to understanding the historical role of central banks and the problems that they have faced .
A basic fact is often forgotten : the modern construction industry is quite capable of building vast numbers of fine modern homes , including units in high-rise buildings , at costs far below the prices of homes in many urban areas today .
Who would have believed , after the last two elections , that the American public was capable of electing such a candidate ?
Some will find it grotesque to become a mother at an age when most women are grandmothers , but the more significant question is what kind of care such children will have if their parents die or become incapable of rearing them .
Although we are capable of deciding what to do on the basis of rational thought processes , such decisions often prove less powerful than our instinctive feelings in moving us to action .
Her recent book Do Fish Feel Pain ? shows that fish are not only capable of feeling pain , but also are a lot smarter than most people believe .
In 1993 , Paola Cavalieri and I founded The Great Ape Project , an organization dedicated to the idea of recognizing that great apes have a moral status befitting their nature as self-aware beings who are capable of thought and have rich and deep emotional lives .
No embryos are capable of suffering , or have hopes or desires for the future that are abruptly cut off by their death .
Forecasting models , based on `` normal distributions '' of risk over short slices of recent time , are notoriously incapable of capturing the real amount of risk in a political system .
The inescapable information deficit obstructs all those smoothly working adjustment mechanisms -- i.e. , flexible wages and flexible interest rates -- posited by mainstream economic theory .
Keynes thought that the chief implicit assumption underlying the classical theory of the economy was that of perfect knowledge . `` Risks , '' he wrote , `` were supposed to be capable of an exact actuarial computation .
The calculus of probability ... was supposed to be capable of reducing uncertainty to the same calculable status as certainty itself ... ''
Putin is the strong leader of a weak state , which , lacking a mobilizing or feedback mechanism , is incapable of carrying out a modernizing project .
Does its history and geography give it a distinctive Eurasian outlook capable of mediating a potential clash between Western and Eastern civilizations , or between Christianity and Islam ?
We must learn a new grammar of power in a world that is made up more of the common good -- or the common bad -- than of self-interest or national interest . These have n't disappeared , of course , but they are proving to be indefensible outside of a framework capable of addressing common threats and opportunities .
The premise is clear : as the crisis made more evident than ever , the interdependence of countries is inescapable .
Currently , the judiciary is incapable of trying a case of petty theft much less of ensuring human rights .
The persistence of civil wars , periodic failure of ceasefires and mediation efforts , and protagonists that are sometimes warlords and rapacious militias -- rather than states capable of making rational decisions -- all add to the difficulty of conflict resolution by diplomatic means and traditional peacekeeping .
Nevertheless , many were capable of at least some countercyclical measures without destabilizing their public finances .
The fact that Karzai is decent and well intentioned does not alleviate his problem , which he is incapable of addressing alone .
Countries , particularly in Europe , that are capable of standing up to the US must oppose it here .
On the contrary , it would make Europe a more influential and capable world power .
In a world of internal and external security threats , the EU will need a stronger executive capable of reacting quickly to unfolding events .
This will cause economic growth to slacken , complicating effective management of China 's domestic problems , which range from deep income disparities to the lack of political institutions capable of channeling popular grievances and demands .
Unfortunately , Japan 's public officials appear incapable of similar flexibility .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and recent statements by CIA Director George Tenet that North Korea possesses missiles capable of reaching the US West Coast undoubtedly shocked Americans out of their complacency over North Korea 's nuclear status .
Berlusconi 's center-right coalition won election in 2001 by claiming to be the sole political force capable of launching -- and completing -- an ambitious reform program .
One successful UNESCO initiative is the creation of multipurpose community telecenters throughout the developing world , providing communication and information facilities -- phone , fax , Internet , computers , audio-visual equipment -- for a wide range of community uses . India 's Unique Identification Number project , under the capable stewardship of information-technology pioneer Nandan Nilekani , will enable access to government , banking , and insurance services at the grass-roots level .
India confronts an inescapable fact of geopolitics : you can put your ideals on hold , but you can not change who your neighbors are .
Indeed , non-violence could only work against opponents vulnerable to a loss of moral authority -- that is , governments responsive to domestic and international public opinion , and thus capable of being shamed into conceding defeat .
Coming in the wake of India 's record margin of victory in the race for a non-permanent seat on the Security Council , this news confirms India 's standing in the world and the contribution it is capable of making on the Council .
All in all , India 's place on the Security Council offers an extraordinary opportunity , after two decades of absence from the global high table , to demonstrate to the world what it is capable of .
This Russia is neither capable , nor desirous of , full integration with the West .
Speaking recently at the Russian Academy of Science , he said that the Soviet economy was structurally incapable of using most of the technological secrets procured through KGB industrial espionage .
If suspicions are correct that Iran has been secretly learning how to build and trigger a nuclear device , and also to shape a missile cone to carry such a warhead -LRB- as well as publicly developing nuclear-capable , far-flying missiles -RRB- , then once it has fully mastered uranium enrichment it will soon be poised to break out at short notice , at a moment of its choosing , from the NPT 's limits .
No regime built on limitless self-delusion is capable of retaining a shred of legitimacy once the scale of its self-deception is exposed .
Within Ukraine , a government capable of truly governing should seek to adopt EU laws and norms in exactly the manner that the countries poised to join the Union have done , thus helping to clean up the murky system in which Kuchma 's criminal cronies flourish .
Even with the lower ceilings found in the New START Treaty , the US will maintain thousands of nuclear weapons , as well as the long-standing US `` strategic triad '' of intercontinental land-based and submarine-launched ballistic missiles and nuclear-capable bombers .
The idea was that Russia would protect NATO from attacking missiles traveling over its territory , with the expectation that the alliance would then forego developing defenses capable of engaging missiles over Russia .
The first order of business is to endorse a capable and dedicated new FSB chairman .
· proliferation of nuclear weapons technologies by one de facto nuclear-capable state ;
The US , for example , never developed a powerful body of factory inspectors capable of providing effective enforcement of public safety standards .
By contrast , immigrants in Western Europe were invited to fill low-status jobs , creating a built-in incentive for natives to see them and their children as a servant class , incapable of entering , let alone leading , the larger society .
As university attendance becomes more common , fewer capable young people enter vocational training .
It has also left them almost incapable of recognizing actual policy initiatives when they see them .
Individuals and peoples are capable of enduring difficulties if there is a sense that the future will be better and conflicts resolved . But a sudden backward regression can lead to despair , which we feel today .
What China needs most is a financial sector capable of harnessing the forces of liberalization and globalization to drive economic growth in the decades ahead .
Yet China 's leaders remain incapable of seeming to abandon the North , no matter how odious its behavior .
