Nowadays , when the EU concludes agreements with non-EU countries , it includes all sorts of stiff requirements in areas like human rights , non-proliferation , readmission of migrants , and terrorism .
As 2010 concludes , several outstanding issues continue to bedevil the country .
I recently co-authored a study -LRB- with Tim Dyson , Leela Visaria and others -RRB- that concludes , with modest optimism , that while India can manage its population growth , it also faces a number of major difficulties .
Our study concludes that India can have faster economic and industrial growth , higher rates of energy consumption , and a cleaner environment .
Each concludes that India can have a satisfactory water future .
Russia , Prokhorov concludes , is a feudal society , with Putin 's political monopoly and economic mismanagement exacerbating the so-called `` natural-resource curse '' that afflicts many oil-exporting countries .
The later Evangelist John concludes that because Jews deny the Christian Messiah they must be `` sons of the devil . ''
Middle East Modesty `` Ripeness is all , '' concludes Edgar in King Lear .
Jeff Aronson , a senior researcher at the Washington-based Foundation for Middle East Peace , concludes that Israeli leaders will continue to be able to fool their American counterparts on this issue .
Gore and others often argue that if the science of climate change concludes that CO2 emissions are harmful , it follows that we should stop those harmful emissions -- and that we are morally obliged to do so .
The report concludes bluntly , `` No Danish wind industry to speak of would exist if it had to compete on market terms . ''
In describing the success of the Toyota and Linux networks , the Boston Consulting Group concludes that the hard power of monetary carrots and accountability sticks motivates people to perform narrow , specified tasks , but that the soft power of admiration and applause are far more effective stimulants of extraordinary behavior .
One senior Asian statesman , an acute long-time observer of both the US and China , concludes that China will not surpass the US as the leading power of the twenty-first century because of America 's ability to attract the best and brightest from the rest of the world and meld them into a diverse culture of creativity .
`` Dreams and Facts '' concludes with these stirring words : `` No man is liberated from fear who dare not see his place in the world as it is ; no man can achieve the greatness of which he is capable until he has allowed himself to see his own littleness . ''
The Calvo study thus concludes that Bernanke 's debt deflation theory of the Great Depression does not generally apply to the more recent crises .
Here , Mayhew concludes that new derivative markets clearly increase the liquidity and quality of information in existing financial markets .
If this provision is adopted , Sinn concludes , there will soon be `` twenty Mezzogiornos in Europe . ''
That is `` six times the amount the US government spent to promote rule of law , democratic governance , and respect for fundamental human rights . '' The report concludes that `` the US military has acquired an oversized impact on US foreign policy in Central Asia . ''
Based partly on the European Environment Agency 's methodology , the study concludes that a redirection of port traffic to the southern European ports would reduce the CO2 emissions by almost 50 % .
`` China '' is much more than just a nation-state , Buruma concludes .
So by the time Italy 's six-month presidency of the EU concludes , the rude reception Berlusconi received at the European Parliament may find an echo at home .
But a growing body of research concludes that greed is not always good , and that moral values are a necessary element in the conduct of business .
Nevertheless , the AGF 's report concludes that reaching the goal of raising $ 100 billion a year by 2020 , while challenging , is feasible .
