Unless America accommodates North Korea 's demands for concluding a nonaggression treaty and ending `` hostile '' policies , Kim 's regime is likely to keep its nuclear weapons program as its most effective deterrent against any preemptive US attack -- something that the Bush administration , indeed , refuses to rule out .
Working on this assumption and given the case it had to solve , an EHCR panel of seven judges ruled against the plaintiffs in February 2006 , concluding that the law on special schools is not aimed specifically at Roma and does not apply only to them .
Either way , the true value of banks ' toxic assets must be estimated before concluding that banks are armed with sufficient capital to carry out their critical roles .
For the Syrians , the major objective in concluding peace with Israel is rapprochement with the US , but they will balk at the Americans ' demand that they stop flirting with terrorism as a precondition for talks .
E. B. Wilson , the proverbial giant of cell biology , had the last word , concluding in a brief paper following Rashevsky 's presentation that mathematics may be helpful in studying the growth of populations , but not individuals .
`` China is now in the stage of surging nationalism , and the trend is expected to continue in the future , '' the Council warned in its interim report , concluding that , `` Japan must take appropriate actions in response to each incident '' in which China attempts to `` gradually advance its defense line -LRB- ocean-ward -RRB- . ''
Ma had been tilting his government 's policies increasingly toward China , concluding a bilateral framework agreement on economic cooperation .
With post-invasion inspectors concluding that no WMD stockpiles existed , and intelligence agencies now convinced that the Iraq war 's net effect has been to boost al-Qaeda recruitment throughout the Islamic world , the Bush administration is understandably emphasizing the claim about democratization .
All of this occurred at the very moment a UN supported truth commission was concluding that the violence conducted under Ríos Montt 's rule constituted genocide against the Mayan people of Guatemala .
Before concluding that there is now a `` clear path '' to Kosovo 's independence , it is worth pondering the important questions that the Court did not answer -LRB- and was not asked by the General Assembly -RRB- .
Sharon formulated the answer in 2004 , concluding that Israel did not need the territories .
Since the G-20 's promise last year to move towards concluding the Doha Round of global trade negotiations , the EU has done nothing practical to achieve this goal .
A group of farsighted statesmen , inspired by the vision of a United States of Europe , recognized that this ideal could be approached only gradually , by setting limited objectives , mobilizing the political will needed to achieve them , and concluding treaties that required states to surrender only as much sovereignty as they could bear politically .
To be sure , the attempt by America 's new UN ambassador , John Bolton , to introduce hundreds of last-minute changes to the summit 's concluding declaration doomed the agreement -- perhaps deliberately -- to being less comprehensive and forceful than had been hoped .
After all , once Russia 's richest man can be stripped of his assets at any moment , ordinary Russian businessmen may be forgiven for concluding that operating in the open is risky .
In the summit 's joint declaration and the three leaders ' remarks at the concluding press conference , one can see China 's clear intention to improve bilateral relations with Japan by promising cooperation on the issue of Japanese imports that might be contaminated by radiation from Fukushima .
