If the poor remain poor , Americans conclude , it must be because they are lazy .
Domingo Cavallo , Menem 's economic guru , saw through all this , and concluded that the only way out was to reduce the size of government drastically .
It then concluded that Tetra Laval , from its strong dominant position in the carton container market , will probably pressure its current customers wishing to switch over to PET packaging to use equipment produced by Sidel when they make that switch .
China then simply threatened to abandon or never to conclude trade deals with these EU members .
The Customs Union concluded ten years ago allows free trade for all but agricultural goods .
Cunningly , Putin then strapped this apathy to the first shoots of post-Soviet economic growth in order to conclude a new social contract : he would raise living standards in exchange for ordinary Russians ' acceptance of severe limits on their constitutional rights and liberties .
The list could continue , but we already have reason enough to conclude that getting the best out of the new Treaty will be the best that the EU and its member states can do .
The most obvious risk is that the elections are not concluded or that Yushchenko is denied executive power .
Russia 's foreign policy is focused on the interests of its state-dominated corporations , notably Gazprom , which has concluded agreements with many foreign countries and companies for monopolistic deliveries .
As for the EU , the candidacies of Romania and Bulgaria need to be concluded successfully , together with the issue of Turkey 's membership aspirations .
Indeed , before announcing its decision , the Court felt it necessary to state that while it did not conclude that the Convention had been violated , statistics still revealed `` worrying figures , and the situation in general in the Czech Republic regarding Roma children 's education needs to be improved . ''
Other Tibetans may conclude that China 's government has relegated governance of their region to local satraps who have their own interests to pursue .
On the contrary , they suggest that suppressing fever may occasionally produce harmful effects , and conclude that widespread use of drugs to reduce fever should not be encouraged .
Israel recently became the first country to conclude an Individual Cooperation Program with NATO , through which it conducts an ongoing strategic dialogue with the Alliance covering a wide array of areas , including terrorism , intelligence sharing , nuclear proliferation , procurement and logistics , and rescue operations .
Both Hamas and Hezbollah are bound to conclude from Israel 's emotional collapse at the fate of one young soldier that its helplessness in dealing with psychological and sentimental dilemmas opens the way to its eventual strategic defeat .
Unfortunately , years will elapse before negotiations over EU membership will conclude and be ratified .
Many economists have concluded , however , that continual and deep labor-saving technological change , not trade with poor countries , is a principal culprit in the stagnation seen in rich-country wages nowadays .
Moreover , the G-20 leaders have continued to express the need to conclude the Doha Round of multilateral trade-liberalization negotiations .
The four governments will report at this year 's World Economic Forum in Davos on how to conclude Doha this year .
Negotiations for an association agreement between Ukraine and the EU , which includes far-reaching provisions for trade and regulatory integration , are well advanced , and could even be concluded this year .
Freedom House concluded earlier this year that , since Yanukovich came to power in 2010 , Ukraine `` has become less democratic and , if current trends are left unchecked , may head down a path toward autocracy and kleptocracy . '' But its assessment also noted that `` political and cultural diversity is a bulwark against any one force dominating political space throughout the country . ''
If a peace agreement is concluded before that choice is made , a 2018 World Cup jointly staged in Israel and Palestine would be a fantastic opportunity to consolidate the gains for both sides .
Nowadays , when the EU concludes agreements with non-EU countries , it includes all sorts of stiff requirements in areas like human rights , non-proliferation , readmission of migrants , and terrorism .
Having concluded a ten-year energy agreement with Iran , China is in a position to support the EU 's efforts to prevent nuclear proliferation , as the Union supports China 's efforts concerning North Korea .
But a careful look at the results of the Congress 's elections to Fatah 's Central Committee yields a picture that is quite different from what many will conclude about the meeting .
LAHORE -- Hillary Clinton 's just-concluded visit to Islamabad -- for the second session of the strategic dialogue that she and her Pakistani counterpart , Shah Mehmood Qureshi , launched in Washington earlier this year -- brought some comfort to her hosts .
As 2010 concludes , several outstanding issues continue to bedevil the country .
Moreover , several senior members of President Asif Ali Zardari 's government have concluded that the developments in Tunisia and Egypt could not be replicated in Pakistan .
But the vicious civil war that followed -- and has still not entirely concluded -- caused the violent deaths of up to 200,000 people .
I recently co-authored a study -LRB- with Tim Dyson , Leela Visaria and others -RRB- that concludes , with modest optimism , that while India can manage its population growth , it also faces a number of major difficulties .
Our study concludes that India can have faster economic and industrial growth , higher rates of energy consumption , and a cleaner environment .
Each concludes that India can have a satisfactory water future .
For those in the United States who have rightly concluded that the half-century trade embargo has proved counter-productive , this is an appealing halfway response that provides an alibi for moderation : one day , economic reforms will bring political change .
Second , it would seem highly risky to conclude that one speech by Chávez is tantamount to a fundamental affirmation of principle .
If the US , as its leaders clearly believe , will be threatened for years to come by terrorist groups , the latter will inevitably conclude , as millions have done before , that the easiest way into the US is through Latin America .
Brazil is similarly paralyzed , partly because of its presidential election campaign , which is currently in full swing and will conclude only at the end of the year , and partly because of recent diplomatic setbacks .
Adapting to the latest horror , we conclude - repeatedly , and despite all evidence to the contrary - that we have at last seen all that there is to see .
But Barack Obama 's administration apparently has concluded that Arab monarchs are likely to survive , whereas Arab presidents are more likely to fall , and that it is acceptable for the United States to continue to coddle tyrannical kings .
At the risk of offending many friends of a democratic persuasion , I have now concluded that the rule of law should come first when constitutionalism is brought to an ex-dictatorship , and democracy second .
Today 's Counter-Enlightenment Not long ago , one might have concluded that , at least in Europe , there were no taboos left .
The reader is obliged to conclude that regulators might not have been so dim after all .
Most developed countries have concluded that central-bank independence makes good sense .
This leaves just nine months to conclude one of the most complicated international negotiating processes in the world today .
For many industrialized countries , particularly the US , it will be very difficult to conclude an agreement unless their citizens see that major developing countries are also willing to engage further .
By 1982 , the situation had deteriorated to the point that the `` social partners '' in the Dutch tripartite system -LRB- government , business , and trade unions -RRB- concluded that combating the crisis required a break with the past .
So pervasive has the violence become that Ahmed Rashid , the renowned expert on the Taliban , has concluded that speeding up the peace process through dialogue with the insurgents is the only option .
He was , of course , right in his judgment that the only way to prevent any modern industrial war from becoming a destructive tragedy for all was to quickly conclude a ceasefire .
If financial markets lose that confidence -- if they conclude that the Fed is too much under the president 's thumb to wage the good fight against inflation , or if they conclude that the chairman does not wish to control inflation -- then the economic news is almost certain to be bad .
This is all the more disappointing , given that the region 's leaders declared more than a decade ago , during the first Summit of the Americas , held in Miami in December 1994 , that free-trade negotiations would be `` concluded no later than 2005 . ''
There is no reason , they conclude , why a change in the renminbi-dollar exchange rate should have a first-order impact on savings or investment in China , much less in the US .
There was no realistic alternative , I concluded , to a future in which the leading national currencies , the dollar and the euro , still dominated international transactions .
The defense treaties concluded recently by France and the United Kingdom appear to be a good example of what can be obtained through greater cooperation and integration -- even though it is a strictly bilateral affair with no direct links to either NATO or the European Union .
`` Every effort should be made to prevent changes in Eastern Europe from influencing China 's internal development , '' party officials concluded in March 1989 , and within months they violently crushed democratic protesters .
Russia , Prokhorov concludes , is a feudal society , with Putin 's political monopoly and economic mismanagement exacerbating the so-called `` natural-resource curse '' that afflicts many oil-exporting countries .
The Europe of the past began with the Schuman Plan , which sowed the seeds of today 's EU , and concluded when the Cold War ended .
When I add up all the key components , I conclude that the coming decade 's annual growth is likely to be about 1.9 % , roughly the same as the average rate over the past ten years .
But , despite this very tangible evidence , it would be wrong to conclude that US goods are now so cheap at the existing exchange rate that the dollar must rise from its current level .
The primary problem is that conditions in individual EMU members may develop in such different ways that some national political leaders could be tempted to conclude that their countries would be better served by adopting a mix of policies different from that of the other members .
Second , the disastrous US-led war in Iraq has led Iran 's leaders to conclude that the leading Western power has been weakened to the point that it is dependent on Iran 's goodwill , and that high oil prices have made the West all the more wary of a serious confrontation .
But one might conclude from the bizarre debates we engage in about climate change that what the world needs is a change in its political and psychological mood , rather than a profound social and economic transformation .
Moreover , the World Trade Organization 's Doha Round of global trade negotiations desperately needs to be concluded , and the EU has made a number of positive moves in this direction by proposing vast changes to its export subsidies regime .
The later Evangelist John concludes that because Jews deny the Christian Messiah they must be `` sons of the devil . ''
And , having run negative real interest rates , printed money , plowed in liquidity , and subsidized commercial banks , central bankers everywhere -- most recently US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke -- appear to have concluded that they , too , have reached the limit of what they can do .
Unable to conclude a global trade deal , climate-change agreement , growth pact , or changes in the financial regime , the world is likely to descend into a new protectionism of competitive devaluation , currency wars , trade restrictions , and capital controls .
This is the `` ob-gen '' argument , first put forth in a 1994 paper by Yiying Zhang and her colleagues on the genetics of obesity in mice , which concluded by extrapolating their findings to human beings .
Like the Clintons , the Kirchners knew from early on in their marriage that they wanted to reach the top , and the best way to do it , they concluded , was together .
Middle East Modesty `` Ripeness is all , '' concludes Edgar in King Lear .
Trade is something of a model here , insofar as bilateral and regional accords are filling the vacuum created by the failure to conclude a global trade round .
The article reviewed examples of how foreign investors have lost money in the US market and concluded , `` The outbreak of the latest crisis shows that the neo-conservative revolution launched in the 1980 's has already come to an end . ''
What does Iran 's just-concluded presidential election have in common with the recent French and Dutch referenda on the European Constitutional Treaty ?
Some of Iraq 's Sunni leaders might thus conclude that permanent armed opposition is their only viable strategy .
America wants to conclude as many free-trade agreements in the region as it can , while Brazil favors expanding its custom union , Mercosul\/Mercosur .
Consequently , many economists and politicians concluded that paper money could be more easily controlled and more stable .
Larry Summers , now the highly influential director of President Barack Obama 's National Economic Council , concluded as a young economist that `` financial and monetary shocks are less important sources of depression than we had suspected . ''
In 1987 , at the Louvre conference , there was not even any agreement about what had been concluded .
It is tempting to conclude that appointing a well-connected figure from an emerging-market economy could solve the problem .
It is easy to conclude that no one is in charge : not the national governments , and certainly not the ineffective European Commission in Brussels , with which the large member countries seem to be practically at war .
By the early 20th century , Germans had concluded that Russia 's faster demographic growth and rapid industrialization posed a military threat .
`` There is a large body of scientific evidence on the effectiveness of substitution treatment vis-à-vis HIV\/AIDS , '' concluded the World Health Organization , the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime , and the Joint United Nations Program on HIV\/AIDS in a 2004 policy brief .
At hospitals throughout the country , doctors concluded that there was nothing they could do .
The rhetoric from the Fund has been ambitious , including at the recently concluded annual meeting of its shareholders -- the world 's central banks and finance ministries -- in Washington .
So , within a few years , many countries concluded that their pegs could work fine if supported by large enough war chests of official reserves .
Issuing money in this situation would almost certainly be inflationary , but the Fed might conclude otherwise , because the US has never been in this situation before , credit is now imploding , and the desperate credit-expansion measures implemented in 2008 proved not to be as bad as the critics feared .
The Taliban in Pakistan , Hilaly concluded , have become an `` autonomous force beyond ... control . ''
In May , the Iranian , Turkish , and Brazilian leaders met in Tehran to conclude an agreement that would supposedly have Iran deposit 1,200 kilograms of lightly enriched uranium -LRB- LEU -RRB- in Turkey , which , in exchange , would send 120 kilograms of enriched fuel to be used in Iran 's research reactor .
Eight months later , a military committee investigating the case concluded that the plan was , indeed , drafted to damage and discredit the AKP and government .
One wonders if Pipes would accept the US military taking over the American government if it should ever unilaterally conclude that American politics had gone awry .
At considerable domestic political risk , Tymoshenko concluded a long-term gas transit and purchase agreement with Russia that is transparent and market-oriented , as well as a far-reaching agreement with the European Union , the World Bank , the EBRD , and the European Investment Bank on reform of Ukraine 's gas sector and gas-transit system .
And I urge all NPT parties to conclude their safeguards agreements with the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- , and voluntarily to adopt the strengthened safeguards under the Additional Protocol .
To Serbia 's credit , the Ministry made its policy decision knowing that the change would require belt-tightening elsewhere in its budget , but it took the action because it concluded that protecting human rights was more important than saving a few dinars .
Ten years later , Vietnam 's Communist rulers also concluded that Marxism-Leninism was an economic dead end , and decided to start down the same path of market reform that Deng had taken .
He apparently believed that , following the defeat that Obama absorbed in the mid-term elections , the US would lack the will to stand up to a fresh nuclear threat and would move to conclude a peace accord with his regime , thus perpetuating his dynasty . `` We are ready for both dialogue and war , '' Kim has declared .
Its just concluded sixth congress was held for the first time in the occupied territories , which meant that former guerrillas from Lebanon and Jordan were allowed entry by Israel .
Jeff Aronson , a senior researcher at the Washington-based Foundation for Middle East Peace , concludes that Israeli leaders will continue to be able to fool their American counterparts on this issue .
The decision by Hamas to join the political process by participating in the upcoming legislative elections shows that even this hardline Islamic movement has concluded that our conflict needs to be addressed by political rather than military means .
How this war is concluded will likely change the ways in which both Israel and the international community deal with the fundamental national aspirations of Arab peoples .
We concluded that there would be high benefits from providing micronutrients -- particularly vitamin A and zinc -- to undernourished children in South Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa . These help prevent neonatal death .
When Stalin offered Hitler his friendship in the spring of 1939 -- formally concluded that summer in the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact -- Nazi aggression was assured of not being knifed in the back from the East and so was left with free hands to do as Hitler pleased in the West .
Foreign observers are prone to associate the Bing Dian incident with other recent crackdowns on China 's mass media , and to conclude that Chinese journalism freedom is hopeless under the present autocratic regulation .
Consulting at an early stage would help manage misperceptions -- often fueled by reports in the media long before deals are concluded -- and thus strengthen convergence and unity among EU member states .
Hong Kong 's people may well conclude that they have no alternative but to use every occasion to protest chief executive Tung Chee-hwa 's unpopular government , making it even harder for him to govern .
The panel concluded that the least-effective use of resources would come from simply cutting CO2 emissions .
The expert panel concluded that investing in research and development into low-carbon energy would be a much sounder , more effective option -- an effort that both McCain and Obama support .
The climate threat is so great -- and democracies are doing so little about it -- that people conclude that maybe democracy is part of the problem , and that perhaps people ought not to be allowed to express heterodox opinions on such an important topic .
Gore and others often argue that if the science of climate change concludes that CO2 emissions are harmful , it follows that we should stop those harmful emissions -- and that we are morally obliged to do so .
Green and Galiana calculate the benefits -- from reduced warming and greater prosperity -- and conservatively conclude that for every dollar spent this approach would avoid about $ 11 of climate damage .
The report concludes bluntly , `` No Danish wind industry to speak of would exist if it had to compete on market terms . ''
You would have distilled from these agonized noises that the report concluded that global warming is worse than we had imagined , and that we need to take swift and strong action right now .
But a recent symposium at Oxford University concluded that emerging-market cities could improve and maintain urban health by capturing the inherent advantages of concentration , coordinating health policies and programs , adopting successful innovations , reforming health education and training , and developing improved planning processes .
The Group 's report this week concluded that raising $ 100 billion a year for developing countries is a feasible goal if the political will is there .
But the expert concluded that , despite the alarming number of missiles , they did not constitute a `` buildup . ''
The recently concluded elections , which pushed the Communists out of their dominant position in the Rada and sharply curtailed the power of the `` parties of power '' that surround President Kuchma , pushed our provincial radicals to the fringes of our politics .
Norway , a country that has a reputation to lose when it comes to women 's rights , carefully compared the Swedish and Dutch models and concluded that Sweden 's was the one to follow .
The last landmark in the Franco-German partnership was the Treaty of Maastricht , concluded in 1991 .
The German-Soviet non-aggression treaty , the so-called Hitler-Stalin pact , concluded in August 1939 , had been supplemented by a secret appendix dividing the border states Finland , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Poland and Romania into spheres of interest for the two parties .
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Poland 's communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the country 's economic troubles were too grim to face alone .
However , the study can not conclude that long work hours cause cardiac disease .
Historians of Europe will probably one day conclude that it is the Holocaust and Europe 's relations with its Jews that paved the way for the opening of this process of repentance .
And it has concluded that centuries of slavery amount to the equivalent of the Holocaust .
But some candidates will not be able to conclude negotiations this year . A special effort should be made in order to strengthen their prospects .
The International Monetary Fund 's Mission Report of March 2009 , pointing to the country 's 30 years of chronic political tumult , concluded that `` Lebanon will remain vulnerable to shocks for many years '' to come .
China 's U-Turn BEIJING -- Hope and danger collided at the recently concluded National People 's Congress in Beijing .
At about the same time , the Chinese scholar Yen Fu -- whose translations of Adam Smith , John Stuart Mill , Herbert Spencer , and Montesquieu were read even by the young Mao -- also concluded that filial piety fostered habits of disciplined subordination to authority that could be applied to the factory and the polity .
If the West is perceived to be attempting to maintain the leadership it snatched 200 years ago by industrializing first , thereby denying the post-Confucians the fruits of their dynamism permanently , the Chinese , in particular , will conclude that pluralism is eyewash and that the West 's worldview in fact replicates their traditional one .
Violence only receded in 2003 , when the main rebel group , the Forces pour la défense de la démocratie -LRB- FDD -RRB- , concluded a political and military accord with the government .
Nevertheless , we can still conclude from the Iraqi experience that while the development of democracy can be aided from outside , it can not easily be imposed by force .
In describing the success of the Toyota and Linux networks , the Boston Consulting Group concludes that the hard power of monetary carrots and accountability sticks motivates people to perform narrow , specified tasks , but that the soft power of admiration and applause are far more effective stimulants of extraordinary behavior .
In 1918 , a flu pandemic caused by a bird virus killed some 40 million people around the world , far more than the recently concluded world war .
As an editorial in The Economist recently concluded , `` America 's political system was designed to make legislation at the federal level difficult , not easy .
One senior Asian statesman , an acute long-time observer of both the US and China , concludes that China will not surpass the US as the leading power of the twenty-first century because of America 's ability to attract the best and brightest from the rest of the world and meld them into a diverse culture of creativity .
As the writer Robert Kagan concluded in the revision of his book in which he declared Europeans to be from Venus and Americans from Mars , it turns out that Americans seeking democratic legitimization of their policies and self-images can not escape Europe .
Many Chinese mistakenly concluded that this represented a shift in the balance of global power , and that the US was in decline .
Such melodrama abounded from November 2009 , when ailing President Umaru Yar ` Adua was flown out of the country for treatment , until the just-concluded general elections , Nigeria 's fourth since military rule ended in 1999 .
Perhaps Nigeria 's just-concluded elections gained for it a small slice of that better future .
But impeachment proceedings are not likely to be concluded before Obasanjo quits on May 29 .
With so much to disagree about and no significant agreements ready to be concluded in Astana , this looks like a case of summitry for summitry 's sake .
Many people point to the fact that few Muslim societies are democratic and conclude that Islam must be inherently undemocratic .
Likewise , the Shanghai Cooperation Organization -LRB- SCO -RRB- , which just concluded its annual meeting , is in China 's eyes a tool of regional policy that helps strengthen China 's influence and control over Central Asia 's natural resources at the expense of Russia .
To pose these questions is to conclude that there is no practical alternative to a European FSA with the sole authority to supervise multinational financial institutions , including all their subsidiaries and branches within the EU and globally .
`` Dreams and Facts '' concludes with these stirring words : `` No man is liberated from fear who dare not see his place in the world as it is ; no man can achieve the greatness of which he is capable until he has allowed himself to see his own littleness . ''
More significant is the IAEA 's failure to overcome resistance to conclude comprehensive safeguard agreements .
The evidence suggests that while the pact 's dikes have largely held , serious leaks have developed , prompting nuclear vigilantes to apply force when they have concluded that diplomacy would fail to halt the Bomb 's spread .
That should stand as a warning to Timor Leste 's clashing factions , lest any of them conclude that repression and dictatorship are the best solution .
Now we are ready to conclude negotiations with the first new Member States .
Yet it is deceptive to conclude from this that growth raises the incomes of the poor '' . . by about as much as it raises the incomes of everybody else . ''
Geneticists then performed genetic fingerprinting on the yellow beans , and concluded that Proctor 's Enola bean was identical to the Mexican beans covered by the Trust Agreement .
People close to Annan say that he hoped to build on these successes during the UN 's recently concluded summit .
But it takes a huge leap of faith to conclude from this that one ca n't go wrong by deregulating , privatizing , and opening domestic markets as much as possible .
The best that can be said is that Europe will no longer be able to delay making the choice that the Greek affair has laid bare . If you are an optimist , you might even conclude that Europe will therefore ultimately emerge stronger .
Still , even if other world leaders conclude that they can not support numerical targets , they must recognize the pain that the US is suffering in the name of free trade .
Writing in the nineteenth century , Karl Marx famously observed inequality trends in his day and concluded that capitalism could not indefinitely sustain itself politically .
Another possibility is that the Europeans concluded that an FTT 's political advantages outweigh its economic flaws .
Worse , litigation in the Philippines takes at least five years on average to be concluded .
American security analyst Charles Kupchan raised a pertinent question when he asked whether Russia should eventually join the Atlantic alliance , pointing out that the settlements concluded after the Napoleonic wars and World War II show that alliances between former adversaries can be critical to the consolidation of great-power peace .
If developing countries are left to their own devices , they will conclude that they should self-insure by rebuilding foreign-exchange reserves to even higher levels , a strategy that has clearly hurt global growth .
They have merely concluded that politics will not bring miracles , and that the most they can expect is to keep external threats to a minimum .
This leads to a `` chilling effect '' among those serving in the military public affairs field , who conclude that there is no tolerance for innovation .
Although no official announcement has been made , there are reports that Daniel Bellemare , the prosecutor for the Special Tribunal for Lebanon , might conclude his investigation and issue indictments in the fall .
While our presence in Kosovo remains unchanged , the much improved security situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina allows us to conclude our successful SFOR mission there by the end of this year .
Watanabe tells us that the Committee concluded that , `` not only high-ranking government leaders , general , and admirals should shoulder the blame . '' According to the Committee , `` field officers were often more influential than even the Emperor , war ministers , and chiefs-of-staffs in making decisions to go to and escalate the wars , and were responsible for many atrocities . ''
`` Our Party must address the mistakes it has made , '' he concluded unambiguously .
The Calvo study thus concludes that Bernanke 's debt deflation theory of the Great Depression does not generally apply to the more recent crises .
Merton concluded : `` It appears that the cosmopolitan influential has a following because he knows , the local influential because he understands . ''
In fact , some statistical analyses of the correlation between inequality and social conflict conclude that there may even be an inverse relationship : societies that are more unequal tend to show less conflict , because the rich are better able to control the poor .
Mayhew concluded that it is rather difficult to tell whether derivative markets worsen financial-market volatility , because their creation tends to come when existing financial markets already are more volatile , or can be predicted to become so .
Here , Mayhew concludes that new derivative markets clearly increase the liquidity and quality of information in existing financial markets .
If this provision is adopted , Sinn concludes , there will soon be `` twenty Mezzogiornos in Europe . ''
-LRB- A subsequent study by PIMCO bond traders Gang Hu and Mihir Worah concluded that this was linked to technical and institutional factors concerning the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy . -RRB-
That is `` six times the amount the US government spent to promote rule of law , democratic governance , and respect for fundamental human rights . '' The report concludes that `` the US military has acquired an oversized impact on US foreign policy in Central Asia . ''
Even those who dislike him sometimes conclude that he is the best all the possible options , and he has improved his position by persistently weeding out Chechen military forces that are not directly under his command .
Frum thought this a bit pedantic , but concluded that it was emblematic of the President 's character and that `` the country could trust the Bush administration not to cheat and not to lie . ''
Last year , a scientific panel to the European Union concluded that the preponderance of the evidence indicates that fish do feel pain .
A subsequent UN inquiry concluded that as few as 2,500 properly trained military personnel could have prevented the massacre of 800,000 Tutsis .
With the privatization of Germany 's railway , which will shortly be concluded with its listing on the stock market , these civil servants will disappear .
A draft report by American intelligence agencies has also concluded that Afghanistan is in a `` downward spiral '' and casts serious doubt on the Afghan government 's ability to stem the Taliban 's resurgence .
LONDON -- The just concluded G-20 meeting in Seoul broke up without agreement on either currencies or trade .
Last year , the Union concluded two Europol agreements , as well as an Extradition and Mutual Legal Assistance Agreement .
Based partly on the European Environment Agency 's methodology , the study concludes that a redirection of port traffic to the southern European ports would reduce the CO2 emissions by almost 50 % .
With just-concluded parliamentary elections , and a new constitution to be approved , Turkey is approaching an epochal moment .
Based on new theory and experience , we may eventually conclude that policy responses to systemic risk are impossible to devise , and that the costs of the AWF errors are higher than the RWT errors .
Reading the press of late , you might conclude that all Harmid Karzai , Afghanistan 's chief , needs to pacify his country is an expanded international peacekeeping presence and faster delivery of aid .
`` China '' is much more than just a nation-state , Buruma concludes .
As Strauss-Kahn concluded in his speech to the Brookings Institution shortly before the Fund 's recent meeting : `` Ultimately , employment and equity are building blocks of economic stability and prosperity , of political stability and peace .
After reviewing the evidence , it concluded that the case for going to war had not been made , while the risk of turmoil -- about which most experts in the region warned -- almost certainly weighed on the deliberations .
Indeed , I have complained so loudly and vociferously about the problems of globalization that many have wrongly concluded that I belong to the anti-globalization movement .
Some policymakers have concluded from Phelps ' analysis that the unemployment rate can not be lowered permanently without ever-increasing levels of inflation .
But it is a misuse of that analysis to conclude that nothing can be done about unemployment , or that monetary authorities should focus exclusively on inflation .
They have been a persistent thorn in the side of successive British governments , but at long last Prime Minister David Cameron 's coalition government seems to be seeking to conclude this matter in a fair , humane , and just way .
So by the time Italy 's six-month presidency of the EU concludes , the rude reception Berlusconi received at the European Parliament may find an echo at home .
After decades of autocracy , this vast archipelago of a country just concluded a presidential election that has solidified its transition to democracy .
While many analysts in a wide variety of nations , especially in Europe , have concluded that such an event could not occur there in the foreseeable future , India is an exception .
The numbers involved are so huge that the elections will be staggered over five phases , ending only on May 13 , with electoral and security personnel being moved from state to state as polling is concluded in each place .
In 2009 , Thomas Frieden and colleagues from the New York City Board of Health reviewed the registry 's first four years of operation and concluded that it was performing well .
It noted that `` borrowers at risk of significant mortgage payment increases remained a small minority , concentrated mostly among higher-income households that were aware of the attendant risks , '' and concluded that `` indications are that credit and risk allocation mechanisms in the U.S. housing market have remained relatively efficient . ''
Saddam will cooperate with UN inspectors only as long as the American threat remains , and the US may conclude that it can not afford that .
It is still too soon , however , to conclude that Europeans have finally overcome their fear of Arab democracy and will not be tempted to accept milder forms of `` liberal authoritarianism '' should the crisis drag on or a military takeover occur .
The joint missile-threat assessments that the Russian government recently concluded with NATO and the US revealed much overlap among the participating technical experts , but some fundamental differences between the policy strategists .
These negotiations might address many of the issues set aside in the rush to conclude the New START Treaty .
When China 's National People 's Congress -LRB- NPC -RRB- concluded its annual meeting recently , it voted to enshrine protection of human rights and private property in the constitution .
A recent study by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences concluded that China 's urban-rural income gap is the worst on earth , maybe only slightly better than Zimbabwe .
Two recent studies concluded that buckyballs could impair brain functions in fish and were highly toxic to human-tissue cultures .
We concluded that the US must ensure that its policies do not inadvertently support or encourage authoritarian and corrupt elements in Burmese society .
The move came one week after the IMF concluded its annual Article IV visit to Switzerland , and the report has yet to be released ; it could make for unusually interesting reading .
At the recently concluded 11th People 's National Congress , the word heard most often in policy discussions was `` happiness , '' which had suddenly replaced `` economic growth '' as the official mantra .
Finally , the US now appears to have concluded that Saleh 's regime can not be revived .
Of course , they invariably conclude that their actions were right and lawful .
HAIFA -- The celebrations in Israel over the release of the kidnapped soldier Gilad Shalit come after the Israeli government concluded that diplomatic rarity , an agreement with Hamas .
But a growing body of research concludes that greed is not always good , and that moral values are a necessary element in the conduct of business .
Nevertheless , the AGF 's report concludes that reaching the goal of raising $ 100 billion a year by 2020 , while challenging , is feasible .
Indeed , the government 's key economic committee , the Central Work Committee , has concluded that after years of `` high growth and low inflation , '' China is on a route to `` high growth with high inflation . ''
CHICAGO -- In trying to understand the pattern and timing of government interventions during a financial crisis , we should probably conclude that , to paraphrase the French philosopher Blaise Pascal , politics have incentives that economics can not understand .
