Domingo Cavallo , Menem 's economic guru , saw through all this , and concluded that the only way out was to reduce the size of government drastically .
It then concluded that Tetra Laval , from its strong dominant position in the carton container market , will probably pressure its current customers wishing to switch over to PET packaging to use equipment produced by Sidel when they make that switch .
The Customs Union concluded ten years ago allows free trade for all but agricultural goods .
The most obvious risk is that the elections are not concluded or that Yushchenko is denied executive power .
Russia 's foreign policy is focused on the interests of its state-dominated corporations , notably Gazprom , which has concluded agreements with many foreign countries and companies for monopolistic deliveries .
As for the EU , the candidacies of Romania and Bulgaria need to be concluded successfully , together with the issue of Turkey 's membership aspirations .
Many economists have concluded , however , that continual and deep labor-saving technological change , not trade with poor countries , is a principal culprit in the stagnation seen in rich-country wages nowadays .
Negotiations for an association agreement between Ukraine and the EU , which includes far-reaching provisions for trade and regulatory integration , are well advanced , and could even be concluded this year .
Freedom House concluded earlier this year that , since Yanukovich came to power in 2010 , Ukraine `` has become less democratic and , if current trends are left unchecked , may head down a path toward autocracy and kleptocracy . '' But its assessment also noted that `` political and cultural diversity is a bulwark against any one force dominating political space throughout the country . ''
If a peace agreement is concluded before that choice is made , a 2018 World Cup jointly staged in Israel and Palestine would be a fantastic opportunity to consolidate the gains for both sides .
Having concluded a ten-year energy agreement with Iran , China is in a position to support the EU 's efforts to prevent nuclear proliferation , as the Union supports China 's efforts concerning North Korea .
LAHORE -- Hillary Clinton 's just-concluded visit to Islamabad -- for the second session of the strategic dialogue that she and her Pakistani counterpart , Shah Mehmood Qureshi , launched in Washington earlier this year -- brought some comfort to her hosts .
Moreover , several senior members of President Asif Ali Zardari 's government have concluded that the developments in Tunisia and Egypt could not be replicated in Pakistan .
But the vicious civil war that followed -- and has still not entirely concluded -- caused the violent deaths of up to 200,000 people .
For those in the United States who have rightly concluded that the half-century trade embargo has proved counter-productive , this is an appealing halfway response that provides an alibi for moderation : one day , economic reforms will bring political change .
But Barack Obama 's administration apparently has concluded that Arab monarchs are likely to survive , whereas Arab presidents are more likely to fall , and that it is acceptable for the United States to continue to coddle tyrannical kings .
At the risk of offending many friends of a democratic persuasion , I have now concluded that the rule of law should come first when constitutionalism is brought to an ex-dictatorship , and democracy second .
Today 's Counter-Enlightenment Not long ago , one might have concluded that , at least in Europe , there were no taboos left .
Most developed countries have concluded that central-bank independence makes good sense .
By 1982 , the situation had deteriorated to the point that the `` social partners '' in the Dutch tripartite system -LRB- government , business , and trade unions -RRB- concluded that combating the crisis required a break with the past .
So pervasive has the violence become that Ahmed Rashid , the renowned expert on the Taliban , has concluded that speeding up the peace process through dialogue with the insurgents is the only option .
This is all the more disappointing , given that the region 's leaders declared more than a decade ago , during the first Summit of the Americas , held in Miami in December 1994 , that free-trade negotiations would be `` concluded no later than 2005 . ''
There was no realistic alternative , I concluded , to a future in which the leading national currencies , the dollar and the euro , still dominated international transactions .
The defense treaties concluded recently by France and the United Kingdom appear to be a good example of what can be obtained through greater cooperation and integration -- even though it is a strictly bilateral affair with no direct links to either NATO or the European Union .
`` Every effort should be made to prevent changes in Eastern Europe from influencing China 's internal development , '' party officials concluded in March 1989 , and within months they violently crushed democratic protesters .
The Europe of the past began with the Schuman Plan , which sowed the seeds of today 's EU , and concluded when the Cold War ended .
Moreover , the World Trade Organization 's Doha Round of global trade negotiations desperately needs to be concluded , and the EU has made a number of positive moves in this direction by proposing vast changes to its export subsidies regime .
And , having run negative real interest rates , printed money , plowed in liquidity , and subsidized commercial banks , central bankers everywhere -- most recently US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke -- appear to have concluded that they , too , have reached the limit of what they can do .
This is the `` ob-gen '' argument , first put forth in a 1994 paper by Yiying Zhang and her colleagues on the genetics of obesity in mice , which concluded by extrapolating their findings to human beings .
Like the Clintons , the Kirchners knew from early on in their marriage that they wanted to reach the top , and the best way to do it , they concluded , was together .
The article reviewed examples of how foreign investors have lost money in the US market and concluded , `` The outbreak of the latest crisis shows that the neo-conservative revolution launched in the 1980 's has already come to an end . ''
What does Iran 's just-concluded presidential election have in common with the recent French and Dutch referenda on the European Constitutional Treaty ?
Consequently , many economists and politicians concluded that paper money could be more easily controlled and more stable .
Larry Summers , now the highly influential director of President Barack Obama 's National Economic Council , concluded as a young economist that `` financial and monetary shocks are less important sources of depression than we had suspected . ''
In 1987 , at the Louvre conference , there was not even any agreement about what had been concluded .
By the early 20th century , Germans had concluded that Russia 's faster demographic growth and rapid industrialization posed a military threat .
`` There is a large body of scientific evidence on the effectiveness of substitution treatment vis-à-vis HIV\/AIDS , '' concluded the World Health Organization , the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime , and the Joint United Nations Program on HIV\/AIDS in a 2004 policy brief .
At hospitals throughout the country , doctors concluded that there was nothing they could do .
The rhetoric from the Fund has been ambitious , including at the recently concluded annual meeting of its shareholders -- the world 's central banks and finance ministries -- in Washington .
So , within a few years , many countries concluded that their pegs could work fine if supported by large enough war chests of official reserves .
The Taliban in Pakistan , Hilaly concluded , have become an `` autonomous force beyond ... control . ''
Eight months later , a military committee investigating the case concluded that the plan was , indeed , drafted to damage and discredit the AKP and government .
At considerable domestic political risk , Tymoshenko concluded a long-term gas transit and purchase agreement with Russia that is transparent and market-oriented , as well as a far-reaching agreement with the European Union , the World Bank , the EBRD , and the European Investment Bank on reform of Ukraine 's gas sector and gas-transit system .
To Serbia 's credit , the Ministry made its policy decision knowing that the change would require belt-tightening elsewhere in its budget , but it took the action because it concluded that protecting human rights was more important than saving a few dinars .
Ten years later , Vietnam 's Communist rulers also concluded that Marxism-Leninism was an economic dead end , and decided to start down the same path of market reform that Deng had taken .
Its just concluded sixth congress was held for the first time in the occupied territories , which meant that former guerrillas from Lebanon and Jordan were allowed entry by Israel .
The decision by Hamas to join the political process by participating in the upcoming legislative elections shows that even this hardline Islamic movement has concluded that our conflict needs to be addressed by political rather than military means .
How this war is concluded will likely change the ways in which both Israel and the international community deal with the fundamental national aspirations of Arab peoples .
We concluded that there would be high benefits from providing micronutrients -- particularly vitamin A and zinc -- to undernourished children in South Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa . These help prevent neonatal death .
When Stalin offered Hitler his friendship in the spring of 1939 -- formally concluded that summer in the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact -- Nazi aggression was assured of not being knifed in the back from the East and so was left with free hands to do as Hitler pleased in the West .
Consulting at an early stage would help manage misperceptions -- often fueled by reports in the media long before deals are concluded -- and thus strengthen convergence and unity among EU member states .
The panel concluded that the least-effective use of resources would come from simply cutting CO2 emissions .
The expert panel concluded that investing in research and development into low-carbon energy would be a much sounder , more effective option -- an effort that both McCain and Obama support .
You would have distilled from these agonized noises that the report concluded that global warming is worse than we had imagined , and that we need to take swift and strong action right now .
But a recent symposium at Oxford University concluded that emerging-market cities could improve and maintain urban health by capturing the inherent advantages of concentration , coordinating health policies and programs , adopting successful innovations , reforming health education and training , and developing improved planning processes .
The Group 's report this week concluded that raising $ 100 billion a year for developing countries is a feasible goal if the political will is there .
But the expert concluded that , despite the alarming number of missiles , they did not constitute a `` buildup . ''
The recently concluded elections , which pushed the Communists out of their dominant position in the Rada and sharply curtailed the power of the `` parties of power '' that surround President Kuchma , pushed our provincial radicals to the fringes of our politics .
Norway , a country that has a reputation to lose when it comes to women 's rights , carefully compared the Swedish and Dutch models and concluded that Sweden 's was the one to follow .
The last landmark in the Franco-German partnership was the Treaty of Maastricht , concluded in 1991 .
The German-Soviet non-aggression treaty , the so-called Hitler-Stalin pact , concluded in August 1939 , had been supplemented by a secret appendix dividing the border states Finland , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Poland and Romania into spheres of interest for the two parties .
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Poland 's communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the country 's economic troubles were too grim to face alone .
And it has concluded that centuries of slavery amount to the equivalent of the Holocaust .
The International Monetary Fund 's Mission Report of March 2009 , pointing to the country 's 30 years of chronic political tumult , concluded that `` Lebanon will remain vulnerable to shocks for many years '' to come .
China 's U-Turn BEIJING -- Hope and danger collided at the recently concluded National People 's Congress in Beijing .
At about the same time , the Chinese scholar Yen Fu -- whose translations of Adam Smith , John Stuart Mill , Herbert Spencer , and Montesquieu were read even by the young Mao -- also concluded that filial piety fostered habits of disciplined subordination to authority that could be applied to the factory and the polity .
Violence only receded in 2003 , when the main rebel group , the Forces pour la défense de la démocratie -LRB- FDD -RRB- , concluded a political and military accord with the government .
In 1918 , a flu pandemic caused by a bird virus killed some 40 million people around the world , far more than the recently concluded world war .
As an editorial in The Economist recently concluded , `` America 's political system was designed to make legislation at the federal level difficult , not easy .
As the writer Robert Kagan concluded in the revision of his book in which he declared Europeans to be from Venus and Americans from Mars , it turns out that Americans seeking democratic legitimization of their policies and self-images can not escape Europe .
Many Chinese mistakenly concluded that this represented a shift in the balance of global power , and that the US was in decline .
Such melodrama abounded from November 2009 , when ailing President Umaru Yar ` Adua was flown out of the country for treatment , until the just-concluded general elections , Nigeria 's fourth since military rule ended in 1999 .
Perhaps Nigeria 's just-concluded elections gained for it a small slice of that better future .
But impeachment proceedings are not likely to be concluded before Obasanjo quits on May 29 .
With so much to disagree about and no significant agreements ready to be concluded in Astana , this looks like a case of summitry for summitry 's sake .
Likewise , the Shanghai Cooperation Organization -LRB- SCO -RRB- , which just concluded its annual meeting , is in China 's eyes a tool of regional policy that helps strengthen China 's influence and control over Central Asia 's natural resources at the expense of Russia .
The evidence suggests that while the pact 's dikes have largely held , serious leaks have developed , prompting nuclear vigilantes to apply force when they have concluded that diplomacy would fail to halt the Bomb 's spread .
Geneticists then performed genetic fingerprinting on the yellow beans , and concluded that Proctor 's Enola bean was identical to the Mexican beans covered by the Trust Agreement .
People close to Annan say that he hoped to build on these successes during the UN 's recently concluded summit .
Writing in the nineteenth century , Karl Marx famously observed inequality trends in his day and concluded that capitalism could not indefinitely sustain itself politically .
Another possibility is that the Europeans concluded that an FTT 's political advantages outweigh its economic flaws .
Worse , litigation in the Philippines takes at least five years on average to be concluded .
American security analyst Charles Kupchan raised a pertinent question when he asked whether Russia should eventually join the Atlantic alliance , pointing out that the settlements concluded after the Napoleonic wars and World War II show that alliances between former adversaries can be critical to the consolidation of great-power peace .
They have merely concluded that politics will not bring miracles , and that the most they can expect is to keep external threats to a minimum .
Watanabe tells us that the Committee concluded that , `` not only high-ranking government leaders , general , and admirals should shoulder the blame . '' According to the Committee , `` field officers were often more influential than even the Emperor , war ministers , and chiefs-of-staffs in making decisions to go to and escalate the wars , and were responsible for many atrocities . ''
`` Our Party must address the mistakes it has made , '' he concluded unambiguously .
Merton concluded : `` It appears that the cosmopolitan influential has a following because he knows , the local influential because he understands . ''
Mayhew concluded that it is rather difficult to tell whether derivative markets worsen financial-market volatility , because their creation tends to come when existing financial markets already are more volatile , or can be predicted to become so .
-LRB- A subsequent study by PIMCO bond traders Gang Hu and Mihir Worah concluded that this was linked to technical and institutional factors concerning the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy . -RRB-
Frum thought this a bit pedantic , but concluded that it was emblematic of the President 's character and that `` the country could trust the Bush administration not to cheat and not to lie . ''
Last year , a scientific panel to the European Union concluded that the preponderance of the evidence indicates that fish do feel pain .
A subsequent UN inquiry concluded that as few as 2,500 properly trained military personnel could have prevented the massacre of 800,000 Tutsis .
With the privatization of Germany 's railway , which will shortly be concluded with its listing on the stock market , these civil servants will disappear .
A draft report by American intelligence agencies has also concluded that Afghanistan is in a `` downward spiral '' and casts serious doubt on the Afghan government 's ability to stem the Taliban 's resurgence .
LONDON -- The just concluded G-20 meeting in Seoul broke up without agreement on either currencies or trade .
Last year , the Union concluded two Europol agreements , as well as an Extradition and Mutual Legal Assistance Agreement .
With just-concluded parliamentary elections , and a new constitution to be approved , Turkey is approaching an epochal moment .
As Strauss-Kahn concluded in his speech to the Brookings Institution shortly before the Fund 's recent meeting : `` Ultimately , employment and equity are building blocks of economic stability and prosperity , of political stability and peace .
After reviewing the evidence , it concluded that the case for going to war had not been made , while the risk of turmoil -- about which most experts in the region warned -- almost certainly weighed on the deliberations .
Indeed , I have complained so loudly and vociferously about the problems of globalization that many have wrongly concluded that I belong to the anti-globalization movement .
Some policymakers have concluded from Phelps ' analysis that the unemployment rate can not be lowered permanently without ever-increasing levels of inflation .
After decades of autocracy , this vast archipelago of a country just concluded a presidential election that has solidified its transition to democracy .
While many analysts in a wide variety of nations , especially in Europe , have concluded that such an event could not occur there in the foreseeable future , India is an exception .
The numbers involved are so huge that the elections will be staggered over five phases , ending only on May 13 , with electoral and security personnel being moved from state to state as polling is concluded in each place .
In 2009 , Thomas Frieden and colleagues from the New York City Board of Health reviewed the registry 's first four years of operation and concluded that it was performing well .
It noted that `` borrowers at risk of significant mortgage payment increases remained a small minority , concentrated mostly among higher-income households that were aware of the attendant risks , '' and concluded that `` indications are that credit and risk allocation mechanisms in the U.S. housing market have remained relatively efficient . ''
The joint missile-threat assessments that the Russian government recently concluded with NATO and the US revealed much overlap among the participating technical experts , but some fundamental differences between the policy strategists .
When China 's National People 's Congress -LRB- NPC -RRB- concluded its annual meeting recently , it voted to enshrine protection of human rights and private property in the constitution .
A recent study by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences concluded that China 's urban-rural income gap is the worst on earth , maybe only slightly better than Zimbabwe .
Two recent studies concluded that buckyballs could impair brain functions in fish and were highly toxic to human-tissue cultures .
We concluded that the US must ensure that its policies do not inadvertently support or encourage authoritarian and corrupt elements in Burmese society .
The move came one week after the IMF concluded its annual Article IV visit to Switzerland , and the report has yet to be released ; it could make for unusually interesting reading .
At the recently concluded 11th People 's National Congress , the word heard most often in policy discussions was `` happiness , '' which had suddenly replaced `` economic growth '' as the official mantra .
Finally , the US now appears to have concluded that Saleh 's regime can not be revived .
HAIFA -- The celebrations in Israel over the release of the kidnapped soldier Gilad Shalit come after the Israeli government concluded that diplomatic rarity , an agreement with Hamas .
Indeed , the government 's key economic committee , the Central Work Committee , has concluded that after years of `` high growth and low inflation , '' China is on a route to `` high growth with high inflation . ''
