The story gets more complicated when one considers the UN inquiry into the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafiq al-Hariri .
The group now considers these legitimate targets .
The Ecumenical Patriarch himself acknowledged in a recent interview that the AKP has shown goodwill on this issue . His All Holiness also said that the real obstacle is probably `` the deep state '' -- a reference to Turkey 's Kemalist state establishment that considers itself above any elected government and democratic law .
But this does not mean that a Taliban victory or an Afghan crisis that spirals out of control is no threat to the Kremlin 's standing in Central Asia , a region it considers its strategic backyard .
In his public speeches , Casper more than once suggested that the Vatican considers Christian unification its main goal , and -- most important from the Orthodox perspective -- that `` unity does not have to mean sameness . ''
And the challenge of ensuring adequate surveillance appears insurmountable when one considers that polio can suddenly reappear out of the blue in a so-called wild-type form .
The Bush administration 's reaction was uncharacteristically blunt , with its call for `` Beijing to reconsider the passage of the law ' '' -- a rather directly worded intrusion into what China considers to be an internal matter .
But , despite its corporate motto -- `` Do n't be evil '' -- Google itself was instrumental in aiding online censorship in China , having custom-built a search engine that purges all references and Web sites that the Chinese government considers inappropriate .
He therefore considers the revival of America 's alliances to be a key foreign policy priority , and he has proposed that US forces in Iraq should be integrated into a NATO operation , as long as this remains under US command .
I was its founding chairman , and I do n't think anyone considers it a success .
They have no access to political and economic power in a society that considers them of scant value .
At a time when the US brands as `` evil '' certain countries based , in part , on their pursuit of nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction , it must be especially careful in how it considers its own options and contingencies regarding nuclear weapons .
Russia considers the agreements from the 1990 's unjust , based as they were on its weakness at the time , and it wants to revise them .
And Obama considers progress in the Middle East peace process essential to separating Iran from the `` Arab street , '' thereby changing the region 's balance of power for the better .
But Israel 's current passivity -- with all of its negative long-term consequences for the country -- is likely to continue as long as Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu considers his coalition 's survival more important than a decisive peace initiative .
The sub-prime crisis has so far affected mainly financial markets in the US and Europe . This is not surprising if one considers that on both sides of the Atlantic prices have reached historical peaks and , until recently , had accelerated .
The problem with being the bridge , though , is that neither side -- neither the `` West '' nor the `` Muslim world '' -- considers Turkey fully one of its own .
Many Europeans share this belief , but , as the EU considers entering the fray of Middle East peace talks , it must respond to former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon 's jibe that in the region `` you are payers , not players . ''
I do not attribute any malign or sinister purposes to the OSCE presence in Albania , unless one considers inertia malign .
More importantly , Russia considers these weapons insurance against the possibility of Chinese conventional superiority .
Osamu Suzuki , CEO and COO of the company -LRB- and a grandson-in-law of its founder -RRB- , is a creative decision maker , a maverick who considers himself an `` old man in a mom-and-pop company '' that concentrated most of its resources on producing motorcycles and light motor vehicles .
By that definition , China considers the islands -LRB- whose ownership is disputed by Vietnam and the Philippines -RRB- as much a part of the mainland as Tibet and Taiwan , making any outside interference taboo .
Much as Serbia still considers Kosovo to be one of its provinces , key parts of the international community have invested too much financial and political capital in Kosovo to want to reopen the question of its political status .
Russia had a low profile , but the EU , which considers itself the leader of climate policy , was simply informed post factum .
To be sure , the regime considers Ai 's arrest a preemptive measure to prevent the outbreak of public demonstrations .
The communist Knight , the new `` caballero de la triste figura , '' a kind of enlightened idiot , blinded by his loyalty to the unreal and by his harsh political correctness , considers Lenin a new Moses .
In the last few years , France has distinguished itself from other European nations by gradually abandoning community-based policing , which the government considers too `` social '' and prevention-oriented .
Now he considers it the best currency in the world .
The answer depends on whether one considers the time women in Europe spend on domestic work .
This Israeli conviction on what it considers an existential issue stands in stark contrast with the fatalism that otherwise dominates Israelis ' thinking about themselves and their relations with the Palestinians .
Such fears appear exaggerated , particularly when one considers that Asia is not one entity . It has its own internal balance of power .
Germany 's Constitutional Court has been among the most prominent in declaring what it considers to be the appropriate limits to EU integration , consistent with the country 's Basic Law -LRB- constitution -RRB- .
As a result , Turkey no longer considers a federalized Iraq a threat to its security , as long as each federal unit maintains a measure of ethnic diversity .
Indeed , Russian President Vladimir Putin considers the Soviet Union 's collapse `` the largest geopolitical catastrophe of the twentieth century . ''
Nevertheless , Putin still considers it necessary to pose in front of television cameras every few months to report that Russian scientists have developed some new missile that can penetrate any anti-ballistic missile system that the US may erect .
Indeed , China officially considers several regions in Russia 's Far East to be only `` alienated '' from it .
The fact that NATO now considers its area of operations to legitimately extend all the way to the Hindu Kush has given pause even to many who once believed as fervently in humanitarian intervention as Blair still does .
On the contrary , as he has frequently made clear , he considers his critics immoral for not supporting liberal interventions .
Instead , at the IMF 's April 2011 interim meeting , a senior official declared that the Fund now considers troubled Spain to be a core eurozone country like Germany , rather than a peripheral country like Greece , Portugal , or Ireland .
But often the reason is that the host country considers a contract to be unfair .
He considers three leading theories about what we ought to do -- one deriving from Kant , one from the social-contract tradition of Hobbes , Locke , Rousseau , and the contemporary philosophers John Rawls and T.M. Scanlon , and one from Bentham 's utilitarianism -- and argues that the Kantian and social-contract theories must be revised in order to be defensible .
This has left the US not only deeply divided , but also at loggerheads with much of the rest of the world , which considers our policies high-handed and arbitrary .
As a result , anyone who considers the status quo undesirable , unacceptable , or unsustainable has had to take an anti-European stance .
Though banned by General Pervez Musharraf under duress after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the Lashkar -LRB- which considers the United States , Israel and India `` existential enemies of Islam '' -RRB- simply regrouped under a different name and is even more powerful than before .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Obama will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for he considers it to be a strategic concern .
The UN Human Rights Committee has found that widespread and systematic human rights abuses extend throughout Sudan , not just Darfur . Foreign Policy magazine considers Sudan the country most at risk of state failure .
The Obama administration considers both Iran and North Korea to be outside this category .
If one considers the issue of aid flows , one finds that though development aid rose in 2005 to $ 107 billion , most of the increase was geared towards `` special circumstances , '' such as debt forgiveness and for Iraq and Afghanistan .
Some 2,000 Shia pilgrims gathered near the mosque that houses the Prophet 's tomb for the commemoration of Mohamed 's death , an act of worship that the ruling Saudi Wahhabi sect considers heretical and idolatrous .
