There are real signs that the new government is considered a credible partner in the tribal areas .
With Hamas in control for more than two years , the Gaza Strip has long been considered much more traditional and conservative than the West Bank .
Should n't one of them at least be considered for such a post ?
When the current UN inspectorate was being put together in 1999 , both Ekéus and Blix were among the candidates being considered to head the new group of inspectors .
Yet TB is commonly considered a disease of the past .
A disease formerly considered more pervasive in affluent countries now places its heaviest burden on poor and disadvantaged populations .
In international law , debt that is incurred without the consent of the people , and that is not used to their benefit , is referred to as `` odious '' ; as such , it is not considered transferable to successor regimes .
A prudent lender should have considered these facts before making the loans .
Some view the man considered a mass murderer in the West as an icon , and his death and burial at sea at the hands of American forces will not undermine that perception in the eyes of his sympathizers .
Sharks , too , are suffering from rapidly rising demand for shark-fin soup , which is considered a delicacy in many parts of Asia .
Syria -- a prime source of state-sponsored terrorism -- is now even considered a candidate for a seat in the Security Council .
America 's mounting difficulties in setting up a coherent form of government in Iraq , let alone a democratic one , inspire a question that most statesmen consider unthinkable : is it possible that there is no way to re-constitute Iraq as one state , and that alternative options must be considered , unpalatable as they may appear ?
Olmert , who stepped into Ariel Sharon 's shoes as leader of the new Kadima Party , was considered a competent but lackluster parliamentarian -- and later mayor of Jerusalem -- who was known more for his polemical style than for his political stature or gravitas .
The causes of these 15 years of failure should be considered , so that Mitchell 's mission does not become another stillborn effort .
Euro-zone countries can be considered a single country when dealing with the currency denomination of trade .
WARSAW -- The eurozone is often considered an experiment -- a monetary union without political unification .
Whatever the rich ask of the CCP - land leases , low interest loans , violation of labor laws , environmental standards , contracts , and intellectual property - can be considered `` the demands of advanced productive forces . ''
Al-Ahmar has long been considered either Saleh 's right hand man or the country 's hidden president .
Even in China , such activities are not usually considered threats to the state .
Indeed , Brown , for whom America remains `` Britain 's most important bilateral relationship , '' recently blocked his foreign secretary , David Miliband , from delivering a speech that he considered excessively pro-Europe .
And how can hundreds of isolated settlements spread amidst a hostile Palestinian population ever be considered a strategic asset ?
Price regulations and other ill-considered features of European policy contribute to the fact that 60 % of the world 's new drugs are developed in the US , compared to 40 % only ten years ago .
This will be considered tragic only for those who see a stable European federation as Europe 's manifest destiny .
EU membership and the global war on terror , however , demand a more deeply considered response .
And Jospin was considered the only possible winner in 2002 , before finishing third , behind Chirac and Jean-Marie Le Pen .
China and Russia , which can be considered strategic rivals of the US , spend $ 35 billion and $ 24 billion , respectively -LRB- though these figures probably underestimate expenditure , the true amount is certainly still far below the US -- level -RRB- .
In other words , they react to their being considered and treated like some `` unknown other . ''
In the 1950 's , most of Europe considered the idea of a Union with a single Parliament a pipe dream .
Neither the 2001 nor the 1974\/1975 US recessions met that criterion . In addition to real GDP , employment , income , and sales are considered , as are the depth , duration , and diffusion of the downturn throughout the overall economy .
True , America 's original thirteen colonies were a loose federation , and many Americans considered themselves citizens of their state first and of the US second as late as a century after the Revolution .
In India , where government is more often considered a drag on commerce than a catalyst of growth , the decisions that move local markets are now more likely to come from bureaucrats in Delhi than from innovators in Mumbai .
Indeed , far from being an electoral revolution , only two of those elected -- Barghouti and Muhammad Shtayyeh , who has headed PECDAR , the Palestinian agency that promotes transparency and economic development -- can be considered at all critical of the Fatah establishment .
At the Islamabad meeting , the FDP agreed to provide finance for Pakistan 's energy-development program , and requested proposals from the Pakistanis for the development of other sectors considered vital for the economy .
These laws , originally promulgated by the British in colonial India and made more draconian by a succession of Pakistani administrations , make any comment considered to be disrespectful toward Islam or the Prophet Muhammad an offense punishable by death .
Gilani invited Singh to visit Pakistan , an invitation that `` will be considered carefully , '' according to Indian Foreign Secretary Nirupama Rao .
His blog attracts 160,000 hits daily , and if he could run for prime minister -LRB- he ca n't , because of a criminal record -RRB- , more than half of Italy 's voters , according to a poll last year , would have considered voting for him .
The tribal feelings of Germans were considered , for obvious reasons , to be particularly toxic after Hitler 's Reich , which is why German flag-waving , until recently , was exercised with a slight air of shame-faced restraint that was entirely absent in surrounding countries .
On questions of Roman Catholic doctrine , his views were considered so out of line with the modern Church that the Vatican excommunicated him in 1988 , along with other members of the ultra-conservative Society of St. Pius X , founded by the fascist sympathizer Marcel Lefebvre .
Referendums are a measure of popular gut feelings , rather than considered opinion , and popular gut feelings are rarely liberal .
This means that anyone holding to the moral doctrines of most Christian churches should nowadays be considered a second-class citizen in the European Union .
That interpretation considered the horrors of Hitler 's National Socialism as a consequence of apostasy in Germany .
Given the distortion of reality that lay behind this vision , it is easy to understand how Pius XII came to be considered by its advocates an ally of Hitler .
Indeed , on the same basis , Adenauer could be -LRB- and was -RRB- considered a national socialist .
In addition , Pak Nam-gi , the senior finance ministry official considered responsible for North Korea 's botched issuance of a new currency last year , has disappeared , and Kim Yong-il , North Korea 's prime minister , was fired on June 7 .
Today , what might be considered electoral democracies are found throughout the region .
Hamas then made a public proposal of a mutual ceasefire restricted to Gaza , which the Israelis considered and also rejected .
We understand , of course , the reluctance to intervene in what is traditionally considered a family matter .
A majority considered them offensive , and therefore expected interracial couples to show what is demanded today from Muslims in Manhattan : respect for other people 's sensitivities .
After I 've given a lecture or a course on homosexuality , explaining at length why it can no longer be considered an illness , the questions are always the same : `` What are the symptoms ? ''
A man who has any `` feminine '' traits is `` poco hombre '' : boys who dislike soccer , men who enjoy the opera or express unmanly feelings such as sadness or tenderness , husbands who help with the housework or tend to their children , are considered effeminate .
While outright military conflict is still considered unlikely , the combination of China 's vague `` red lines '' and non-specific threats will certainly raise the likelihood of miscalculation and misinterpretation on both sides .
Enacted in Nanjing before the Chiang Kai-chek 's Kuomintang government resettled in Taipei after the Chinese Civil War of the 1940 's , Taiwan 's constitution is considered by some an anachronism , unfit for a democracy with a population of over 23 million .
Several more countries have laws that set the minimum work age between 12 and 16 , but the ILO cautions that few countries `` have what could be considered a comprehensive prohibition of dangerous work for young children , '' and that even fewer have `` measures to protect young persons from moral degradation . ''
Another precondition for Mill was the ability and desire of citizens to make considered choices .
To put the pre-invasion figure in perspective , consider United Nations Population Division figures , which are generally considered to be of very high quality .
When they are considered at all , they are deemed to be the inevitable price of progress .
Why should it be considered witty to celebrate the uselessness of knowledge ?
Gambler 's Ruin San Francisco -- From Adam Smith -LRB- 1776 -RRB- until 1950 or so , capital was considered by economists to be absolutely essential for economic growth .
In 2004-2007 , I considered that I might be wrong about a relatively rapid resolution to the world 's economic distress : as the late Rudi Dornbusch put it , unsustainable macroeconomic imbalances can sustain themselves longer than economists -LRB- with their touching faith in rational human decision making -RRB- believe is possible .
The central challenge is political : correcting state policies formulated when resources , including oil , natural gas and food commodities , were not considered a driving force in the global economy .
In Africa , rural land is generally considered to be state-owned , and is treated by governments as if it were their own .
Why was informed consent from the research `` subjects '' considered unnecessary ?
Yet the high court has considered foreign policy implications before .
Mexico has long considered itself the leader of Latin America , but Chile , Colombia , and the rising regional giant , Brazil , are increasingly leaving it behind .
Its saving grace is that it is widely considered illegitimate and therefore has little power .
Asia has plenty of competent economic officials who might be considered as the next managing director of the IMF .
The jury remained out even after Kenya in early 2008 , when horrific post-election violence was widely considered an RtoP case , and former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan led a successful diplomatic mission to persuade ethnic-group leaders to quell the storm .
Although an Atlantic Monetary Union -LRB- between the US and the EU -RRB- is a long-term prospect , it should be considered as a grand design for the future .
Indeed , nuclear options should not be considered as an extension of conventional options .
So , if the US develops nuclear weapons that blur the distinction between conventional and nuclear forces , the message this sends to the rest of the world must be considered .
It does , however , buy political time for US administrations to continue prosecuting ill-considered and expensive wars with little domestic scrutiny .
Properly considered , Poland 's existential interests , its geopolitical location , and its history , demand that it do everything to contribute as much as possible to a strong EU .
A year before , few people considered this world-shaking event even a remote possibility .
When the Ankara Protocol was agreed , the government of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an achieved something that , until then , had been considered impossible : he shattered the decades-old opposition of Turkish Cypriots to a compromise between the two parts of the divided island .
What remains of the effort to prevent a repeat of the crisis are tightened EU controls on national budgets and , regarding the treaty change to be considered , the continuation of the rescue package -LRB- which previously was due to expire in 2013 -RRB- , probably under a different name .
Phelps was also 10 to 20 years ahead of the profession when he developed the theories of wage efficiency and inflation targeting , which are now considered to be the state of the art concerning the labor market and monetary management .
The DSM 5 definition of an `` autistic spectrum '' will cast an even wider net , capturing many people now considered to be normal or to have another disorder .
They would have understood that the calculations provided were at complete odds with reality , and they would have considered what to do about it .
Although the needs of krill-dependent species were previously considered for large areas of the Southern Ocean , the CCAMLR must still scientifically subdivide the overall catch limit into smaller units .
In retrospect , Russian membership should probably be considered a mistake .
Deeper social disparities should never be viewed as the inevitable price of rapid growth , and more egalitarian outcomes in education , health , and gender should not be considered `` second-stage '' reforms .
Indeed , we have lowered the boundary for `` overweight '' to include people considered `` normal '' a generation ago .
The telephone dial did n't appear until 1919 , when the first group of self-designated `` user interface scientists '' at Western Electric considered what the most intuitive form should be .
A country with such influence over a military superpower can not be considered weak .
A state that is involved in three global regions -LRB- Europe , Central Asia , and the Far East , not to mention the Arctic -RRB- and borders several others can not be considered `` regional . ''
Of course , if a developing country 's private sector is taking off , foreign aid might be considered unnecessary .
This changed with the advent of floating exchange rates in the early 1970 's , which allowed more stability-conscious countries , such as Germany , to decouple from a US monetary policy that they considered too inflationary .
The official line so far has been `` no default , '' meaning no sovereign default or that of any bank can be considered .
When the Maastricht Treaty was negotiated , the Germans considered this provision an important concession .
Terrorism and Counter-Terrorism Reconsidered
Terrorism and Counter-Terrorism Reconsidered The arrests in London of 21 terrorists who appear to have planned to blow up a number of airplanes over the Atlantic reminds us , if any reminder is needed , of the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of September 11 , 2001 .
The United Nations Security Council and the G-8 should be reconstituted to reflect the world of today rather than the post-1945 era , and the participation of non-state actors in multilateral organizations and processes will need to be considered .
Likewise , head covering for Muslim women is considered a requirement .
However , the key factor in the present circumstances -- particularly for us in what was until recently considered the East -- is that the West has also deepened and propagated fundamental principles such as the rule of law , respect for human rights , a democratic political system , and economic freedom .
While many other countries now also profess these values , they belong to other geographical areas and therefore -- if only for this purely external reason -- can not be considered part of the West .
No single geographical and cultural territory can be considered a priori better than any other once and for all , or as a matter of principle .
And the regimes were considered to be too brutal , as we see tragically in Libya , to go down without a fight .
Saudi Arabia , a self-proclaimed bulwark of Islamic conservatism , where popular democracy has never been considered a legitimate form of rule , has been more aggressive in some arenas than in others .
A saving element in British politics is that such appeals are usually considered embarrassing .
These include the Jaish-e-Muhammad , considered to be the pioneer of suicide bombings in the region .
All conditions that display five or more of nine symptoms -- including low mood , lack of pleasure , sleep and appetite difficulties , inability to concentrate , and fatigue -- over a two-week period are now considered depressive disorders .
Symptoms otherwise meeting the DSM criteria are not considered disorders if they arise after the death of an intimate , do not last more than two months , and do not include certain particularly severe symptoms .
In recognition of its outsized historic and per capita emissions , the US should agree to economy-wide emissions reductions in line with domestic climate legislation currently being considered .
To Err is Science Until now , discovery was often considered the main goal of medical science .
In 2003 , Ben Bernanke , then a Governor of the US Federal Reserve , stated in a speech that many Americans considered inflation targeting `` foreign , impenetrable , and possibly slightly subversive . '' That feeling is stronger now .
The solution that was eventually adopted was considered brilliant at the time , because it avoided formal default by any of the big Latin American borrowers -LRB- though Brazil briefly defaulted five years later , in 1987 -RRB- .
For decades , academic analysts have been fighting over whether such large-scale family businesses should be considered beneficial .
All three of Murdoch 's marriages have produced children , though those from his current relationship are too young to be considered potential corporate successors .
This is one of the reasons why theorists such as Milton Friedman considered a bimetallic standard inherently more stable than a monometallic -LRB- gold-based -RRB- regime .
`` Quiet baby syndrome , '' for example , when mothers praise their babies for never crying , is now considered a warning sign for methyl mercury-induced brain damage in children .
But , considered more broadly , the seriousness of today 's situation is primarily due to Europe 's refusal to reform global economic governance , compounded by years of political mismanagement and self-deception in the United States .
Plans were considered to publicly rebut my findings .
Why is China , usually considered a `` continental power , '' engaging in this maritime expansion ?
For , while Russia 's elite never considered itself defeated in the Cold War , the West essentially treated Russia as a defeated country -- an attitude symbolized by NATO 's eastward expansion , which laid a deep foundation for ongoing tension .
Of course , each side considered itself peaceful , and would not admit that it , too , had to be deterred .
Throughout Iran 's long history , Shiite seminaries exercised great influence on Iranian society and politics , but they had been considered civil institutions .
It was not until the Iranian revolution that the seminary establishment came to be considered a source of political legitimacy .
Iran 's current supreme ruler , Seyyed Ali Khamenei , whose religious degree was a focus of suspicion in the seminary and among the clerical elite , was not considered a jurist by merit .
Korolev was the head of the council , but the other Chief Designers - -- more than a dozen -- considered themselves no less significant .
Korolev was offended ; his rocket was n't just a piece of metal , and , after his success with Sputnik , he no longer considered Glushko his equal .
Even Putin 's Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov , a former KGB colleague and a man often considered to be Putin 's closest advisor within his government , does not fully agree with him on the terms of collaboration with America .
Thus , instead of investing in the energy industry -- the lifeblood of the economy -- in order to reverse declining output , the Kremlin is devoting its energy to a presidential commission to `` counteract attempts to falsify history to the detriment of Russia 's interests . '' This means that the state will decide which interpretations of history should be considered `` true , '' creating endless opportunities for manipulation to serve the agenda of those in power .
Aid programs for developing nations should be considered a part of any global stimulus and long-term economic recovery plan .
Fukushima Daiichi withstood the earthquake , but no one considered the possibility of ten-meter-high tsunami waves hitting a nuclear plant .
Anything that diminishes Chirac -- who has weakened the EU by pushing a protectionist , corporate state model for Europe , and telling the new smaller members to `` shut up '' when they disagreed with him -- must be considered good news for Europe and European integration .
Infuriated by what he considered to be guerilla tactics , Trichet effectively silenced the mischief-makers by the bold stroke of pre-announcing the rate hike two weeks before the meeting .
Given US President George W. Bush 's extreme unpopularity in Europe , the emergence of an anti-American right should no longer be considered a remote possibility .
But , until that happy day arrives , or at least until the two sides have reached the contours of an agreement , direct talks and photo opportunities should be considered counter-productive .
Thus , Ben Ali has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors .
The second issue the Court considered was the conflict between constitutional principles : the clash between freedom to express one 's thoughts and condemnation of Ellwanger for the crime of racism .
Sikorski 's argument shocked many US officials , because he is considered one of the most pro-American politicians in Poland . But it reflects a widespread sentiment among many Poles , including those who are staunch supporters of close ties to the US .
The bad news is that the other candidates allegedly being considered -- all current or mainly former heads of government -- are as inspiring as cold porridge .
Wherever the answers are affirmative , an integrated package of organisational changes should be considered .
Giving the EU a greater role in situations where member states ' views differ should also be considered .
Calls for attendance in a foreign school - if possible for at least one year - as part of a future European curriculum should be heard and seriously considered .
We could also put a bigger focus on reducing black carbon , considered responsible for as much as 40 % of current net warming and one-third of Arctic melting .
The IPCC simply and tersely tells us that this scenario -- also vividly depicted in the Hollywood movie The Day After Tomorrow -- is considered `` very unlikely . ''
But the problem with the recent media frenzy is that some seem to believe no new report or development is enough if it does n't reveal more serious consequences and more terrifying calamities than humanity has ever considered before .
If the increase were considered permanent , however , it would make sense to increase spending or reduce tax pressure .
Once the president 's illegitimacy is formally acknowledged by a majority of parliamentarians , all his acts will be considered beyond his constitutional powers , and the process of electing a new president will be firmly on track .
A communist who considered himself an honest proletarian writer , but called by Stalin , the Red Clown of Power , `` svoloc '' -LRB- scoundrel -RRB- and `` balagancik '' -LRB- buffoon -RRB- , Platonov lived a lifelong ordeal .
The journalist considered Codreanu a `` Romantic hero . ''
The bulk of claims for the subsidy come from northern Italy , which is usually considered less prone to tax evasion to begin with .
Africa must cease being a region to be ransacked , burdened with ill-considered debts by the IMF and World Bank , and so left with institutionalised famine , lawlessness , and horrendus corruption .
That 's why I have proposed much tougher measures in the revised Capital Requirements Directive amendments now being considered by the European Parliament .
A sharp and ill-considered reduction of the civil service began .
Putin rarely talks about the problems of Russia 's twentieth-century history , once replying to a direct question about his attitude toward the events of 1917 by saying that he considered it to be `` the country 's natural reaction to defeat in the First World War . ''
Europe , meanwhile , looked wonderfully well balanced , at least superficially , whether one considered all 27 European Union members or the 16-member eurozone .
And , according to Greenspan 's successor , Ben Bernanke , there is no reason to assume that the unemployment rate will approach 5 % -- generally considered to be the natural rate of unemployment -- any time soon .
Such arrangements , which should be described as government-sponsored commercialism , are considered unacceptable by all relevant international declarations .
Radicals use the inability to attain political objectives peacefully to inspire fanatical action and to justify forms of violence normally considered unacceptable .
A special 30,000-strong police unit monitors and screens Internet traffic , advanced technology is deployed to block access to overseas Web sites considered `` hostile or harmful , '' and Internet service and content providers , both domestic and Western , must comply with onerous restrictions designed to suppress political dissent and track down offenders .
Asked whether they considered themselves `` Iraqis , above all '' or `` Muslims , above all , '' the 2006 survey found that 28 % of Iraqis identified themselves as `` Iraqis , above all , '' up from 23 % in 2004 .
Those who considered love as the basis for marriage increased from 49 % to 69 % , while those who depended on parental approval fell from 41 % to 24 % .
The son of Malaysia 's third prime minister and a cousin of the current prime minister , he is widely considered modern , moderate , and cosmopolitan .
Can Iran under Ahmadinejad be considered a rational actor ?
Yet , on the other hand , his flashy style is considered vulgar by traditional French elites , who are keen to dissociate themselves from someone whose educational background and instinctive reactions clearly marks him as not one of them .
But the poorest people -- those who live on less than $ 2 per day -- are often not considered important when a pandemic threat emerges .
WASHINGTON , DC -- With Hosni Mubarak 's ouster in Egypt -- widely considered to have one of the region 's most stable regimes until only recently -- and Colonel Muammar Qaddafi clinging to power in Libya , there is no clear end in sight to the turmoil sweeping across the Arab world .
That , at least , is the conclusion that some people have reached after Milosevic 's death in a Hague prison : the fact that he was able to drag out his trial for four years and still escape a verdict is considered proof that the international community is wasting its resources by putting such people on trial for their misdeeds .
For a long time , blasphemy laws were considered an unfortunate legacy of efforts in England during the religious struggles of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries to suppress deviant interpretations of scripture among Christians .
The creation of Camp X-Ray at Guantanamo , and President Bush 's executive order establishing military commissions to try those held there , aimed to deal with prisoners seized during the war in Afghanistan whom the US considered to be `` unlawful combatants . ''
But the government-controlled media subsequently launched fierce attacks against them , targeting Primakov especially , since he was considered a serious rival to Putin and a legitimate presidential contender .
Inasmuch as illiberal -- and especially personal -- regimes are considered the least stable , the logical conclusion is that the `` color revolution '' scenario that we observed in Georgia , Ukraine , and Kyrgyzstan is likely to repeat itself in Russia . Of course , anything is possible in today 's Russia .
When considered in this wider European context , there was more symmetry in the Russia-Ukraine energy relationship than the simple numbers on energy dependence implied at first glance .
Democracy Promotion Reconsidered
Democracy Promotion Reconsidered Cambridge -- President George W. Bush was famous for proclaiming the promotion of democracy a central focus of American foreign policy .
Goldman Sachs coined the term in 2001 to call attention to profitable opportunities in what it considered `` emerging markets . ''
CAMBRIDGE -- The twenty-first century is witnessing Asia 's return to what might be considered its historical proportions of the world 's population and economy .
Many considered it a global hegemon .
So , a more orderly way to induce current-account deficits without risking disruption of emerging economies ' growth should be considered .
Local officials are often considered heroes , not oppressors .
Obasanjo made it clear that he considered the election a `` do or die affair '' and would hand over power only to Yar ` Adua .
Health and agriculture will be considered only on a highly selective basis .
As governments across the West have become increasingly bogged down trying to fix a broken economy , China has been formulating a whole series of new , well-considered policies and forging ahead with bold decision-making to tackle one daunting problem after another .
Europeans who considered Turkey a potential Trojan horse for America within the European Union were forced to reconsider .
It is far too large to be considered an elite .
Our study of religion and social inequality in Lebanon examined social mobility rather than overall inequality . This is because societies in which opportunities and inequality are inherited are considered to be less fair than societies in which family background is less important .
Historical memory is not always quite as bad as this . But international politics and diplomacy are riddled with examples of bad and ill-considered precedents being used to justify foreign policy decisions , invariably leading to catastrophe .
Both are intellectuals and address difficult questions in a quiet , carefully considered way . This has led Williams , in particular , into several run-ins with the media .
In preparation , he has replaced senior generals in the Pakistani army with officers considered more beholden to him , evidently hoping that this will ensure the military 's loyalty even after he removes himself from the chain of command .
In the past , risks with volatility of similar statistical magnitudes were considered to be fungible , and , could flow to whomever was prepared to bear them .
A simple way to reduce the frequency of crises is to require banks to rely more on equity and less on debt so that they can incur more losses without going bankrupt -- a measure that is currently being considered at the global level .
After World War II , when the world was divided into nuclear-armed camps threatening each other with mutual destruction , Russell did not take the view that our insignificance , when considered against the vastness of the universe , meant that the end of life on Earth did not matter . On the contrary , he made nuclear disarmament the chief focus of his political activity for the remainder of his life .
Nationalist statements that would have been confined to the extremist newspaper Den in the early 1990 's are now considered normal , `` centrist , '' even commonplace .
During the past decade -- particularly since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States -- Westerners have generally considered international terrorism to be the most urgent threat to human security .
Having listened for 20 years to people unfortunate enough to be labeled `` schizophrenic , '' considered to be the most extreme form of `` mental illness , '' and having subsequently researched the causes of hallucinations and delusions for ten years , I believe that the public understands madness better than we experts .
These innovations were considered technical successes .
The biggest development successes in recent years have been in places like China and Vietnam , where Western economic ideas , to the extent that they were considered at all , lost out to more practically oriented policymakers .
Mercantilism Reconsidered
Mercantilism Reconsidered CAMBRIDGE -- A businessman walks into a government minister 's office and says he needs help .
Because both India and China did increase trade substantially , they are both considered as globalizers by the World Bank 's criterion .
About a decade ago , after the Enron and WorldCom scandals , America 's stock-market regulator , the Securities and Exchange Commission -LRB- SEC -RRB- , considered requiring that companies allow qualified shareholders to put their director nominees on the company-paid election ballot .
In Poland , where for many years such practices have been considered criminal , a proposed law would require full financial transparency for politicians and high state functionaries .
Ahmadinejad replied that he did not deny it , but only criticized what he considered Israel 's `` political use '' of it .
During the Asian financial crisis of 1997-1998 , South Korea -- a relatively large emerging-market economy -- received what was then considered a very large IMF rescue package -- $ 10 billion .
Perverse subsidies must be removed and recent new ones favoring products such as bio-fuels reconsidered .
But what is to a large extent a defeat in practical and military terms also can be considered a political victory .
The fact that two-thirds of the voters supported parties that were long considered extremist and whose allegiance to democracy is questionable has shocked many Turks , including those who comprised most of the ruling elite in modern times .
Sharon was considered a certain victor in the planned March elections , for which he had organized his own Kadima -LRB- Forward -RRB- party , attracting leading figures from the Labor party on the left and the Likud party on the right .
With modest up-front financing , impoverished and traditional rural communities that had not considered educating girls suddenly see the immense value to the community of educating both boys and girls .
Now , half-a-year later , the balance of responsibility needs to be reconsidered .
Bhola is still considered one of the worst natural disasters on record , and the military dictatorship 's lukewarm relief efforts incensed the Bengali population .
Before giving his name , address , and phone number , he said , `` Of course , I have considered the consequences that I might encounter after writing this letter .
But , just as those regions have been improving their public and corporate governance -- Hong Kong just witnessed a breakthrough court decision against a telecom tycoon who is the son of the province 's richest and most powerful man -- crony capitalism is taking root in the United States , a country that the world long considered the gold standard of a level playing field in business .
The current generation of big business in Russia will be considered illegitimate for a long time .
The Zeguo exercise was considered hugely successful , and has been replicated elsewhere in China .
Several kinds of selection bias must be considered when we look at Siegel 's constant .
I told them that we considered the TNC to be our new legitimate political interlocutors in Libya and were ready to support them , but that in return we expected the TNC to work towards the best standards of transparent democratic government .
That document states that to refuse a burdensome medical treatment `` is not the equivalent of suicide . '' On the contrary , such a refusal `` should be considered an acceptance of the human condition , or a wish to avoid the application of a medical procedure disproportionate to the results that can be expected , or a desire not to impose excessive expense on the family or the community . ''
After CIA Director George Tenet took responsibility for the inclusion of the misleading material , Bush said that he `` absolutely '' had confidence in Tenet and the CIA , and that he considered the matter closed .
John Stuart Mill , in his classic book On Liberty , considered a situation in which a man sets out to cross a bridge that we know is unsafe .
But Chua , a professor at Yale Law School -LRB- as is her husband -RRB- , lives in a culture in which a child 's self-esteem is considered so fragile that children 's sports teams give `` Most Valuable Player '' awards to every member .
While many economists judge Germany 's strategy the worst and America 's the best , the Scandinavian strategy can be considered a second-best strategy .
More than 50 % of the world 's population is now considered middle class , with a living standard above the average of the developed countries ' poverty lines -LRB- $ 8.2 at 1996 PPP prices -RRB- .
In response , the government has urged managers to publish their incomes and abolished the bank secrecy laws that were once considered sacrosanct .
Additionally , the central bank acts as `` lender of last resort '' to commercial banks considered `` too big to fail . ''
Although there is no real British equivalent of the American revolving door between Washington and Wall Street , the Conservatives are widely considered to be friends of the City of London and soft on rich tax evaders like Lord Ashcroft and Zak Goldsmith .
It was now considered healthily Promethean to turn wealth into money and put it to work to make more money , because by doing this one was benefiting humanity .
In today 's atmosphere of what Marcuse would call `` repressive tolerance , '' such language would be considered `` stigmatizing . ''
Fortunately , France has reconsidered , Germany will provide limited naval assistance , and Italy has stepped up to contribute 3,000 peacekeepers . In addition , China has recently pledged 1,000 troops .
Iraq , governed by Shia political forces , also keeps close tabs on Syria 's evolution , as does Turkey , which , until fairly recently , considered Syria a keystone of its regional policy .
World Trade Organization agreements apply to energy only tangentially , because energy is considered an exhaustible natural resource , and in many cases is thus exempt from the rules .
Military action can not be considered the only variable of success .
The EU was brought into existence by a process of piecemeal social engineering -- the method Popper considered appropriate to an open society -- directed by a far-sighted , purposeful elite who recognized that perfection is unattainable .
Yet emerging economies , once considered much more vulnerable , have been remarkably resilient .
It outlined some of the measures that should be considered and established a working group to explore the way forward , possibly under the guidance of a newly established expert group .
Direct interventions , restrictions on short-term capital inflows , capital-gains taxes , and stabilizing prudential banking regulations will all have to be considered .
So , despite the embarrassment associated with the recent appointment of the current IMF Managing Director Horst Kohler , when the Clinton Administration heavy-handedly vetoed Europe 's first choice for the post , someone with deep experience in developing countries and a new approach to their problems was never seriously considered .
How credible will an anti-corruption message be when delivered by an appointee of what is considered one of the most corrupt and incompetent administrations in US history ?
What options should be considered ?
During the crisis , we saw how quickly capital fled from countries previously considered safe bets . Today , many of these countries are reeling from a veritable tsunami of returning money .
So , all things considered , China 's looming leadership transition is shaping up to be a very challenging period for China and the world .
Three years ago , the Commission on Legal Empowerment of the Poor considered ways of empowering the `` bottom billion '' by expanding and deepening the means by which they could pull themselves out of poverty .
Europe is generally considered more a constraint than as a plan , more as an instrument than a vision nourished by a clear and credible idea .
The main targets -- jobs , growth , and research -- are considered legitimate from the standpoint of fairness when described in general terms .
When we are faced with conflicting choices -- burden-sharing through taxation , the organization of the public sector , the status of public employees , etc. -- the member states are considered to be the only bodies entitled to decide .
Our cricketers have come close to being considered the best in the world , but cricket is not an Olympic sport .
Her response -- `` I would build a sports stadium '' -- was considered stupid by the judges , and the almost-certain crown -LRB- she was the overwhelming favorite -RRB- slipped from her grasp .
It 's considered directly responsible for a spike in the sale of generator sets and even for absences from religious functions which clash with its broadcast times . ''
Indians have long been resigned to defeat for their national side -LRB- though this is changing -RRB- , but they have always managed to produce individual record-breakers -- outstanding cricketers like the batsmen Sunil Gavaskar and Sachin Tendulkar , or the all-rounders Vinoo Mankad and Kapil Dev , who were considered to be among the world 's best players , even if the Indian teams to which they belonged lost more often than they won .
If you restrict your search to randomized controlled trials , generally considered the most reliable design for investigating the efficacy of treatments , still more than 3,200 hits appear .
Latin American countries in the Amazon region , for example , are home to what can rightly be considered the world 's storehouse of biodiversity .
The epidemic happens silently over years or decades ; the danger is either not recognized or not considered avoidable ; and action is often seen as the responsibility of the individual -LRB- lifestyle modification -RRB- or health-care system -LRB- pharmaceutical prescription -RRB- , rather than the state .
This may mean eliminating shadowy `` tax havens , '' tapping phone lines , and identifying individuals considered highly dangerous .
It is not clear whether these laws will actually punish the crimes or merely reduce the visibility of the numbers : if a crime requires certain difficult-to-prove elements in order to be considered a femicide , a large number of murders will remain on the books as simple homicides , and the authorities will be able to say they have `` reduced '' the femicide rate .
We must not tolerate a system of nuclear apartheid , in which it is considered legitimate for some states to possess nuclear arms but patently unacceptable for others to seek to acquire them .
Nor can they be considered the first tentative steps towards such a shared destiny , in the manner of the 1952 European Coal and Steel Community Treaty , which began the project for European unity .
Israeli hardliners saw the `` war on terror '' and the war in Iraq as their wars , supported Bush 's war-like rhetoric and isolation of Iran , and considered the neo-conservatives their ideological kin .
This is a welcome contrast to the options considered so far , all of which involved -- under different guises -- foisting more debt onto a country that has too much of it already .
He later argued that Danone should be considered `` French '' because its `` milk collection and its water sources are in France . ''
While only four ICTY indictees remain at large , two fugitives -- Ratko Mladic and Radovan Karadzic -- are among the most notorious suspects who must face justice before the ICTY 's work can be considered complete .
Scientists and engineers are being produced at rates comparable or higher than in the past , and , while few non-science students find their required science courses enjoyable or useful , that is considered to be inherent to the subject .
Until recently , I would have considered this unlikely .
This image was very much on my mind when the mayor of São Paulo , Marta Suplicy , asked me to set up a new Strategic Master Plan for our 10.4 million people - a number that grows to 17.4 million when the greater metropolitan area is considered .
Dubbed the `` hyper-president '' by bewildered media , he has launched a vast number of reforms , many of which were once considered political suicide .
Journalists now learn how to evade government guidelines by distributing and collecting information online , making it more difficult for propaganda bosses to silence the spread of information considered `` sensitive . ''
And if the liquidation rate for creditors ' common claims is defined as no lower than that at the time the draft restructuring plan was submitted for approval , compensation must be considered in the event that payment is delayed .
Kuwait 's political system is considered the most modern among the Arab Gulf sheikhdoms and monarchies , because all citizens -- men and women alike -- elect its parliament .
The Shia , considered apostates by the Kingdom 's Wahhabi establishment , are viewed as a threat to the Saudi state 's legitimacy and existence , not only because of Iran 's power , but also because of the Kingdom 's large , indigenous Shia population , which is concentrated around the country 's oil fields .
Both choices are fraught with danger : open up , and they include people in Saudi public life hitherto considered unworthy for being either heretics -LRB- the Shia -RRB- or of impure blood -LRB- the Hejazis -RRB- or too primitive -LRB- the border tribes -RRB- .
A joint South Korea-US military exercise near the Demilitarized Zone or a joint anti-submarine exercise at the Northern Limit Line should be considered .
Making North Korea pay a high economic cost for its rash behavior should be considered as well .
In neuroeconomics experiments that my lab has conducted , we have found that when a stranger places trust in another by making a considered monetary investment that can either be returned or stolen , our brains release an ancient mammalian hormone called oxytocin .
The second risk stems from the globalized character of virtually every industry commonly considered a candidate for support .
