There are real signs that the new government is considered a credible partner in the tribal areas .
This said , however , there is also an unpublicized aspect of Syrian-American relations to consider .
The story gets more complicated when one considers the UN inquiry into the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafiq al-Hariri .
Israel is considering Abbas 's request to transfer arms and ammunitions from Egypt and Jordan in hopes of bolstering his loyalist forces .
With Hamas in control for more than two years , the Gaza Strip has long been considered much more traditional and conservative than the West Bank .
Salafis , whose name is derived from the Arabic phrase for `` righteous ancestors , '' known as `` Salaf al-Salih , '' insist on a return to what they consider the purity of the practices of the first Muslims .
The group now considers these legitimate targets .
But this can only happen with considerable investment .
Since taking office last summer , I have invested considerable time and effort in revitalizing the NATO-Russia relationship , with progress made in several areas , including a joint review of common threats and challenges .
But consider , instead , the US system : students pay for their education and , with part of the tuition these students pay , universities finance scholarships for deserving but poor students .
Whatever the corporate horror stories in US banks , almost no European investment bank remains , and Germany is seriously considering a state-owned `` bad bank '' to bail out its all-powerful banking giants .
Should n't one of them at least be considered for such a post ?
It seems easier for white middle class Americans to consider the poor less worthy of government support if they think of them as different .
Even more fundamentally , racial considerations also influence the nature of America 's political institutions .
When the current UN inspectorate was being put together in 1999 , both Ekéus and Blix were among the candidates being considered to head the new group of inspectors .
Yet TB is commonly considered a disease of the past .
To grasp the relevance of identity economics , and how it differs from standard economics , consider an otherwise puzzling fact .
The Ecumenical Patriarch himself acknowledged in a recent interview that the AKP has shown goodwill on this issue . His All Holiness also said that the real obstacle is probably `` the deep state '' -- a reference to Turkey 's Kemalist state establishment that considers itself above any elected government and democratic law .
It is the business of politicians , not scientists , to consider the relative costs and benefits of the options before them , weighing them as they see fit in reaching their conclusions .
An important audience for each IAC report are the 100 academies of science that belong to the IAP . Each has a special responsibility for disseminating a report 's recommendations throughout its own country , which can considerably enhance the academy 's effectiveness in influencing national policies .
These considerations suggest a series of principles for the Convention to consider :
Iranian experts argue that , in considering the trade-off between internal unrest and external sanctions , the Iranian government must choose between domestic security and international security .
Yet , taken together , the EU countries possess a considerable array of assets , including the military capability needed to conduct decisive operations .
We must all consider what responsibilities we are willingly ready to accept , and then discuss our answers with others .
To imagine the shape of global civics , a worthwhile exercise would be to take 15 minutes to consider what we would say to the seven billionth human being -- who will join us in less than a thousand days -- about the human condition awaiting her .
A disease formerly considered more pervasive in affluent countries now places its heaviest burden on poor and disadvantaged populations .
In international law , debt that is incurred without the consent of the people , and that is not used to their benefit , is referred to as `` odious '' ; as such , it is not considered transferable to successor regimes .
A prudent lender should have considered these facts before making the loans .
An Egyptian precedent would bring awareness and sobriety to an entire generation of lenders that is not accustomed to considering this type of risk , and that may even be unfamiliar with the doctrine of odious debt .
They consider a European Turkey an opportunity to develop their own relations with the EU .
Moreover , a recession or a slowdown in the US and Europe would hit Brazilian exports , narrowing Brazil 's trade surplus considerably .
Although such incidents reveal a troubling level of mistrust between the Chinese and Japanese that is not merely a product of media coverage , it is noteworthy that both governments have worked consistently , diligently , and with considerable success to resolve such problems and contain their political fallout .
It would also have been impossible to consider bringing Pinochet to justice without the extraordinarily important human rights struggles waged by victims ' organizations , victims ' families , and jurists who , against all the odds , remained true to their cause for decades .
Some view the man considered a mass murderer in the West as an icon , and his death and burial at sea at the hands of American forces will not undermine that perception in the eyes of his sympathizers .
He bolstered his image considerably after winning the 1994 election by tightening government finances and eliminating a huge fiscal deficit .
In one stroke , Putin has jeopardized his considerable accomplishments .
Sharks , too , are suffering from rapidly rising demand for shark-fin soup , which is considered a delicacy in many parts of Asia .
Despite the increasingly desperate violence , there is nothing to indicate that Mexico 's political class is even prepared to consider the sixth option .
Syria -- a prime source of state-sponsored terrorism -- is now even considered a candidate for a seat in the Security Council .
America 's mounting difficulties in setting up a coherent form of government in Iraq , let alone a democratic one , inspire a question that most statesmen consider unthinkable : is it possible that there is no way to re-constitute Iraq as one state , and that alternative options must be considered , unpalatable as they may appear ?
Their policies were dictated by British imperial interests , and gave no consideration to the wishes , interests , or characteristics of the local population .
Perhaps to assuage political fears - and considerations of international law - any plebiscite in the Kurdish region should , initially , have only a consultative status .
Olmert , who stepped into Ariel Sharon 's shoes as leader of the new Kadima Party , was considered a competent but lackluster parliamentarian -- and later mayor of Jerusalem -- who was known more for his polemical style than for his political stature or gravitas .
The causes of these 15 years of failure should be considered , so that Mitchell 's mission does not become another stillborn effort .
The conflict in Northern Ireland was always territorial : not even the most radical Irish Republican group ever denied the legitimacy of Great Britain -- only its rule over the six northern provinces of what they consider United Ireland . The crux of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict , by contrast , only partly concerns Israel 's borders .
But Erdo?an 's threat to consider using the Turkish navy as a military escort for further flotillas to Gaza already borders on saber rattling , as does his declared willingness to use force to prevent the Republic of Cyprus from exploring for gas in its continental shelf .
Should n't equal consideration for the political constraints faced by President Kostunica and the sensitivities of the Serbian people be given ?
If NATO members , Afghanistan 's government and citizens , and , by many accounts , the insurgents , can all agree that there is no military solution to ending the conflict , it is high time to consider and support a comprehensive political process .
They should consider reforms that include giving city governments the authority , resources , and responsibility that they need to address health and health-care outcomes .
To understand the reasons behind all this , consider what factors are in play when a firm chooses the currency it uses to invoice for goods .
Euro-zone countries can be considered a single country when dealing with the currency denomination of trade .
That is the question that the European Court of Human Rights -LRB- ECHR -RRB- faces this week as its Grand Chamber , consisting of 17 judges , begins considering an appeal of an initial ruling that rejected claims of discrimination against the Roma by the Czech Republic 's education authorities .
It should consider developing appropriate liquidity instruments to give confidence to emerging market economies that may be affected by a crisis beyond their control , rather than forcing them to build up ever-larger reserves or resort to regional arrangements for self-insurance .
Likewise , he expended considerable effort agitating against America 's military draft .
I live in a Poland that is now free , and I consider Milton Friedman to be one of the main intellectual architects of our liberty .
WARSAW -- The eurozone is often considered an experiment -- a monetary union without political unification .
Moreover , the Lisbon Agenda should be reinvigorated , with a focus on market reforms , and the EU should urgently reconsider measures -- particularly regarding climate policy and the drift toward an EU-wide social policy -- that risk imposing additional burdens on their economies and\/or hamper the flexibility of markets .
It is important for Europeans to reflect on that as they prepare for further rounds of enlargement and consider starting accession negotiations with Turkey .
Should one-third of national parliaments so wish , the European Commission will be required to reconsider a proposal .
Two themes that people consider crucial are a stronger European economy -LRB- more jobs and more growth -RRB- and greater security -LRB- reducing cross-border crime -RRB- .
Whatever the rich ask of the CCP - land leases , low interest loans , violation of labor laws , environmental standards , contracts , and intellectual property - can be considered `` the demands of advanced productive forces . ''
When it comes to determining whether or not a country is conducting a covert nuclear weapons program , IAEA inspectors often have their hands tied , either because they lack the legal authority to gain access to all the locations they consider necessary , or because the IAEA 's analytical laboratories are outdated , or because the Agency does not have adequate access to satellite imagery .
In manufacturing and services -LRB- particularly software , business processing , etc. -RRB- , respectively , China and India have made huge strides internationally , and their acquisition of global companies has attracted considerable attention .
Al-Ahmar has long been considered either Saleh 's right hand man or the country 's hidden president .
Even in China , such activities are not usually considered threats to the state .
The risk created by many of the regulatory measures under consideration in today 's crisis-scarred world is that they may end up over-regulating our markets to the point of blocking the emergence of valuable new products .
World Bank officials , shareholder advisers , and financial economists have all made considerable efforts to develop such standards .
Widely held and controlled companies differ considerably in the governance problems their investors face .
Because the basic governance problems in the two types of firms are considerably different , arrangements that benefit investors in widely held firms might be irrelevant or even counterproductive in controlled firms , and vice versa .
RiskMetrics ' system , which is used by institutional investors around the world , attaches considerable weight to the arrangements governing contests for control .
Finally , when assessing controlled companies , the independence of directors should not be judged largely by looking at the extent to which they are independent of the company on whose board they serve . Rather , considerable attention should be given to their independence from the controlling shareholder .
In the future , banks should consider basing bonus compensation on broader measures , such as earnings before any payments made to bondholders .
Why Financial Pay Should n't be Left to the Market CAMBRIDGE -- Although some financial firms are reforming how they pay their employees , governments around the world are seriously considering regulating such firms ' compensation structures .
Indeed , it is a well documented fact that executives make considerable `` abnormal '' profits -- that is , above-market returns -- when trading in their own firms ' stock .
Indeed , Brown , for whom America remains `` Britain 's most important bilateral relationship , '' recently blocked his foreign secretary , David Miliband , from delivering a speech that he considered excessively pro-Europe .
To claim that Islam is incompatible with human rights is to consider it a civilization too hidebound to change . This is a historic fallacy .
They survived in order to resolve what for too long has looked like an insoluble conundrum : legitimizing Jewish statehood in the eyes of those who consider themselves its victims .
And , with the allies ' military operations eroding President Hamid Karzai 's domestic legitimacy , Obama might consider the advice of French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner , who warns that the answer in Afghanistan will have to be more political than military .
But even when US administrations have not embodied an emotional attachment to Israel , they have still backed Israel 's cause , provided that doing so can be sustained by considerations of realpolitik .
But the changing international environment , the threat of uncontrolled nuclear proliferation in the Middle East , and the new policies being worked out in the US might all be good reasons for Israel to consider revising its nuclear doctrine .
None of these countries is considering a military solution to the Afghan crisis .
But this does not mean that a Taliban victory or an Afghan crisis that spirals out of control is no threat to the Kremlin 's standing in Central Asia , a region it considers its strategic backyard .
Israel will most likely listen to America 's advice and consider a preemptive attack on Iran only after all diplomatic means have been exhausted , and after whatever sanctions are agreed upon fail to cut short Iran 's march toward possessing the bomb .
King Muhammad VI of Morocco has already indicated that the Crown would consider a `` historic compromise '' with the Islamists should they , as predicted , win the elections in June 2007 .
And how can hundreds of isolated settlements spread amidst a hostile Palestinian population ever be considered a strategic asset ?
But America itself is reconsidering its priorities .
And Iran and Syria , for their part , have never been too happy with Prime Minister 's Recep Tayyip Erdo?an 's aspirations to act as a broker in Lebanon , which they consider to be their strategic backyard .
The common fear of Iran is a major consideration here .
This implies a Europe-based approach that takes precedence over national considerations once national and European-level foreign policies are unified .
To fully appreciate the proposal 's absurdity , consider the extraordinarily successful East European growth model of the past two decades .
Price regulations and other ill-considered features of European policy contribute to the fact that 60 % of the world 's new drugs are developed in the US , compared to 40 % only ten years ago .
This will be considered tragic only for those who see a stable European federation as Europe 's manifest destiny .
But each will require considerable early efforts to reduce their fall-out .
Yet even the most enthusiastic advocates of military action against Iraq have to admit that such steps carry considerable risks , and no expert on the region I know shares the view , popular among arm-chair orientologists , that a change of regime in Baghdad will usher in a period of peace and stability all over the Middle East .
His support for international crisis missions in Kosovo , Bosnia , or Afghanistan required considerable political courage and made Germany one of the major contributors to international stability efforts .
The six governments that are currently considering the next steps to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear bomb -- the five permanent members of the UN Security Council and Germany -- should heed that advice .
Instead of formulating new sanctions for the UN Security Council , they should use the next few months to explore confidentially what level of restrictions combined with verification Iran would consider in exchange for undisputed enrichment .
America , eager to bring both Ukraine and Georgia into NATO , felt scant need to consider Russian concerns , convinced that the Kremlin would have no choice but to bow to the inevitable .
Or consider Iran , another power exploiting American weakness .
Moreover , it is hard to see how a corporation 's stakeholders can always arrive democratically at a common position on how the corporation should engage in social responsibility on their behalf . Each will consider his or her CSR view the best .
EU membership and the global war on terror , however , demand a more deeply considered response .
We must consider both our attitude to global problems that were once deemed peripheral to European interests , as well what it really means to be an EU partner .
Fortunately , inequalities can often be reduced considerably without spending much money .
Advocates of nuclear energy have made considerable political headway around the world in recent years , touting it as a safe , clean , and reliable alternative to fossil fuels .
At the very least , governments should follow Great Britain and France and consider publishing regular statistics on trends in the well-being of their citizens .
And Jospin was considered the only possible winner in 2002 , before finishing third , behind Chirac and Jean-Marie Le Pen .
China and Russia , which can be considered strategic rivals of the US , spend $ 35 billion and $ 24 billion , respectively -LRB- though these figures probably underestimate expenditure , the true amount is certainly still far below the US -- level -RRB- .
In other words , they react to their being considered and treated like some `` unknown other . ''
In fact , the resolution calls on the participants at a conference of donors , to take place in London at the end of January , `` to take into consideration the proposal of licensed production of opium for medical purposes , as already granted to a number of countries . ''
Finally , a third lesson -- relevant to the fight against the death penalty and , indeed , to winning any political battle -- is perseverance , which I consider to be a mix of pig-headedness and the ability to maintain one 's position .
Indeed , consider defense . A single standing EU army in lieu of Europe 's largely irrelevant and inefficient national armed forces , with a budget of around 1 % of EU GDP -- some ¤ 130 billion -- would instantly become the world 's second leading military force , after the US , in terms of resources and , one would hope , capabilities .
In the 1950 's , most of Europe considered the idea of a Union with a single Parliament a pipe dream .
NAPU would allow for wider , more consistent participation in the consideration of issues now ignored in all three countries .
Little wonder , then , that ordinary citizens consider a recession over only when the economy has returned to `` normal , '' which means that incomes are rising and jobs are no longer desperately scarce .
Neither the 2001 nor the 1974\/1975 US recessions met that criterion . In addition to real GDP , employment , income , and sales are considered , as are the depth , duration , and diffusion of the downturn throughout the overall economy .
But the economy did indeed grow in the interim -- just barely enough to consider them distinct recessions .
True , America 's original thirteen colonies were a loose federation , and many Americans considered themselves citizens of their state first and of the US second as late as a century after the Revolution .
The range of productivity and per capita income within the eurozone is considerably wider , making mobility even more important .
Those who would write off the euro as a failure should consider that it is only ten years old .
Despite the considerable advantages of a common currency -LRB- price transparency , lower transaction costs , and inflation credibility , to name a few -RRB- , the difficulty of macroeconomic management of such diverse economies looms larger than ever .
But infrastructure spending is usually slow -- and almost always driven heavily by parochial political considerations .
The final tab on the toxic mortgage bailout and other assets is likely to be a larger percentage of a larger amount , but still far less than the face value of the loans , because the underlying assets will in many cases retain considerable value .
Still , legislative bodies are cautious when considering possible changes to the law .
The decision in such cases is based mostly on personal and social considerations rather than medical ones .
Some consider this unfair , as it allows tissue donated by patients to be wholly appropriated by universities and industry .
Others consider this wise , as compensating individual tissue donors could block scientific progress and technological development .
Sunnis also will support the government , at least initially , because it represents their only opportunity to win what they consider their share of power , resources , and revenues .
Television coverage of athletes gasping for breath will hardly provide Beijing with the signature Olympic image it had in mind , and growing international anxiety over climate change and other environmental hazards will ensure that such issues receive considerable media coverage .
In India , where government is more often considered a drag on commerce than a catalyst of growth , the decisions that move local markets are now more likely to come from bureaucrats in Delhi than from innovators in Mumbai .
Understanding the increased importance of fiscal policy is complicated by confusion over how various euro-zone governments actually make policy decisions -- a process that relies on an ever-changing , complex mix of opaque institutional factors and domestic political dynamics that vary considerably from one country to another .
Though some of Iraq 's conservative local clerics wield considerable influence , its current leaders will resist any drive to transform the country into a socially repressive and isolated state .
Finally , just as Iran faces no China -- an outside player with considerable domestic influence -- North Korea faces no Israel , a neighbor that believes its security could depend on an act of military pre-emption .
With all that in mind , this latest move by Turkey 's parliament should be seen more as an ultimatum to Iraq 's Kurdish Regional Government to expel the Turkish Kurds and an attempt to persuade the US to use its considerable influence there .
It is time for serious reconsideration of the status and regulation of illegal drugs , pointing to selective legalization , as well as reclassification of the market as a public-health , rather than a criminal , concern .
The European Commission will submit a report for consideration by the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers by June 30 , 2006 .
In the light of Iraqi nationalism that crosses sectarian boundaries , it is farfetched to consider the Iraqi Shia merely proxies of Iran .
A recent poll by the University of Maryland indicates that a large majority of Arabs in the region consider Iranian President Mahmud Ahmadinejad one of the three most popular political leaders worldwide .
Indeed , far from being an electoral revolution , only two of those elected -- Barghouti and Muhammad Shtayyeh , who has headed PECDAR , the Palestinian agency that promotes transparency and economic development -- can be considered at all critical of the Fatah establishment .
In his public speeches , Casper more than once suggested that the Vatican considers Christian unification its main goal , and -- most important from the Orthodox perspective -- that `` unity does not have to mean sameness . ''
At the Islamabad meeting , the FDP agreed to provide finance for Pakistan 's energy-development program , and requested proposals from the Pakistanis for the development of other sectors considered vital for the economy .
There was considerable public anger in Pakistan at the way British Prime Minister David Cameron handled such suspicions , some of which was directed at President Asif Ali Zardari , who decided to proceed with a planned official visit to London despite Cameron 's harsh language .
These laws , originally promulgated by the British in colonial India and made more draconian by a succession of Pakistani administrations , make any comment considered to be disrespectful toward Islam or the Prophet Muhammad an offense punishable by death .
Gilani invited Singh to visit Pakistan , an invitation that `` will be considered carefully , '' according to Indian Foreign Secretary Nirupama Rao .
It is extraordinary to even consider that Pakistan 's military high command could have tolerated Bin Laden 's presence , given that he and Ayman al-Zawahiri , his second-in-command , had declared war on Pakistan .
On one hand , Pakistan is seeking large investments from China to improve its physical infrastructure and exploit its considerable mineral wealth .
His blog attracts 160,000 hits daily , and if he could run for prime minister -LRB- he ca n't , because of a criminal record -RRB- , more than half of Italy 's voters , according to a poll last year , would have considered voting for him .
The tribal feelings of Germans were considered , for obvious reasons , to be particularly toxic after Hitler 's Reich , which is why German flag-waving , until recently , was exercised with a slight air of shame-faced restraint that was entirely absent in surrounding countries .
On questions of Roman Catholic doctrine , his views were considered so out of line with the modern Church that the Vatican excommunicated him in 1988 , along with other members of the ultra-conservative Society of St. Pius X , founded by the fascist sympathizer Marcel Lefebvre .
Meanwhile , consider the case of another unappealing man , the Dutch politician Geert Wilders , who was banned last month from entering the United Kingdom , where he had planned to show his short film , entitled Fitna , which describes Islam as a terrorist faith .
Both men were motivated by common concerns for human rights and democracy , as well as perhaps by geopolitical considerations .
Referendums are a measure of popular gut feelings , rather than considered opinion , and popular gut feelings are rarely liberal .
When a Japanese official says that he will take something `` into serious consideration , '' he means `` no. ''
Whatever the merits -- and they are considerable -- of her arguments against the bigotry of Islamic or African customs , especially those concerning the treatment of women , she lent respectability to bigotry of a different kind : the native resentment of foreigners , and Muslims in particular .
So Dutch embassies are bracing themselves for violent demonstrations , and the government is considering special security measures .
This means that anyone holding to the moral doctrines of most Christian churches should nowadays be considered a second-class citizen in the European Union .
I hope that the European Parliament 's Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice , and Home Affairs will reconsider its behavior , and that the `` Buttiglione affair '' will remain only an ordinary political injustice against a single individual rather than the harbinger of second-class citizenship for religious believers .
That interpretation considered the horrors of Hitler 's National Socialism as a consequence of apostasy in Germany .
Given the distortion of reality that lay behind this vision , it is easy to understand how Pius XII came to be considered by its advocates an ally of Hitler .
Indeed , on the same basis , Adenauer could be -LRB- and was -RRB- considered a national socialist .
In addition , Pak Nam-gi , the senior finance ministry official considered responsible for North Korea 's botched issuance of a new currency last year , has disappeared , and Kim Yong-il , North Korea 's prime minister , was fired on June 7 .
Indeed , there is now considerable opposition to that vision in the US itself .
And the challenge of ensuring adequate surveillance appears insurmountable when one considers that polio can suddenly reappear out of the blue in a so-called wild-type form .
Today , what might be considered electoral democracies are found throughout the region .
Although this gap endangers the future of Latin American democracy , many Latin American leaders consider it apostasy to admit that living standards are little better today than they were during the era of dictators .
But consider this : Amnesty International and the US State Department have three basic indicators of human rights -- the right to life , the right to physical safety , and the right to freedom from political persecution .
Yet our leaders consider these subjects taboo .
Hamas then made a public proposal of a mutual ceasefire restricted to Gaza , which the Israelis considered and also rejected .
We understand , of course , the reluctance to intervene in what is traditionally considered a family matter .
A majority considered them offensive , and therefore expected interracial couples to show what is demanded today from Muslims in Manhattan : respect for other people 's sensitivities .
But , as worrying as this might appear , this actually represents a considerable demographic slowdown : India 's population more than tripled during the past sixty years .
The Judicial Massacre of Srebrenica The judgment of the International Court of Justice -LRB- ICJ -RRB- concerning Serbia 's involvement in the massacre of Bosnian Muslims at Srebrenica in 1995 should be greeted with considerable ambivalence .
Nor was Serbia guilty of complicity , because , though it exercised considerable influence over Mladic and his people , it did not know , at the moment when the genocide was taking place that such a crime was being committed .
The trade unions , employers ' associations , all opposition political parties , and even many of Berlusconi 's own MPs have united against what they consider to be an aberration .
Turning the Page in Mexico Three months from now , when Mexico 's new president Felipe Calderón takes office , many will consider it a dubious honor .
In a region where threats to democracy and human rights are growing , linking trade and economic policy to these considerations is not a bad idea .
In a region where threats to democracy and human rights are growing , linking trade and economic policy to these considerations is not a bad idea .
Former Salvadoran guerrilla leader Joaquín Villalobos ' lapidary conclusion about the Colombian narco-guerrilla movement is worthy of consideration , given his unmatched insight into Latin America 's armed , revolutionary left .
But the Security Council must be extremely cautious in considering any suspension of ICC proceedings .
Two fundamental considerations come to mind , and their ramifications in `` up-for-grab '' countries in Latin America , such as El Salvador , are particularly significant .
The first consideration involves the ALBA countries ' conduct of foreign policy .
The second consideration is that this behavior will continue . The reason seems clear enough : Cuba needs international aid desperately , and there are not too many places where it can find it .
The problem with all of this lies in the risk that Vargas Llosa and so many other Latin American public intellectuals run whenever they throw their considerable reputations and talents into the political arena .
After I 've given a lecture or a course on homosexuality , explaining at length why it can no longer be considered an illness , the questions are always the same : `` What are the symptoms ? ''
A man who has any `` feminine '' traits is `` poco hombre '' : boys who dislike soccer , men who enjoy the opera or express unmanly feelings such as sadness or tenderness , husbands who help with the housework or tend to their children , are considered effeminate .
The Eastern Partnership 's offer of deep integration with the EU in the areas such as trade and energy carries with it considerable transformational power .
Will the Tung government consider opposing views in redrafting the Article 23 laws ?
The Bush administration 's reaction was uncharacteristically blunt , with its call for `` Beijing to reconsider the passage of the law ' '' -- a rather directly worded intrusion into what China considers to be an internal matter .
While outright military conflict is still considered unlikely , the combination of China 's vague `` red lines '' and non-specific threats will certainly raise the likelihood of miscalculation and misinterpretation on both sides .
For deniers , the problem is not that the Holocaust occurred , but that most people still consider it to be a bad thing .
Germany does not seem to have done too badly in these 60 years , but consider the core of this `` imposition '' : the effort to give enduring political expression to the moral concepts of good and evil that the Nazis tried to invert .
Indeed , any Indian able to read this article should consider himself lucky , because India 's politicians have succeeded in keeping a majority of the country 's population thoroughly illiterate -LRB- as well as poor and unhealthy -RRB- .
Many consider India 's increasing mobilization along caste lines a welcome assertion of `` identity . ''
With family in Spain , he could immigrate , but he does n't consider that option seriously .
While the appeal of nuclear power has declined considerably in the West , it has grown among the so-called `` nuclear newcomers , '' which brings with it new challenges , including concerns about proliferation of nuclear weapons .
Yet , after dispatching 21,000 additional troops to Afghanistan , Obama is considering sending another 14,000 .
But , despite its corporate motto -- `` Do n't be evil '' -- Google itself was instrumental in aiding online censorship in China , having custom-built a search engine that purges all references and Web sites that the Chinese government considers inappropriate .
Few consider China 's rulers to be even remotely friendly , and this growing aversion to the mainland provides daring politicians with room to maneuver .
Enacted in Nanjing before the Chiang Kai-chek 's Kuomintang government resettled in Taipei after the Chinese Civil War of the 1940 's , Taiwan 's constitution is considered by some an anachronism , unfit for a democracy with a population of over 23 million .
Several more countries have laws that set the minimum work age between 12 and 16 , but the ILO cautions that few countries `` have what could be considered a comprehensive prohibition of dangerous work for young children , '' and that even fewer have `` measures to protect young persons from moral degradation . ''
Given these precedents and the widespread instability exposed by this year 's elections , perhaps Asian policymakers should consider the merits of doing away with `` cohabitation '' and adopting systems where electoral victory translates into real power .
For politicians like French President Nicolas Sarkozy , such considerations may be meaningless .
While such ideas are not for everyone , certain Continental countries secretly prefer Britain 's disjointed scenarios , with some heads of governments even considering their countries ' commitments reversible .
Democracies can do a good job of representing the interests of voters , but nobody represents the interests of non-voters -- including future generations and foreigners -LRB- consider global warming -RRB- -- who are affected by government policies .
· As a leading donor , the EU wields considerable power in Ethiopia and should be more willing to use it .
Another precondition for Mill was the ability and desire of citizens to make considered choices .
The main characteristic of this alternative is the coexistence of a common public sphere shared by all and a considerable degree of cultural separation in the `` private '' sphere , notably in residential areas .
It not only has considerable dollar reserves , but has also become the manufacturing capital of the world .
Or consider Tony Blair 's `` landslide victory '' in 2001 , when Labor won 40 % of the vote with turnout of 60 % .
The Pope 's legacy is , in other words , a story of great strengths and considerable weaknesses .
The third lesson follows from such considerations .
Toleration and respect for people who have their own beliefs are right and perhaps necessary to preserve an enlightened world . But there is the other side to consider .
Even so , in many parts of the world , women have made considerable headway on the path to the top .
To put the pre-invasion figure in perspective , consider United Nations Population Division figures , which are generally considered to be of very high quality .
Prior to the war , most observers thought that the situation in Iraq was considerably worse than in Iran .
Or consider the laboriousness of conducting negotiations in a room with 25 national delegations , 10 of whom will be unfamiliar with the way the EU works .
That would certainly be progress on the European side compared with what we have now , and would require much closer foreign policy cooperation within Europe than Britain , France , or Germany seem prepared to consider .
To understand why , consider that their proposal for a permanent Council President was paired with a proposal that the Commission President -- currently nominated by the Council of Ministers -- should in future be elected by the European Parliament , and subsequently be endorsed by a majority vote of the Council of Ministers .
The Basel Committee has proposed strengthening considerably both the quantity and the quality of capital in the global banking system .
If a central bank is committing public funds in support of individual firms , even with a systemic justification , do not different accountability considerations apply ?
And if it is a direct institutional supervisor , as well as being the lender of last resort , there are different considerations again .
When they are considered at all , they are deemed to be the inevitable price of progress .
Why should it be considered witty to celebrate the uselessness of knowledge ?
Pure science , as the name suggests , is presented as the `` real thing , '' untainted by practical considerations and rooted in properly conducted empirical and theoretical investigation of nature . Applied science takes the knowledge provided by pure science and puts it to work .
And that is why several other EU countries are now considering receiving ex-detainees cleared for release , but who , for compelling reasons , can not return to their countries of origin .
Upon reaching the top of the FNV , Holland 's largest trade union , Kok found himself in a position of considerable influence in Dutch economic policymaking .
Georgia 's government and donors should consider using aid to provide subsidies to private enterprises to encourage and lower the cost of employing IDPs .
Within those constraints , American managers were supposed to exercise considerably more discretion than their foreign counterparts , so that they could use their business judgment without being shackled and second-guessed .
Or consider the claims -- also rampant these days -- that further government attempts to increase demand , whether through monetary policy to alleviate a liquidity squeeze , banking policy to increase risk tolerance , or fiscal policy to provide a much-needed savings vehicle , will similarly fail .
Almost all of the world 's developed countries consider themselves , and are , social democracies : mixed economies with very large governments performing a wide array of welfare and social insurance functions , and removing large chunks of wealth and commodity distribution from the market .
But replacing private insurance with public insurance has its own problems : consider the parlous circumstances in which Britain 's National Health System finds itself , the result of generations of politically driven underinvestment in health care .
But do n't count on it , especially considering the share of marginal investment in Asia that is aimed , one way or another , at exporting to the American market .
Next , consider a comment by the former editor of the New York Times , Max Frankel , about how the Washington ecology of media leaks is healthy , because `` most reporters do not just lazily regurgitate ... leaks . ''
Now consider fiscal policy . The baroque structure of US government has always been hostile to the effective exercise of fiscal policy .
So my principles would then be developed from Karl Polanyi 's old observation that the logic of market exchange puts considerable pressure on that underlying foundation .
Gambler 's Ruin San Francisco -- From Adam Smith -LRB- 1776 -RRB- until 1950 or so , capital was considered by economists to be absolutely essential for economic growth .
In 2004-2007 , I considered that I might be wrong about a relatively rapid resolution to the world 's economic distress : as the late Rudi Dornbusch put it , unsustainable macroeconomic imbalances can sustain themselves longer than economists -LRB- with their touching faith in rational human decision making -RRB- believe is possible .
Indeed , Bush has backed several major anti-liberal initiatives : a steel tariff , the expansion of agricultural subsidies , and a declaration that FTAA -LRB- Free Trade Agreement of the Americas -RRB- negotiations can not even consider the impact of US agricultural subsidy programs on trade .
Now , Turkish Cypriots confront a new injustice , this time at the hands of the European Union , which is considering granting membership to the Greek-controlled section of Cyprus .
Motivating the EU 's action in considering Greek controlled Cyprus for membership is the fiction that the 1960 partnership Republic of Cyprus continues to exist .
The central challenge is political : correcting state policies formulated when resources , including oil , natural gas and food commodities , were not considered a driving force in the global economy .
Moreover , fairness and security considerations demand that the most vulnerable , who had no role in the making of this crisis , receive support .
Both China and India are demanding concessions from the US before they will even consider caps on greenhouse-gas emissions . Are you willing to sacrifice some economic growth domestically -- or , conversely , are you willing to jeopardize relations with China and India -- for the sake of the environment ?
The risks are considerable .
In Africa , rural land is generally considered to be state-owned , and is treated by governments as if it were their own .
This saves resources , but it also implies a considerable loss of meaning .
Moreover , anything beyond that traditional conception of space required a considerable conceptual leap , while the cosmological term made no measurable difference to other predictions .
He therefore considers the revival of America 's alliances to be a key foreign policy priority , and he has proposed that US forces in Iraq should be integrated into a NATO operation , as long as this remains under US command .
Why was informed consent from the research `` subjects '' considered unnecessary ?
Serbs consider him incompetent and responsible for their defeats of the 1990s , not least for making Serbia the country with largest refugee population in Europe - around 700,000 .
Another unspoken consideration may have been at work in the Guantanamo Bay case , which has garnered considerable international attention .
While most of the Court 's analysis focused on domestic considerations , the Justices also invoked a legal brief filed by the European Union that described the overwhelming disapproval of the practice in the world community .
Yet the high court has considered foreign policy implications before .
To be sure , the Brown precedent is not entirely analogous , for there the Supreme Court gave weight to foreign policy considerations in just the way that the federal executive had urged .
Moreover , if households hold off on spending , why should businesses consider making new investments ?
It also exposes the dark side of China 's growing involvement in Africa , namely that its thirst for oil outweighs humanitarian considerations .
Economists generally consider commodity futures to be the solution to higher price volatility , not its cause .
For example , when initial reports surfaced about the first swine flu cases , it took three weeks for the information to reach federal health authorities , because state governments were reluctant to report cases quickly due to political and electoral considerations .
Mexico has long considered itself the leader of Latin America , but Chile , Colombia , and the rising regional giant , Brazil , are increasingly leaving it behind .
It is now mainstream -- a fitting subject for even die-hard realists to consider and no longer a cause promoted by peace groups alone .
So none of the countries at risk would seriously consider reintroducing a national currency .
I was its founding chairman , and I do n't think anyone considers it a success .
Its saving grace is that it is widely considered illegitimate and therefore has little power .
The Right Way to Electric Cars NEW YORK -- Excitement about electric cars abounds nowadays , but consider the number of existing gasoline-powered cars : about 850 million .
That 's considerably less than the cost of a new car -- especially an electric one .
When that happens , I hope the antitrust authorities will consider a remedy that Ian Ayres , Hal Varian , and I devised .
G-20 chairs can have considerable influence .
It has rethought its traditional opposition to capital controls . It has suggested that central banks may want to consider higher inflation targets in order to avoid hitting the zero bound in the event of deflationary shocks .
If you ask Asian leaders what would make them consider again approaching the Fund after their traumatic experience with IMF `` assistance '' in 1997-1998 , they will answer : an Asian managing director .
Asia has plenty of competent economic officials who might be considered as the next managing director of the IMF .
Fiscal velocity may be considerable -- that is , deficits may be large -- but there is no sign of a brick wall ahead .
If there is a consensus on one issue , it is the impossibility of understanding the bubble and the crash without considering the role of global imbalances .
They have no access to political and economic power in a society that considers them of scant value .
One way to understand current conditions -- and what is needed to improve them -- is to consider two events that recently attracted considerable worldwide attention : the launch of Boeing 's Dreamliner passenger jet and the tragic death of Apple 's Steve Jobs .
Creditors would then ask many more questions before adding to their already-considerable holdings of US government debt , generating still more headwinds in a US economy that already faces an unemployment crisis and uneven growth .
After some considerable volatility , a smaller and more robust currency union will emerge ; and , importantly , Europe will avoid the euro 's demise and a total breakdown of the eurozone .
Today , however , several -LRB- though not all -RRB- emerging-market countries are benefiting from years of considerable efforts to reduce their financial vulnerability by accumulating huge amounts of international reserves .
Today 's emerging countries have considerable policy flexibility and much greater latitude to act than they had in the past .
Here the Finns , who chair the EU right now , have taken an initiative to implement a pragmatic solution that takes into consideration both sides in the conflict .
Moreover , anatomically modern populations shared a number of these innovations with Neanderthals , which many anthropologists and geneticists consider a different species , or a human type inherently incapable of reaching our cognitive level .
Very close species may have similar behavioral systems and , in the case of our close predecessors , the shared features probably included many traits we have preferred to consider the monopoly of our species , including symbolic behavior .
The jury remained out even after Kenya in early 2008 , when horrific post-election violence was widely considered an RtoP case , and former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan led a successful diplomatic mission to persuade ethnic-group leaders to quell the storm .
There was considerable sentimental attachment toward Aboriginal sportsmen and women , and indeed toward Australia 's indigenous people generally -- apparent in the outpouring of emotion , remarked worldwide , that accompanied Prime Minister Kevin Rudd 's moving `` Apology to the Stolen Generation '' in 2008 .
Although an Atlantic Monetary Union -LRB- between the US and the EU -RRB- is a long-term prospect , it should be considered as a grand design for the future .
So they invest and speculate fiercely without much consideration of risk .
Indeed , given the difficulty in estimating the total size of resources , many consider peak oil theories irrelevant .
Some who believe in the imminence of peak oil consider these barriers essentially irrelevant , arguing that their removal would merely delay the peak for a few years .
Indeed , nuclear options should not be considered as an extension of conventional options .
So , if the US develops nuclear weapons that blur the distinction between conventional and nuclear forces , the message this sends to the rest of the world must be considered .
At a time when the US brands as `` evil '' certain countries based , in part , on their pursuit of nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction , it must be especially careful in how it considers its own options and contingencies regarding nuclear weapons .
In considering the fiscal implications of Obama 's health proposals , it is important that the current legislation would still leave 25 million individuals without insurance .
There is one further important consideration in thinking about the future value of the dollar : relative inflation rates in the US and abroad . The US trade deficit depends on the real value of the dollar -- that is , the value of the dollar adjusted for differences in price levels in the US and abroad .
At the annual Fed conference at Jackson Hole , Wyoming in August , Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke explained that he was considering a new round of quantitative easing -LRB- dubbed QE2 -RRB- , in which the Fed would buy a substantial volume of long-term Treasury bonds , thereby inducing bondholders to shift their wealth into equities .
Although this change is driven by Chinese domestic considerations , it could have a significant impact on global capital flows and interest rates .
Although I support the need for a large fiscal package , I disagree with many of the specific features of the plans now under consideration .
It does , however , buy political time for US administrations to continue prosecuting ill-considered and expensive wars with little domestic scrutiny .
Properly considered , Poland 's existential interests , its geopolitical location , and its history , demand that it do everything to contribute as much as possible to a strong EU .
It is hard to understand why the US does so little to advance the goal of regional stabilization , especially since it still retains considerable leverage in this respect .
Will the global ecosystem be able to absorb these additional pollutants without considerable changes in the ecosphere ?
This applies in particular when the perception concerns what the parties consider to be threats to their very existence .
Beyond that , however , we should seriously consider whether , within the framework of the Treaty of Nice and on the basis of the Common Market , all parties involved and Europe would be better off parting ways : members favoring political integration should move on , while those satisfied with the Common Market should stay behind .
Russia considers the agreements from the 1990 's unjust , based as they were on its weakness at the time , and it wants to revise them .
A year before , few people considered this world-shaking event even a remote possibility .
This means that , when considering a `` new eastern policy , '' the European Union must focus first and foremost on Ukraine .
When the Ankara Protocol was agreed , the government of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an achieved something that , until then , had been considered impossible : he shattered the decades-old opposition of Turkish Cypriots to a compromise between the two parts of the divided island .
The EU is about to commit a grave strategic error by allowing its report this autumn to be guided by the short-sighted domestic policy considerations of some of its important member states .
And Obama considers progress in the Middle East peace process essential to separating Iran from the `` Arab street , '' thereby changing the region 's balance of power for the better .
The West , and Europe in particular , really ca n't afford to alienate Turkey , considering their interests , but objectively it is exactly this kind of estrangement that follows from European policy towards Turkey in the last few years .
What remains of the effort to prevent a repeat of the crisis are tightened EU controls on national budgets and , regarding the treaty change to be considered , the continuation of the rescue package -LRB- which previously was due to expire in 2013 -RRB- , probably under a different name .
It was most likely prompted solely by domestic political considerations .
To be sure , Germany 's leaders still consider themselves to be pro-European and reject such criticism with indignation .
Any eurozone political leader whose primary consideration now is re-election will face certain failure by meeting this historical challenge .
Should the US be tempted now , in response to the failure of its policy , to consider a military `` option '' against Iran , the nuclearization of the international system will not be arrested .
But Israel 's current passivity -- with all of its negative long-term consequences for the country -- is likely to continue as long as Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu considers his coalition 's survival more important than a decisive peace initiative .
European spending on export refunds has declined considerably in recent years -- from 30 % of agricultural expenditure in the early 1990 's to less than 1 % today -LRB- if rural development is excluded -RRB- .
Phelps was also 10 to 20 years ahead of the profession when he developed the theories of wage efficiency and inflation targeting , which are now considered to be the state of the art concerning the labor market and monetary management .
His research program consisted of introducing the imperfection of information and knowledge into economic theory , which he then reformulated , giving serious consideration to agents ' expectations .
But , historically , Europe has succeeded when , at moments of danger , it has initiated irreversible processes that outweigh any other consideration .
To see how high performance can be faked , consider a fairly rare event , such as the S&P 500 falling by more than 20 % in the coming year .
The DSM 5 definition of an `` autistic spectrum '' will cast an even wider net , capturing many people now considered to be normal or to have another disorder .
The G-20 will discuss whatever the bigger countries consider it most useful to discuss .
In the past , however , different central banks exhibited considerable differences in their intervention behavior .
One proposal worth considering is to upgrade and strengthen the European Investment Bank 's Facility for Euro-Mediterranean Investment and Partnership -LRB- FEMIP -RRB- , which would become an autonomous institution , perhaps headquartered in the Middle East or North Africa , with shares held by the region 's governments -LRB- or other institutions -RRB- and other willing parties .
When it comes to currency markets , parity levels based on international trade are merely one of many factors that traders may consider .
As the exchange rate moves away from this range , the central bank 's regular announcements would heighten the concern of currency traders that other traders will consider it increasingly risky to hold open positions .
But before we endorse the idea of an irreducible clash of civilizations , we should consider why modern secular liberalism arose in the West in the first place .
A useful simplification in addressing the potential work of research ethics panels is to consider two models of review : `` inquisitorial '' and `` accusatorial . ''
Similarly , the Chinese government 's later , and quite sudden , about-face in recognizing the rebel Transitional National Council as Libya 's government aroused considerable sneering at home .
They would have understood that the calculations provided were at complete odds with reality , and they would have considered what to do about it .
But it would be best for all to pause a moment , contemplate T3 in Beijing , consider what it represents , and reflect on what an accomplishment the quick completion of such an iconic structure is for an emerging country like China .
Although the needs of krill-dependent species were previously considered for large areas of the Southern Ocean , the CCAMLR must still scientifically subdivide the overall catch limit into smaller units .
In retrospect , Russian membership should probably be considered a mistake .
Chile Stays the Course BUENOS AIRES -- When Sebastián Piñera -- the moderately conservative tycoon who was recently elected president -- takes office on March 11 , Chile will experience what some political scientists consider a watershed in every successful transition to democracy : the rotation of power among political parties .
Rather than wait for a rising tide to lift all boats , policymakers should consider direct policy interventions to reduce poverty .
Lagging states spend considerably less than leading states on social services , including education and health care .
As a result , policymakers should begin to consider direct policy interventions to accelerate social progress , with a particular focus on human development and gender inclusiveness .
Deeper social disparities should never be viewed as the inevitable price of rapid growth , and more egalitarian outcomes in education , health , and gender should not be considered `` second-stage '' reforms .
It typically means , as DeBakey experienced and as his physicians anticipated , an extended hospitalization marked by reliance on machines , multiple complications , and considerable suffering .
It also means systematically considering cost and life expectancy in decisions about reimbursing high-technology medical care .
Indeed , we have lowered the boundary for `` overweight '' to include people considered `` normal '' a generation ago .
Given the country 's considerable efforts to mediate and quell regional conflicts , providing a haven for shielding West Africa 's chief destabilizer runs counter to its national interest , and popular opposition to shielding him is growing in Nigeria .
Stagnation in computer design is not surprising , considering that familiarity is so comfortable .
People rarely consider that the tangible features assumed to be intrinsic to the `` computer '' were imitations of other objects , with keyboards inherited from typewriters and screens from television .
The telephone dial did n't appear until 1919 , when the first group of self-designated `` user interface scientists '' at Western Electric considered what the most intuitive form should be .
For example , consider methane clathrate , an ice-like stone that in most cases is built in an ordered way by a complex collaboration of microbes .
Or consider combinations of problems , such as these chemical infectors mixing with airborne pollens , and apparently pushing up incidences of asthma .
Tracking the movement of individuals by the locator in their cell phones is possible , and it is surely under consideration .
If a lot of people are leaving their seats during a sporting event , you might consider it an indication that the event is not exciting .
The most important thing to consider is where we will go from here .
This would compel the remaining holdouts -- China , Egypt , India , Indonesia , Iran , Israel , North Korea , and Pakistan -- to reconsider the CTBT as well .
As we engage in furthering our Conventional Forces in Europe -LRB- CFE -RRB- agreement , we should seriously consider reducing the burden of military budgets and forces globally .
A country with such influence over a military superpower can not be considered weak .
A state that is involved in three global regions -LRB- Europe , Central Asia , and the Far East , not to mention the Arctic -RRB- and borders several others can not be considered `` regional . ''
Sometimes the RCB acted as the government 's banker , providing liquidity without considering the financial markets ; at other times , it focused on the financial markets , providing liquidity to banks .
The Other Switzerland BRUSSELS -- As policymakers scratch their heads and wonder how best to absorb different cultures and religions into Europe 's very distinct national societies , they could do worse than consider some new ideas being developed in Switzerland .
I suppose that I belong to an expat generation that has not been educated to consider voting an essential right , if not a duty , and I regret that .
Of course , if a developing country 's private sector is taking off , foreign aid might be considered unnecessary .
The key point is not that manufacturing jobs are somehow better , but rather that we must consider the asymmetry in the structural-adjustment process .
This changed with the advent of floating exchange rates in the early 1970 's , which allowed more stability-conscious countries , such as Germany , to decouple from a US monetary policy that they considered too inflationary .
The official line so far has been `` no default , '' meaning no sovereign default or that of any bank can be considered .
But the opposite is also true : when an import boom ends , measured GDP must drop considerably , because much less intermediation is needed .
Until now , it had been assumed that the cost of exit would be so high that no country would consider it .
The sub-prime crisis has so far affected mainly financial markets in the US and Europe . This is not surprising if one considers that on both sides of the Atlantic prices have reached historical peaks and , until recently , had accelerated .
Such a large overshooting is likely to be followed by some undershooting . This would imply that prices will probably have to fall at least by 20-30 % , but possibly considerably more before they find a bottom .
While there is little evidence in the euro area of large-scale sub-prime lending , there is considerable evidence to suggest that house prices have an important impact on domestic demand , albeit with wide variations among individual countries .
This would give management considerable de facto independence , since under the one person , one vote principle the larger member countries could no longer block issues just because they are politically inconvenient .
When the Maastricht Treaty was negotiated , the Germans considered this provision an important concession .
When the G-20 leaders meet in London , they should consider giving the IMF the independence it needs to become an effective guardian of global financial stability . Putting independent experts on this Board will be a key step in that direction .
Moreover , Sarkozy 's discussions with British Prime Minister Gordon Brown during his two-day state visit to London in March prominently featured a deal to use France 's considerable nuclear expertise to build a new generation of nuclear power stations in Britain -- another source of discord with Germany .
The problem with being the bridge , though , is that neither side -- neither the `` West '' nor the `` Muslim world '' -- considers Turkey fully one of its own .
To see why , consider Nigeria .
There are limits to what Russia can accomplish in the world in any positive sense , although its capacity to be a spoiler or create problems is considerable .
One need only consider Austria-Hungary and Ottoman Turkey at the start of the twentieth century or the former Yugoslavia at its end .
Terrorism and Counter-Terrorism Reconsidered
Terrorism and Counter-Terrorism Reconsidered The arrests in London of 21 terrorists who appear to have planned to blow up a number of airplanes over the Atlantic reminds us , if any reminder is needed , of the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of September 11 , 2001 .
Changes in foreign and defense policy are more considerable .
Both countries have many reasons to pursue this goal , considering North Korea 's missile and nuclear programs , terrorism , and the numerous challenges to stability around the world .
Finally , governments should consider contributing troops to help establish order , train the Iraqi police and military , and help Iraq guard its borders .
As a result , there is considerably less public pressure to do something dramatically different .
The United Nations Security Council and the G-8 should be reconstituted to reflect the world of today rather than the post-1945 era , and the participation of non-state actors in multilateral organizations and processes will need to be considered .
Getting everyone to agree on everything will be difficult ; instead , we should consider accords with fewer parties and narrower goals .
For good reason , much attention is focused on foreign policy differences between the two nominees , which in many areas are both obvious and considerable .
A nuclear Iran would likely act more aggressively throughout the region in the belief that its nuclear capability afforded it considerable protection .
But , unless international thinking gets considerably more realistic in a hurry , what happens in Copenhagen will be anything but wonderful .
The consequences of failure in Copenhagen could be considerable .
And it is not just the developing and emerging countries that must reconsider their approach to the world .
The Obama administration may want to reconsider its commitment to leave and , instead , negotiate a new accord -LRB- one that would allow as many as 20,000 US troops to stay in Iraq for years to come -RRB- if and when a new Iraqi government emerges .
-LRB- Republicans , however will argue for putting less pressure on Israel to compromise and more pressure on Iran . -RRB- But he can expect considerable backing from Republicans if he wants to maintain a sizeable US military presence in Afghanistan beyond this July , or a modest military presence in Iraq beyond the end of 2011 .
Likewise , head covering for Muslim women is considered a requirement .
If you do n't think this work important , consider that half the nitrogen in your body is synthetic , a product of a Haber-Bosch factory .
In the future , China will have to rely more heavily on interest rates to manage monetary policy , using the price of capital , not political considerations , to influence how firms make investment decisions .
Californians will have to decide how much weight to give to respect for adult liberty , protection of minors , avoidance of a large-scale black market , fiscal considerations , and protection of marijuana users ' health .
The main point of the new European regulatory measures under consideration -LRB- apart from the so-called new Basel III rules -RRB- is to bring more stability to the financial system .
Many Europeans share this belief , but , as the EU considers entering the fray of Middle East peace talks , it must respond to former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon 's jibe that in the region `` you are payers , not players . ''
At the opposite extreme , the gloating by US neo-conservatives should be tempered by a clear consideration of America 's interests .
Many people consider it outrageous , even blasphemous , to deny the divine origin of morality .
But insights into the changing moral landscape , in which issues like animal rights , abortion , euthanasia , and international aid have come to the fore , have not come from religion , but from careful reflection on humanity and what we consider a life well lived .
However , the key factor in the present circumstances -- particularly for us in what was until recently considered the East -- is that the West has also deepened and propagated fundamental principles such as the rule of law , respect for human rights , a democratic political system , and economic freedom .
While many other countries now also profess these values , they belong to other geographical areas and therefore -- if only for this purely external reason -- can not be considered part of the West .
No single geographical and cultural territory can be considered a priori better than any other once and for all , or as a matter of principle .
Western diplomats had their countries ' economic interests to consider , but , unlike the Soviet side , they took seriously the idea of `` dissidents or trade . ''
It is time to strongly condemn the exclusion of a considerable number of people from voting and to insist on the release of Burma 's political prisoners .
The UN Security Council should consider introducing a universal arms embargo , and the EU should adopt banking sanctions that target the regime and its cronies .
And the regimes were considered to be too brutal , as we see tragically in Libya , to go down without a fight .
Saudi Arabia , a self-proclaimed bulwark of Islamic conservatism , where popular democracy has never been considered a legitimate form of rule , has been more aggressive in some arenas than in others .
Widening the scope of the next round of negotiations so that much more can be used as bargaining chips would make the job of the negotiators considerably harder .
But it would also give them considerably more to work with .
There is a considerable gap between offers of advice one can not refuse and the responsibility to deal with the consequences when that advice proves wrong or extremely difficult to implement .
There has been considerable discussion about how regional developments could eventually affect the peace process .
Meanwhile , NATO planners desperately sought to identify targets that would either deny him the means of ethnic cleansing , or , more often , encourage him to reconsider his position .
The alliance 's reluctant warriors ought to consider that risk as they stand on the sideline .
The mystery deepens when we recall that this consideration has been a part of Blair 's calculations ever since he became leader of the Labor Party in 1994 .
A saving element in British politics is that such appeals are usually considered embarrassing .
But because of the weight of electric batteries , their limited range , cost , and other considerations , batteries are best suited primarily for short-range city cars .
We can stage round-table after round-table to discuss the importance of our relations with China , but if issues like Iran , Africa , or other trouble spots are not managed better , the West will inevitably consider China a security threat .
Driven by its compulsion to make war on Iraq at all costs , Washington has shown little inclination to consider the war 's long-term impact on countries lying at the periphery of the war zone .
The mullahs , on the other hand , consider Musharraf an agent of the great Satan , America , and thus a traitor to Islam .
These include the Jaish-e-Muhammad , considered to be the pioneer of suicide bombings in the region .
Therefore , developing nation policymakers should consider encouraging households to change their food practices .
All conditions that display five or more of nine symptoms -- including low mood , lack of pleasure , sleep and appetite difficulties , inability to concentrate , and fatigue -- over a two-week period are now considered depressive disorders .
Symptoms otherwise meeting the DSM criteria are not considered disorders if they arise after the death of an intimate , do not last more than two months , and do not include certain particularly severe symptoms .
In recognition of its outsized historic and per capita emissions , the US should agree to economy-wide emissions reductions in line with domestic climate legislation currently being considered .
I do not attribute any malign or sinister purposes to the OSCE presence in Albania , unless one considers inertia malign .
Another consideration essential to fighting a proxy war is to prevent the proxy from appearing the stooge of the principal agent .
To Err is Science Until now , discovery was often considered the main goal of medical science .
Instead of taking scientific evidence as dogma , we should consider it as tentative information that should be ascribed a level of credibility .
But , it has recognized the need to include monetary analysis -- in a very broad sense -- into its policy considerations . And the strategy was flexible enough to integrate the broadening and deepening of both the monetary and economic analysis .
Today , however , it is hard to find anybody who does not consider the euro a great success , and the ECB has been so sure-footed that people now take that success for granted .
McCain 's advisors would do well to consider a historical precedent : the failed British attempt at World War I 's close to maintain a long-term military presence in Iraq .
Over the coming decade , seizing that opportunity would increase the size of Europe 's economy considerably -- by up to 5 % over the next decade .
Periods of globalization have been eras of considerable economic advance ; but they have also increased inequality within particular countries , as markets rewarded scarce factors of production , thus fueling powerful political backlashes that endangered the continuation of trade and financial integration .
In 2003 , Ben Bernanke , then a Governor of the US Federal Reserve , stated in a speech that many Americans considered inflation targeting `` foreign , impenetrable , and possibly slightly subversive . '' That feeling is stronger now .
American policymakers expended considerable effort devising ways to support the pound , because they knew that the same factors that made the pound vulnerable also threatened the dollar .
The solution that was eventually adopted was considered brilliant at the time , because it avoided formal default by any of the big Latin American borrowers -LRB- though Brazil briefly defaulted five years later , in 1987 -RRB- .
For decades , academic analysts have been fighting over whether such large-scale family businesses should be considered beneficial .
All three of Murdoch 's marriages have produced children , though those from his current relationship are too young to be considered potential corporate successors .
Even in larger countries , the costs and benefits of membership in a currency union are under renewed consideration .
This is one of the reasons why theorists such as Milton Friedman considered a bimetallic standard inherently more stable than a monometallic -LRB- gold-based -RRB- regime .
China can already see considerable problems in the medium term .
These initial considerations cover only a small range of the conceivable environmental effects of the Iraq war .
`` Quiet baby syndrome , '' for example , when mothers praise their babies for never crying , is now considered a warning sign for methyl mercury-induced brain damage in children .
Blowouts have become the most troublesome type of oil spills , and in deep water they tend to continue for a considerable time because of the difficulties faced in containing them .
In particular , the US should consider introducing a value-added tax -LRB- VAT -RRB- , widely used in other industrialized countries .
Another obvious step to consider is to phase out the tax exclusion for employer-sponsored health plans , which would not only increase revenue , but also end the distorting effects of employer subsidization of health care .
But , considered more broadly , the seriousness of today 's situation is primarily due to Europe 's refusal to reform global economic governance , compounded by years of political mismanagement and self-deception in the United States .
Yet , in many ways , accumulating reserves worked better than anyone could have imagined -- countries found that they could withstand considerable shocks and growth was impressive both domestically and globally .
If a considerable fraction of the world economy wants to run a current-account surplus -LRB- by 2006 , this included much of emerging Asia , most oil exporters , and Japan -RRB- , an equal share of the world economy must run a deficit .
There is a considerable degree of heterogeneity in any population , so it is neither fair nor desirable that everyone should be forced to retire at the same age .
Plans were considered to publicly rebut my findings .
This growing alienation probably played a considerable part in US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton saying that deteriorating security in nuclear-armed Pakistan `` pose -LRB- d -RRB- a mortal '' threat to the US .
The Israelis then explained to their hosts -- in considerable detail -- the potential economic consequences for China if an Israeli strike on Iran should become necessary in order to stop Iran from fulfilling its `` nuclear ambitions . ''
But the case was motivated almost exclusively by political and ideological considerations , with evidence gathered from newspaper clips and anti-government op-eds .
But , while Abe 's commitment to what he describes as `` future-oriented '' relations with China and South Korea represents a welcome departure from the Koizumi government 's record , his policy agenda in fact implies considerable continuity with Japan 's heightened focus on diplomacy and security issues .
To be sure , the government is ultimately responsible for determining the appropriate scale of defense power in line with fiscal considerations .
Why is China , usually considered a `` continental power , '' engaging in this maritime expansion ?
Some may , but it seems that the majority simply do not recall or consider the lessons of recent history .
For , while Russia 's elite never considered itself defeated in the Cold War , the West essentially treated Russia as a defeated country -- an attitude symbolized by NATO 's eastward expansion , which laid a deep foundation for ongoing tension .
Nevertheless , the treaty is a considerable achievement .
More importantly , Russia considers these weapons insurance against the possibility of Chinese conventional superiority .
Of course , each side considered itself peaceful , and would not admit that it , too , had to be deterred .
Nor does Russia need to cater to pacifism for domestic political considerations , as a pacifist movement is non-existent in my country .
But will the Fund now abandon its long-held emphasis on government cutbacks , monetary contraction , and overall austerity , policies that -- in the opinion of many development economists -- do considerably more harm than good ?
Are the IMF and the World Bank actually willing to reconsider their failed policies ?
There is a growing body of alternative ideas in this area -- including work by the Nobel laureates Joseph Stiglitz and Paul Krugman -- which the IMF and the World Bank should consider .
Many consider him to be an old , out-of-touch cleric with no feel for their concerns .
Throughout Iran 's long history , Shiite seminaries exercised great influence on Iranian society and politics , but they had been considered civil institutions .
It was not until the Iranian revolution that the seminary establishment came to be considered a source of political legitimacy .
Iran 's current supreme ruler , Seyyed Ali Khamenei , whose religious degree was a focus of suspicion in the seminary and among the clerical elite , was not considered a jurist by merit .
The economy remains the one area of Iranian life where Ahmedinejad retains considerable power .
As recent months have shown , he will consider a compromise with the West only when he loses his certainty that all is under control internally .
Korolev was the head of the council , but the other Chief Designers - -- more than a dozen -- considered themselves no less significant .
Korolev was offended ; his rocket was n't just a piece of metal , and , after his success with Sputnik , he no longer considered Glushko his equal .
Even Putin 's Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov , a former KGB colleague and a man often considered to be Putin 's closest advisor within his government , does not fully agree with him on the terms of collaboration with America .
Like other democratic leaders , he might consider working in the private-sector , like Gerhard Schröder , or , better yet , write books and help Tsunami victims , like Bill Clinton or become an environmentalist , like Mikhail Gorbachev .
But the funeral last week in Budapest of General Béla Király , who commanded the Hungarian Revolution 's freedom fighters in 1956 , and this week 's funeral in Warsaw of the philosopher Leszek Kolakowski , whose break with Stalinism that year inspired many intellectuals -LRB- in Poland and elsewhere -RRB- to abandon communism , made me reconsider my grandfather 's legacy .
Thus , instead of investing in the energy industry -- the lifeblood of the economy -- in order to reverse declining output , the Kremlin is devoting its energy to a presidential commission to `` counteract attempts to falsify history to the detriment of Russia 's interests . '' This means that the state will decide which interpretations of history should be considered `` true , '' creating endless opportunities for manipulation to serve the agenda of those in power .
At considerable domestic political risk , Tymoshenko concluded a long-term gas transit and purchase agreement with Russia that is transparent and market-oriented , as well as a far-reaching agreement with the European Union , the World Bank , the EBRD , and the European Investment Bank on reform of Ukraine 's gas sector and gas-transit system .
During the last few years , popular support for Putin has weakened considerably , largely due to a stagnating , commodities-based economy .
But the disarmament and non-proliferation agenda is too important to let the CD lapse into irrelevancy as states consider other negotiating arenas .
Last September , I convened a high-level meeting at the UN to consider ways to revitalize the CD 's work and to advance multilateral disarmament negotiations .
They could agree on a framework of separate , mutually reinforcing instruments . Or they could consider negotiating a nuclear-weapons convention , backed by a strong verification system , as has long been proposed at the UN .
Aid programs for developing nations should be considered a part of any global stimulus and long-term economic recovery plan .
Also in September , countries that have signed the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test Ban Treaty -LRB- CTBT -RRB- will meet at the UN to consider ways to promote its early entry into force . North Korea 's nuclear tests , its missile launches and its threats of further provocation lend new urgency to this cause .
Second , I urged the Security Council to consider other ways to strengthen security in the disarmament process , and to assure non-nuclear-weapon states against nuclear weapons threats . I proposed to the Council that it convene a summit on nuclear disarmament , and I urged non-NPT states to freeze their own weapon capabilities and make their own disarmament commitments . Disarmament must enhance security .
Governments should consider gender quotas at the local level of politics .
In 2004 , the European Union , the United States , and a good part of the international community invested considerable energy in trying to resolve the conflict once and for all .
The US must consider partnering with Turkish civil society in this regard , serving the cause of strengthening democracy both in Turkey and its neighborhood .
For the first time in twelve years , the Court will consider whether execution of the mentally retarded violates the US Constitution 's prohibition of `` cruel and unusual '' punishment , which the Court interprets according to the `` evolving standards of decency that mark the progress of a maturing society . ''
The North Koreans consider any reliance on the outside world as a source of weakness , even though their economy would collapse without Chinese handouts .
Indeed , there is considerable talk among Western security services that the recently disclosed centrifuges were not actually assembled in the Nyeongbyeon facility , implying that Kim 's regime is hiding another facility .
Fukushima Daiichi withstood the earthquake , but no one considered the possibility of ten-meter-high tsunami waves hitting a nuclear plant .
Osamu Suzuki , CEO and COO of the company -LRB- and a grandson-in-law of its founder -RRB- , is a creative decision maker , a maverick who considers himself an `` old man in a mom-and-pop company '' that concentrated most of its resources on producing motorcycles and light motor vehicles .
Although Ozawa retains considerable influence and so may be able to exercise his will on the DPJ , this must not be allowed to happen .
By that definition , China considers the islands -LRB- whose ownership is disputed by Vietnam and the Philippines -RRB- as much a part of the mainland as Tibet and Taiwan , making any outside interference taboo .
Anything that diminishes Chirac -- who has weakened the EU by pushing a protectionist , corporate state model for Europe , and telling the new smaller members to `` shut up '' when they disagreed with him -- must be considered good news for Europe and European integration .
Finally , while Europe 's left may be boastfully proclaiming in Katrina 's wake , `` Thank God for our social solidarity , '' there is considerable doubt even about what `` our '' actually means .
Infuriated by what he considered to be guerilla tactics , Trichet effectively silenced the mischief-makers by the bold stroke of pre-announcing the rate hike two weeks before the meeting .
Given US President George W. Bush 's extreme unpopularity in Europe , the emergence of an anti-American right should no longer be considered a remote possibility .
The fledgling bank earned enormous credibility , but also considerable enmity , by sticking to its anti-inflation mandate .
Much as Serbia still considers Kosovo to be one of its provinces , key parts of the international community have invested too much financial and political capital in Kosovo to want to reopen the question of its political status .
In contrast to this neglect , Serbia 's government -- at considerable cost -- maintains a large public payroll and parallel administration so as to retain its influence .
And Kosovo officials should consider that if the impasse continues for much longer , the West 's massive financial support for their state will become increasingly difficult to defend , especially given fiscal austerity at home .
In Moscow , development organizations and recipient countries , both long-standing and newer partners -- including Russia , China , Korea , Turkey , and Poland -- will meet to share best practices , consider innovations in development , and find ways of using aid more effectively to respond to shared global challenges .
To be sure , as North Korea seemingly snubbed the international community in recent years , there was considerable popular discontent with the previous two administrations ' `` sunshine '' policy , which emphasized peaceful cooperation prior to eventual Korean unification .
? We must cultivate mutual respect and consideration , so as to reach a reasonable balance of interests , instead of thinking only of unlimited power and unavoidable competitive struggles ;
The third reason for pursuing dialogue is that factional infighting and political intrigue within the Iranian regime make for considerable political fluidity .
They will consider both easing repression , in order to gain sympathy , and tightening it , in order to prevent uncontrollable protests . But , whatever they do , they -- and the rest of the world -- must now expect surprises .
Finally , Palestinian negotiators must consider the consequences of using their most valuable bargaining chip -- the ability to reject a perceived bad deal -- in terms of its direct effect on Palestinians and the strong possibility of continued expansion of Jewish settlements on Palestinian lands .
But the Israeli government and army refuse , calling Hamas `` terrorists '' in order to deny them legitimacy , despite previously reaching understandings in southern Lebanon with Hezbollah , which they also consider a `` terrorist organization . ''
But , until that happy day arrives , or at least until the two sides have reached the contours of an agreement , direct talks and photo opportunities should be considered counter-productive .
Thus , Ben Ali has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors .
The second issue the Court considered was the conflict between constitutional principles : the clash between freedom to express one 's thoughts and condemnation of Ellwanger for the crime of racism .
Regardless of the president 's political slant , if the FA remains in office , the social-democratic reforms of recent years are likely to continue , although with different emphases and considerable variations imposed by the economic cycle and the government 's political resources .
Sikorski 's argument shocked many US officials , because he is considered one of the most pro-American politicians in Poland . But it reflects a widespread sentiment among many Poles , including those who are staunch supporters of close ties to the US .
As a result , the collapse of the old power structures in many Middle East countries is likely to be accompanied by considerable political turmoil and violence .
Several Central and Latin American countries have now chosen -LRB- or are considering -RRB- this path as well . But official dollarization , no less than a currency board , implies the absence of a lender of last resort .
It is not necessary to consider countries in Africa or the Middle East to understand the problem .
As young people consider themselves immortal , not even appeals to lifelong vanity , let alone warnings about cancer , are sufficient to deter them from the tanning booths .
Now , however , due to the surge in crude oil prices , even Bush has had to begin to consider alternative energy sources , and it wo n't be possible to limit these to nuclear power or ethanol , which is so popular among farmers , a key Bush constituency .
Likewise , consider Silicon Valley : Intel , Yahoo ! , Google , and eBay were all co-founded by immigrants .
The bad news is that the other candidates allegedly being considered -- all current or mainly former heads of government -- are as inspiring as cold porridge .
Lagarde , at 53 , is considerably younger .
Hostility to GMOs is symbolic of broader opposition to the encroachment of market forces that are perceived to be creating a world in which money rules with nary a consideration for historical traditions , cultural identities , and social needs .
Wherever the answers are affirmative , an integrated package of organisational changes should be considered .
Giving the EU a greater role in situations where member states ' views differ should also be considered .
Moreover , the current EU member states will not only have to be able to tolerate the criticism by central , eastern , and southern Europeans of western civilization , but also to take such criticism into consideration as they ponder policy .
Calls for attendance in a foreign school - if possible for at least one year - as part of a future European curriculum should be heard and seriously considered .
Despite the considerable progress that developing countries have made in integrating themselves into international trade and finance channels , there is still much work to be done to ensure that they share the burden of maintaining the global system in which they have a rapidly growing stake .
Decision-making regarding consumption and production has largely been decentralized to individual households and firms , respectively ; economic incentives , markets , competition , and internationalization have to a considerable extent replaced command , administrative processes , monopoly , and autarky .
In fact , China is a type of mixed economy , with a number of specific features , some of which favor GDP growth , while others have not dragged down the economy to any considerable extent so far .
But Sweden 's system has varied considerably .
Given the high rate of growth in China 's money supply , there could be considerable pressures for the yuan to actually depreciate , because a rate of monetary growth that exceeds the growth rate of economic activity tends to cause a currency 's exchange rate to fall .
Perhaps more importantly , were Uribe to step down after his current term , he would still wield considerable proxy power at home , playing an integral role in choosing his successor -- whoever he backs stands a very good chance of winning -- and boosting his political supporters ' prospects in legislative elections .
A considerable degree of freedom remains , but a submissive society freely gives ground to the state .
The third option to consider is a public information campaign about diseases , symptoms , and risk factors .
They may , therefore , like to consider another option : discouraging tree-felling only in those areas that have high recent rates of deforestation .
More than half of Latin American firms consider poor infrastructure to be a major obstacle to the operation and growth of their business .
Conditional cash transfers are another option for Latin American policy makers to consider .
But the United Nations and national governments spend billions of dollars each year trying to help those in need without explicitly considering whether they are achieving the most that they can .
It 's time for all of us to consider and compare our own priority lists .
It is remarkable to consider that we could cancel out this century 's global warming with 1,900 unmanned ships spraying seawater mist into the air to thicken clouds .
In either case , there is a commanding case for its serious consideration .
We could also put a bigger focus on reducing black carbon , considered responsible for as much as 40 % of current net warming and one-third of Arctic melting .
Little or no consideration will be given to whether the means of cutting emissions are sufficient to achieve the goals .
Yet , it has been clear for a considerable time that there is a more fundamental problem : immediate promises of carbon cuts do not work .
The Center convened an expert panel of five of the world 's leading economists , including three Nobel Prize winners , to consider all of the new research and identify the best -- and worst -- options .
While the blame game will not solve global warming , the mounting panic could lead to a positive outcome if it means we re-consider our current approach .
This week , the London School of Economics and Oxford University are publishing their conclusions . They are worth considering .
The IPCC simply and tersely tells us that this scenario -- also vividly depicted in the Hollywood movie The Day After Tomorrow -- is considered `` very unlikely . ''
But the problem with the recent media frenzy is that some seem to believe no new report or development is enough if it does n't reveal more serious consequences and more terrifying calamities than humanity has ever considered before .
Good decisions come from careful consideration .
· Maximizing taxpayers ' economic interests , not ideology or political considerations , must be the guiding principle .
Russia had a low profile , but the EU , which considers itself the leader of climate policy , was simply informed post factum .
To be sure , the regime considers Ai 's arrest a preemptive measure to prevent the outbreak of public demonstrations .
If the increase were considered permanent , however , it would make sense to increase spending or reduce tax pressure .
Despite imprudent fiscal management , Venezuela , too , maintained considerable resources in specific funds -LRB- $ 11 billion at the end of 2008 -RRB- .
Both required the Japanese government to display considerable agility in its rescue efforts .
Tailored solutions are required -- what works in one city might not work in others -- but , because problems arising from weak or absent coordination are widespread , emerging markets should consider governance models that vest accountability for urban health outcomes -- together with the authority to shape them -- in city governments .
To overcome this challenge , emerging-market governments should consider radical reforms in education and training in urban public health and health care .
Once the president 's illegitimacy is formally acknowledged by a majority of parliamentarians , all his acts will be considered beyond his constitutional powers , and the process of electing a new president will be firmly on track .
A communist who considered himself an honest proletarian writer , but called by Stalin , the Red Clown of Power , `` svoloc '' -LRB- scoundrel -RRB- and `` balagancik '' -LRB- buffoon -RRB- , Platonov lived a lifelong ordeal .
The communist Knight , the new `` caballero de la triste figura , '' a kind of enlightened idiot , blinded by his loyalty to the unreal and by his harsh political correctness , considers Lenin a new Moses .
We should be interested not for prosecutorial purposes , but in order to gain a more profound understanding of a bloody , demagogical , and tyrannical Utopia -- and of human weakness and vulnerability . We may even consider it a rewarding testament to an artist 's ability to overcome his past mistakes and still produce priceless work .
The journalist considered Codreanu a `` Romantic hero . ''
Although we refugees , immigrants , exiles , and outcasts do not boast ad infinitum that `` we are the best , '' as many Americans do , we still believe that the US remains a powerful guarantor of freedom and democracy , and we consider its incoherence part of its liberty .
Governments and international aid organizations have failed to take into consideration the role of Farhang , perhaps because the power of unwritten law remains largely inconceivable in the West .
The next steps in implementation should include consideration of the proposals on international transport by the International Civil Aviation Organization , the International Air Transport Association and the International maritime Organization , with the multilateral development banks working on proposals for new green funds and enhanced collaboration with the private sector .
The bulk of claims for the subsidy come from northern Italy , which is usually considered less prone to tax evasion to begin with .
In the last few years , France has distinguished itself from other European nations by gradually abandoning community-based policing , which the government considers too `` social '' and prevention-oriented .
Third , serious consideration should be given to introducing a second referee , with each given responsibility for one half of the huge playing field .
Argentina 's financial panic and the run on its banks that ensued , as well as Asia 's financial crisis of 1997 , have forced a number of countries to consider adopting deposit insurance schemes to protect their citizens ' savings .
The relationship becomes tight when considering the evolution of each country 's real effective exchange rate based on the GDP deflator .
And , given the political considerations driving the EU 's approach to the issue , the adjustment process will be anything but rapid and smooth .
Africa must cease being a region to be ransacked , burdened with ill-considered debts by the IMF and World Bank , and so left with institutionalised famine , lawlessness , and horrendus corruption .
Such a scenario will be possible only with the involvement of the UN Security Council , which might consider running a scheme based on the Iraqi oil-for-food program .
Now he considers it the best currency in the world .
But consider Argentina , which suffered a deep four-year depression , beginning in 1998 .
Undoubtedly , much of the current situation will be best understood with the benefit of time , but five lessons are already coming into focus , and we should consider their implications for the choices policymakers will make in the future .
In situations where government intervention is necessary , we must consider specific ways in which the private sector can assist in the recovery .
In the period since , we have had our ups and downs , but most member states have made a considerable effort to get their house in order .
That 's why I have proposed much tougher measures in the revised Capital Requirements Directive amendments now being considered by the European Parliament .
A sharp and ill-considered reduction of the civil service began .
Putin rarely talks about the problems of Russia 's twentieth-century history , once replying to a direct question about his attitude toward the events of 1917 by saying that he considered it to be `` the country 's natural reaction to defeat in the First World War . ''
The answer depends on whether one considers the time women in Europe spend on domestic work .
To cover the costs of aging and maintain its position as an economic power , Europe must increase overall labor participation considerably .
Europe , meanwhile , looked wonderfully well balanced , at least superficially , whether one considered all 27 European Union members or the 16-member eurozone .
And , according to Greenspan 's successor , Ben Bernanke , there is no reason to assume that the unemployment rate will approach 5 % -- generally considered to be the natural rate of unemployment -- any time soon .
To understand what is happening , consider Evergreen Solar , the third-largest maker of solar panels in the US , which announced in January that it would close its main American factory , lay off its 800 workers there within two months , and shift production to China .
Such arrangements , which should be described as government-sponsored commercialism , are considered unacceptable by all relevant international declarations .
There is considerable lingering ill will over his role in the invasion of Iraq , and there is the inconvenient fact that he is from Euro-skeptic Britain , and that many on the left view him as a leader whose `` third way '' was a betrayal of socialism .
That means engaging with those shades of political opinion that the European Commission and the European Parliament consider `` Euroskeptical . ''
Radicals use the inability to attain political objectives peacefully to inspire fanatical action and to justify forms of violence normally considered unacceptable .
Unfortunately , because the discussion has so far been dominated by moral panic over the state of sports , many ethical considerations and important questions have been excluded .
Governments must establish an enabling environment for the private sector to create jobs , and officials can not consider the public purse to be a private bank account .
The regulators who banned DDT also failed to take into consideration the inadequacy of alternatives .
The -LRB- economically -RRB- developed West should consider importing that lesson .
A special 30,000-strong police unit monitors and screens Internet traffic , advanced technology is deployed to block access to overseas Web sites considered `` hostile or harmful , '' and Internet service and content providers , both domestic and Western , must comply with onerous restrictions designed to suppress political dissent and track down offenders .
On the other hand , much circular logic figures in analyses that consider the `` traditional '' nature of Iraqi society an obstacle to liberal democracy .
Asked whether they considered themselves `` Iraqis , above all '' or `` Muslims , above all , '' the 2006 survey found that 28 % of Iraqis identified themselves as `` Iraqis , above all , '' up from 23 % in 2004 .
Those who considered love as the basis for marriage increased from 49 % to 69 % , while those who depended on parental approval fell from 41 % to 24 % .
Should Mousavi persuade Khamenei to reconsider his position , the Supreme Leader 's hold on power will be shaken . If Khamenei holds fast , Mousavi can not gain the presidency , but he will continue to represent the hopes of the majority of Iranians who differ dramatically with their government .
This was an offense to Malaysia 's Hindus , who consider the cow a sacred animal .
The son of Malaysia 's third prime minister and a cousin of the current prime minister , he is widely considered modern , moderate , and cosmopolitan .
When the voters decide in the spring of 2007 , their choice may depend more on negative than positive considerations , as it did in 2002 , when Chirac faced the odious nationalist Jean-Marie Le Pen in the second round .
Can Iran under Ahmadinejad be considered a rational actor ?
The only exception to this , of course , would be a declaration of independence from Taiwan , which the Chinese would consider a casus belli .
Because their legitimacy does not rest upon the support of their people , these non-democratic regimes consider the risk of opening themselves greater than the cost of maintaining the status quo .
A country like Israel booms with economic confidence , but is full of self-doubt when it comes to strategic and political considerations .
From a toughening of France 's position on Iran to a real warming of relations with Israel , not to mention symbolic gestures like Sarkozy 's summer vacation in America , or Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner 's arrival in Baghdad , this is a New France , one seriously considering a return to NATO 's integrated military structure .
Yet , on the other hand , his flashy style is considered vulgar by traditional French elites , who are keen to dissociate themselves from someone whose educational background and instinctive reactions clearly marks him as not one of them .
But the West 's hypocrisy nearly matches the Chinese regime 's incompetence . The moment the international community `` bestowed '' the Olympics on China , the West demonstrated how little consideration it actually gives to human rights and democracy .
If so , it must consider having a special relationship with countries like India and Japan , to name a few .
This difference stems above all from strategic considerations , but it probably also contains a cultural dimension .
In Singapore , ideological considerations reinforce strategic interests .
But , beyond strategic considerations , something else must be mentioned -LRB- with prudence -RRB- .
Of course , Turkey 's secular , pro-Western elites may still consider the EU and the US important , if not indispensable , allies and partners , and they may consider Islamic fundamentalism , Hamas , Hezbollah , and Iran real or at least potential threats .
This Israeli conviction on what it considers an existential issue stands in stark contrast with the fatalism that otherwise dominates Israelis ' thinking about themselves and their relations with the Palestinians .
An absolute inability to consider the point of view of the other and to go beyond a sense of collective martyrdom still lingers , unequally to be fair , over the entire region .
Just consider the massive access to education of its huge rural population in contrast with its `` democratic rival '' India . So China 's pride nowadays is legitimate .
To understand these different situations , one must consider the will of people to destroy their walls in the case of East Germany , to expand them in the case of Israel , and to freeze them in the case of Cyprus and the government of North Korea .
Of course , domestic considerations are not absent from Sarkozy 's thinking .
But the poorest people -- those who live on less than $ 2 per day -- are often not considered important when a pandemic threat emerges .
These doubts are even stronger among those who consider the ideals of a social Europe insufficiently fulfilled , owing to the right 's political dominance : control of 18 of 25 governments , the same number of European commissioners , and a majority in the European Parliament .
Over and above these considerable advances , the treaty aims to make the EU more democratic .
Canada is considering similar legislation , and the city of Chicago is also considering banning industrial trans fats from restaurants .
In summary , considerable evidence exists for harm , and little evidence for intrinsic health value , of consumption of trans fats from partially hydrogenated vegetable oils .
These considerations suggest that no emission-reduction targets should be imposed on developing countries until they approach per capita GDP levels comparable to those in advanced countries .
Yet considerable uncertainty remains about the magnitude of the impact of rising levels of atmospheric greenhouse gases on temperatures and climate .
The central lesson for investors seems to me to be that not all components of risk are static , but rather evolve in ways that are not yet fully understood -- and that government regulation can not fully address . For that reason , the ability of markets to self-correct should play a role as well , which requires that investment strategies attempt to take the possibility of systemic risk into consideration .
For example , an endowment or pension fund might consider basing its payout decisions more on long-run , potential shock-adjusted average returns than on a simple weighted average of past returns or end-period asset values -LRB- the normal practice now -RRB- .
One can think of periodic systemic risk as an inherent tendency toward reversion to the mean : short - and medium-term returns can deviate considerably and for extended periods from the expected long-run returns associated with various investment strategies and capabilities .
Successful value investors may mitigate risk by shunning what they consider to be overvalued assets .
WASHINGTON , DC -- With Hosni Mubarak 's ouster in Egypt -- widely considered to have one of the region 's most stable regimes until only recently -- and Colonel Muammar Qaddafi clinging to power in Libya , there is no clear end in sight to the turmoil sweeping across the Arab world .
But consider the Netherlands , which will do so this year for only the second time since 1999 .
Europe should therefore consider bearing the high short-term costs of changing the rules of the game .
Such cultural considerations simply do not fit into the categories in which equation-fixated economists are predisposed to think .
Indeed , in many Arab countries , more girls than boys are now in secondary and higher education , which shows that parents consider their daughters ' education to be just as important as that of their sons .
That , at least , is the conclusion that some people have reached after Milosevic 's death in a Hague prison : the fact that he was able to drag out his trial for four years and still escape a verdict is considered proof that the international community is wasting its resources by putting such people on trial for their misdeeds .
No peace settlement is under serious consideration .
For a long time , blasphemy laws were considered an unfortunate legacy of efforts in England during the religious struggles of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries to suppress deviant interpretations of scripture among Christians .
First , one should consider the severity of the crimes committed by those who would escape punishment . Second , we should consider how much death and suffering would be avoided by letting such a ruler and his henchmen go free .
It can not consider crimes committed prior to July 1 , 2002 .
The creation of Camp X-Ray at Guantanamo , and President Bush 's executive order establishing military commissions to try those held there , aimed to deal with prisoners seized during the war in Afghanistan whom the US considered to be `` unlawful combatants . ''
In late August , the heads of state of thirteen members of the Southern African Development Community -LRB- SADC -RRB- , including Mugabe and President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa , the leading regional power , met in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , to consider the challenges before them .
Insightful bloggers attract considerably more clicks than do official mouthpieces .
But the government-controlled media subsequently launched fierce attacks against them , targeting Primakov especially , since he was considered a serious rival to Putin and a legitimate presidential contender .
Inasmuch as illiberal -- and especially personal -- regimes are considered the least stable , the logical conclusion is that the `` color revolution '' scenario that we observed in Georgia , Ukraine , and Kyrgyzstan is likely to repeat itself in Russia . Of course , anything is possible in today 's Russia .
-LRB- Burundi is an aid-dependent country , so donors have considerable sway in influencing its rulers ' behavior . -RRB-
Of course , there is considerable debate about what precisely makes for a healthy diet .
These considerations must be borne in all efforts to support basic research .
America can take its time deciding on a new strategy in Afghanistan without considering European views , despite the presence of more than 30,000 European troops in the country .
It is worth considering how easy it would be to do away with a troublesome prisoner being force-fed by merely adjusting the calorie level . If it is too low , the prisoner will starve , but too high a level can also kill , since deliberate liquid overfeeding by tube , to which Guantánamo prisoners have reported being subjected , causes vomiting , diarrhea , and deadly dehydration that can stop one 's heart .
Binyam Mohamed told the Associated Press that al-Hanashi was a positive person -LRB- and , one can assume , a natural leader -RRB- who would never consider suicide .
Finally , in choosing between multilateral and unilateral tactics , Americans must consider the effects of the decision on its soft power , which can be destroyed by excessive unilateralism and arrogance .
In balancing whether to use multilateral or unilateral tactics , or to adhere or refuse to go along with particular multilateral initiatives , any country must consider how to explain its actions to others and what the effects will be on its soft power .
NGO 's do not have coercive `` hard '' power , but they often enjoy considerable `` soft '' power - the ability to get the outcomes they want through attraction rather than compulsion .
For example , America was extraordinarily unpopular at the time of the Vietnam War , yet it recovered its soft power within a decade , and it is interesting to consider why .
No single report can create a more secure world , but those who support that goal must hope that governments and their publics will consider seriously the Panel 's recommendations .
Analysts such as John Mearsheimer of the University of Chicago have flatly proclaimed that China can not rise peacefully , and predict that `` the United States and China are likely to engage in an intense security competition with considerable potential for war . ''
Secretary Rice made this plain during her March visit , stressing the importance of a strategic relationship , including a willingness to consider trade in high technology , nuclear energy , and co-production of fighter aircraft such as F-16 's and F-18 's .
When considered in this wider European context , there was more symmetry in the Russia-Ukraine energy relationship than the simple numbers on energy dependence implied at first glance .
In the early Cold War , communism and the Soviet Union had considerable soft power .
With the outcome of Bush 's ill-advised war in Iraq uncertain and his legacy depending heavily upon finding a political solution , Iran 's support for Iraqi Shiite radicals could give it considerable leverage .
Through a credible intermediary , the US could offer to consider security guarantees and relief from existing sanctions if Iran agrees to forego domestic enrichment and accept the Russian offer , perhaps garbed as an IAEA-backed international consortium in which Iran could participate .
Despite those limits , the UN has considerable soft power that arises from its ability to legitimize the actions of states , particularly regarding the use of force .
Gates added , however , that despite China 's rising defense budget , `` I do n't consider China an enemy , and I think there are opportunities for continued cooperation in a number of areas . ''
In addition to these practical reasons for the improvement in bilateral relations , the rise of China poses a strategic consideration .
The two countries ' recent rapprochement marks a considerable change from the hostility that bedeviled their relations following their 1962 war over a disputed border in the Himalayas .
Technological innovation and increased energy efficiency have considerable potential .
Democracy Promotion Reconsidered
Democracy Promotion Reconsidered Cambridge -- President George W. Bush was famous for proclaiming the promotion of democracy a central focus of American foreign policy .
Goldman Sachs coined the term in 2001 to call attention to profitable opportunities in what it considered `` emerging markets . ''
A bankrupt debtor who owes $ 1,000 has little power , but if it owes $ 1 billion , it may have considerable bargaining power -- witness the fate of institutions judged `` too big to fail '' in the 2008 financial crisis .
Such statements reflect a considerable change from the hostility that bedeviled Indian-Chinese relations following the two countries ' 1962 war over a disputed border in the Himalayas .
But it also followed a conciliatory diplomatic policy toward Britain and the US , and spent considerable resources to make itself attractive overseas .
CAMBRIDGE -- The twenty-first century is witnessing Asia 's return to what might be considered its historical proportions of the world 's population and economy .
To see why , consider the situation after World War II .
Many considered it a global hegemon .
In 1914 , Britain 's net export of capital gave it an important financial kitty to draw upon -LRB- though some historians consider that it would have been better to have invested the money in domestic industry -RRB- .
Today , some interpret the rise in China 's share of world output as signifying a fundamental shift in the balance of global power , but without considering military power .
Such fears appear exaggerated , particularly when one considers that Asia is not one entity . It has its own internal balance of power .
Although this concession is not yet a done deal , there is increasing acknowledgment that it would give Dublin considerable breathing space to conduct a more effective second referendum campaign .
The problem is that these favorable attitudes vary considerably in intensity and constitute a `` soft bloc '' of support for the EU ; in the 2008 referendum , this soft bloc crumbled in the final week of the campaign .
It seems clear that a second rejection of the Lisbon Treaty by the Irish electorate would plunge the EU into a renewed crisis and threaten to derail the considerable gains in both democratic legitimacy and collective decision-making capacity deriving from the new Treaty . Everything indicates that voters now look set to approve the Treaty .
National courts may consider the effects of European integration on their constitutional and democratic institutions , affirming or rejecting the integration that has already taken place , or setting limits to supranational arrangements that might further impinge on national sovereignty .
Germany 's Constitutional Court has been among the most prominent in declaring what it considers to be the appropriate limits to EU integration , consistent with the country 's Basic Law -LRB- constitution -RRB- .
Herzog 's broadside resonated across Europe , where for some time there has been considerable disquiet about `` judicial activism '' and what some see as an irreversible trend toward empowerment of the ECJ and other EU institutions .
Now consider other major emerging markets .
So , a more orderly way to induce current-account deficits without risking disruption of emerging economies ' growth should be considered .
Local officials are often considered heroes , not oppressors .
It is not likely that northern elites will stand by idly as a fresh attempt is made to take away what they consider a glittering prize .
Obasanjo made it clear that he considered the election a `` do or die affair '' and would hand over power only to Yar ` Adua .
Intense Western pressure has been brought to bear on Yar ` Adua to re-consider the January deadline .
The all-powerful PDP , relying on its control of the security agencies , the considerable oil revenues to which the president and his retinue had untrammeled access , and an intricate patronage network radiating through the local councils of Nigeria 's 36 states , seemed set to govern indefinitely .
Privatizing Africa 's Development Lagos -- There has been considerable progress on achieving the Millennium Development Goals since their inception in 2000 .
If this is n't daunting enough , consider this : if we delay taking action by even a few years , we probably wo n't hit the required targets , even with a temporary decline in carbon emissions associated with reduced economic activity in the near term .
Such a strategic goal would provide justification for prudent fiscal and monetary policies , and , given Poles ' desire to consider themselves full Europeans , it would boost political support for such policies .
Nor do they consider land reform , employment services , or pensions for all Asians a priority .
Health and agriculture will be considered only on a highly selective basis .
As governments across the West have become increasingly bogged down trying to fix a broken economy , China has been formulating a whole series of new , well-considered policies and forging ahead with bold decision-making to tackle one daunting problem after another .
And that means that China also must reconsider its rigid notion of sovereignty .
Europeans who considered Turkey a potential Trojan horse for America within the European Union were forced to reconsider .
As a result , Turkey no longer considers a federalized Iraq a threat to its security , as long as each federal unit maintains a measure of ethnic diversity .
For Turkey to consider military intervention in Kurdistan , EU member states would first have to renege on their commitment to negotiate Turkish accession .
It is far too large to be considered an elite .
Regardless of whether that promise is realistic , many consider her candidacy important for maintaining democratic continuity , whereas Ollanta Humala proposes to overhaul the political system by drafting a new constitution .
China and India gained considerable economic power , and close neighbors in previously isolated communist states were rapidly integrated in the European economy .
At the very least , the Scandinavian example shows that politicians have more than one option to choose from when considering how to handle globalization .
Policy must also chart a stable long-term course , which implies the need to reconsider the paradigm of the past 25 years .
Scarcely anyone bothers to consider the environmental costs to -- or rights of -- the country 's poor and powerless .
Our study of religion and social inequality in Lebanon examined social mobility rather than overall inequality . This is because societies in which opportunities and inequality are inherited are considered to be less fair than societies in which family background is less important .
Even in the self-confident Ottoman Empire , where Jews and Christians enjoyed considerable tolerance , followers of these religions were second-class citizens .
By contrast , consider the way France and Germany have buried the hatchet and learned to live in peace and trust .
Historical memory is not always quite as bad as this . But international politics and diplomacy are riddled with examples of bad and ill-considered precedents being used to justify foreign policy decisions , invariably leading to catastrophe .
Both are intellectuals and address difficult questions in a quiet , carefully considered way . This has led Williams , in particular , into several run-ins with the media .
Leave aside the fact that you can make an even stronger case against Godlessness -- remember the atrocities of atheist totalitarians in the twentieth century -- and consider the assault on those whose commitment to literal interpretations of religious texts means that they deny science and reason .
Israel 's failure in recent years to negotiate seriously and responsibly with the Palestinians means that it will now have to consider its diplomatic options against the background of an Arab world in which governments will be obliged to listen more closely to their citizens ' views on Palestine .
Tell my children that the EU is there to prevent us from fighting one another again , and their reply is blunt : `` Of course we are not going to fight . '' Europe 's moral purpose today is an existential question that all Europeans must consider .
The patterns of charitable donation to foreign countries often have more to do with the salience of news reports than to actual considerations about where the money is most needed .
Simultaneously , there has been considerable erosion of support from Musharraf 's strongest external backer , the United States .
In preparation , he has replaced senior generals in the Pakistani army with officers considered more beholden to him , evidently hoping that this will ensure the military 's loyalty even after he removes himself from the chain of command .
In the past , risks with volatility of similar statistical magnitudes were considered to be fungible , and , could flow to whomever was prepared to bear them .
Such a strategic reconsideration is probably most necessary for those in the Bush administration -LRB- and a few elsewhere -RRB- , who until recently have been prophets of imminent danger .
The NIE also confirmed two assumptions that have since guided European diplomatic approach : Iran reacts to external incentives and disincentives , and taking legitimate Iranian interests into consideration is the best way to influence Iran 's leaders .
That definition is worthy of consideration as we reflect on the perils of ignorance in the twenty-first century .
Indeed , Russian President Vladimir Putin considers the Soviet Union 's collapse `` the largest geopolitical catastrophe of the twentieth century . ''
Nevertheless , Putin still considers it necessary to pose in front of television cameras every few months to report that Russian scientists have developed some new missile that can penetrate any anti-ballistic missile system that the US may erect .
Indeed , China officially considers several regions in Russia 's Far East to be only `` alienated '' from it .
But other , more down to-earth considerations are more important to him .
Indeed , depreciation has already started for Europe , and many observers consider the euro 's fall , from 1.5 dollars in late 2009 to 1.2 dollars in recent days , sufficient to offset in the short term the retrenchment 's negative impact on growth .
In Germany , many consider the EFSF a breach of the fundamental principle that EU governments can not be bailed-out by their partners .
Of course , this is no direct cost to public budgets -LRB- the total cost of bank rescue packages is much lower -RRB- , but this lost output is the cost that matters most when considering how to reduce the frequency of crises .
A simple way to reduce the frequency of crises is to require banks to rely more on equity and less on debt so that they can incur more losses without going bankrupt -- a measure that is currently being considered at the global level .
Other measures -- say , capital insurance , or reform of the boundaries within the financial industry , à la Paul Volcker -- are worth considering .
There was no sign of the more radical ideas that emerged later in the debate , such as the so-called Volcker rule separating banks and hedge funds -LRB- which is reflected in the US legislation -RRB- , or a crisis-resolution mechanism whereby bank debt is converted semi-automatically into equity -LRB- which several countries are considering -RRB- .
Such a change can not happen unless scientists themselves first take the time to consider the consequences of their own behavior toward each other .
After World War II , when the world was divided into nuclear-armed camps threatening each other with mutual destruction , Russell did not take the view that our insignificance , when considered against the vastness of the universe , meant that the end of life on Earth did not matter . On the contrary , he made nuclear disarmament the chief focus of his political activity for the remainder of his life .
Governments in Europe and elsewhere should therefore consider carefully what other forces will be at work if and when migrant workers are sent home .
We should not forswear that option , but we ought to consider others , not least because the Security Council - whose backing will be politically if not legally crucial - may never support invasion .
Nationalist statements that would have been confined to the extremist newspaper Den in the early 1990 's are now considered normal , `` centrist , '' even commonplace .
Today 's hardcore Russian nationalists consider Putin 's regime too soft , too pragmatic , too reasonable -- in their language , `` weak and indecisive . ''
This can provide considerable stability -- indeed , the second half of the 20th century saw only four German firms succumb to hostile takeovers -- but at the cost of reducing access to finance and curtailing future opportunities .
Given the historic targeting of atomic installations , planners should consider whether providing adversaries with radiological targets far larger than Dimona makes sense .
During the past decade -- particularly since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States -- Westerners have generally considered international terrorism to be the most urgent threat to human security .
Or at least , to consider perhaps a quite different question : where would it be reasonable for the EU to move ?
Denmark presented a proposal on how to strengthen the organization of the Commission that reflects two considerations .
But whether we continue with the current format for the Presidency or introduce a team model , we must consider how the President of the European Council can play a role in coordinating work within the Council .
Emerging market countries elsewhere have made considerable reform progress of late , but they must sustain the momentum to guard against potential shocks .
Countries are experiencing strong growth , inflation is low , and the threat of crisis has receded considerably .
In cases where household survey data has tracked the same families over time it is common to find considerable churning under the surface .
The pharmaceutical industry , fueled by our desire for quick fixes , has effectively deployed its considerable power to promulgate the notion of `` disorders '' and `` illnesses '' in all domains of our lives .
Having listened for 20 years to people unfortunate enough to be labeled `` schizophrenic , '' considered to be the most extreme form of `` mental illness , '' and having subsequently researched the causes of hallucinations and delusions for ten years , I believe that the public understands madness better than we experts .
The fact that NATO now considers its area of operations to legitimately extend all the way to the Hindu Kush has given pause even to many who once believed as fervently in humanitarian intervention as Blair still does .
On the contrary , as he has frequently made clear , he considers his critics immoral for not supporting liberal interventions .
Long the most powerful driver of Chinese growth , there is now considerable downside to an export-led impetus .
With these considerations in mind , China has adopted a very transparent response .
In addition , it takes the heat off an undervalued currency as a prop to export growth , giving China considerable leeway to step up the pace of currency reforms .
For the sake of human rights and peace in the region , my hope is that the international community will bear witness to these circumstances , consider Judge Goldstone 's report in its entirety and press for accountability for the most serious crimes .
The first enlargement , in 1973 , brought in Great Britain , Ireland , and Denmark , and was based mostly on economic considerations .
These innovations were considered technical successes .
Today 's recession will be a long one , but it will compel everybody to consider its root causes .
The biggest development successes in recent years have been in places like China and Vietnam , where Western economic ideas , to the extent that they were considered at all , lost out to more practically oriented policymakers .
That is a question all of us should consider .
To grasp the rationale for a more broad-based approach to financial regulation , consider three other regulated industries : drugs , tobacco , and firearms .
But our regulations go considerably further in all three areas .
Set at a low enough level -- say , 0.25 % -- such a tax would have little adverse effect on the global economy while raising considerable revenue .
This move would likely face considerable resistance from staff who have gotten used to the perks of Washington , DC .
Mercantilism Reconsidered
Mercantilism Reconsidered CAMBRIDGE -- A businessman walks into a government minister 's office and says he needs help .
The tariffs that Obama imposed were considerably below what the USITC had recommended .
Economists have been extraordinarily successful in conveying their message to policymakers -- even if ordinary people still regard imports with considerable suspicion . Nothing reflects this better than how `` protection '' and `` protectionists '' have become terms of derision .
Many scholars of international relations consider the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision , the international body of regulators charged with devising a new set of global standards , as the apogee of international rule-making .
What all this means is that the financial crisis has turned out to be a lot deeper and its resolution considerably messier than necessary .
The French and German governments have grudgingly come up with a major loan package , but only after considerable delay and with the IMF standing at their side .
The global institutions of our day -- the International Monetary Fund , the World Bank , and the World Trade Organization -- are still largely the creation of American leadership at the end of World War II -LRB- though they have obviously undergone considerable change since then -RRB- .
Because both India and China did increase trade substantially , they are both considered as globalizers by the World Bank 's criterion .
Of course , mining can not absorb so many workers , so the rest of the Malawian labor force must seek jobs in considerably less productive parts of the economy .
Or consider the case of a group of young officers charged with organizing a prostitution ring and stealing state secrets .
Or consider more successful countries .
Both considerations support concentrated ownership and work against securities markets .
But these are not the only dimensions to consider in judging how capitalist the US really is .
About a decade ago , after the Enron and WorldCom scandals , America 's stock-market regulator , the Securities and Exchange Commission -LRB- SEC -RRB- , considered requiring that companies allow qualified shareholders to put their director nominees on the company-paid election ballot .
But there is considerable evidence that when managers are at odds with shareholders , managerial discretion in American firms is excessive and weakens companies .
With today 's global economy in the middle of a sustained and increasingly balanced expansion , has the time come to start considering upside risks ?
The evidence on global warming is considerably more muddled than Gore 's film suggests , but the basic problem is real .
As huge winners from globalization , they want to avoid criticism of their trade and financial policies , which arguably remain considerably more protectionist than those of their rich-country counterparts .
Indeed , thanks to ongoing grants and future loans from national aid agencies and multilateral lenders like the World Bank , most of the poor `` debtor '' countries look set to receive considerably more money than they pay back , with no end in sight .
At the same time , the ECB has gained considerable credibility from its handling of the global credit crisis .
Little wonder that academics across the political spectrum have expressed considerable skepticism .
The government may also need to consider injecting funds more directly into the mortgage sector while the private sector reconstitutes itself .
Professional forecasters are considerably more sanguine , with the consensus forecast for US growth in 2009 at around -1.5 % , after a similar contraction in the second half of 2008 .
The government will be forced to consider raising revenues sharply .
After all , medieval alchemists engaged in what we now consider an absurd search for ways to transform base metals into gold .
Of course , such considerations might have little influence on prices .
Lackluster enforcement of intellectual property rights exacerbates the problem considerably , hampering US exports of software and entertainment .
It is high time to consider novel approaches .
But the fact that the dollar has continued to slide while gold prices have continued to rise suggests considerable skepticism from markets .
But it can not wait too long , lest inflation expectations drift to a dangerously high level , forcing the Fed to move aggressively -- and at the cost of considerable economic pain -- to wring inflation out of the system .
Instead , at the IMF 's April 2011 interim meeting , a senior official declared that the Fund now considers troubled Spain to be a core eurozone country like Germany , rather than a peripheral country like Greece , Portugal , or Ireland .
However , Europeans consider the opinion recently expressed by Bush -- that Palestinian democracy and not Israeli occupation of the West Bank is at the core of the problem -- to be ill conceived .
Political wisdom would demand that the two sides pool their considerable resources and march together whenever possible .
In Poland , where for many years such practices have been considered criminal , a proposed law would require full financial transparency for politicians and high state functionaries .
This is important progress , considering that the opposition is still paying a price for its boycott of the 2005 elections that gave Chávez absolute control of Parliament .
Ahmadinejad replied that he did not deny it , but only criticized what he considered Israel 's `` political use '' of it .
If the margins were exceeded , members would consider re-alignment .
Or consider bankruptcies and defaults by households and firms .
Finally , sovereign risk is rising -- consider the troubles faced by investors in Dubai , Greece , and other emerging markets and advanced economies . This has revived concerns that governments may be unable to backstop a too-big-to-save financial system .
During the Asian financial crisis of 1997-1998 , South Korea -- a relatively large emerging-market economy -- received what was then considered a very large IMF rescue package -- $ 10 billion .
Policymakers should also consider innovations used to help debt-burdened developing countries in the 1980 's and 1990 's .
Rating agencies would consider this debt exchange a `` credit event , '' but only for a very short period -- a matter of a few weeks .
Perverse subsidies must be removed and recent new ones favoring products such as bio-fuels reconsidered .
I consider anti-Semitism , Islamophobia , and prejudice against Christianity crimes against humanity , whose common values and ethical rules oblige us to confront and reject all forms of discrimination .
The plan also entails considerable strategic risks , which , probably more than the prospect of uprooted settlements , account for the large `` no '' by Likud members .
But what is to a large extent a defeat in practical and military terms also can be considered a political victory .
The fact that two-thirds of the voters supported parties that were long considered extremist and whose allegiance to democracy is questionable has shocked many Turks , including those who comprised most of the ruling elite in modern times .
Sharon was considered a certain victor in the planned March elections , for which he had organized his own Kadima -LRB- Forward -RRB- party , attracting leading figures from the Labor party on the left and the Likud party on the right .
With the Cold War over , the USSR gone , and the Arab world weakened , a conventional war with the armies of Arab states is no longer likely , rendering obsolete the strategic considerations underlying Israel 's occupation of this territory .
We need to consider the possibility of new organizations and programs that can serve a similarly valuable role in the War on Terror .
Hamas refused to acknowledge a two-state solution except obliquely , and then under considerable pressure .
Second , the road map marks a sensible balance of considerations .
Likewise , the unwillingness of major developing countries such as China and India to sign on to a plan also seems to be ending , though considerable work remains to craft a global agreement to which both rich and poor countries can agree .
There is considerable and difficult work ahead , but the situation is better as a result of the deliberations in Bali .
Developed countries should agree to channel considerable savings to developing countries to finance the scale-up of sustainable investments .
Lasting solutions will require partnerships between government , business , and civil society , which can be hard to negotiate and manage , since these different sectors of society often have little or no experience in dealing with each other and may mistrust each other considerably .
But China must consider the question from the vantage point of a coal-dependent economy .
With modest up-front financing , impoverished and traditional rural communities that had not considered educating girls suddenly see the immense value to the community of educating both boys and girls .
Egypt can supply technology , manpower , and considerable expertise for the Arab region , while the Gulf provides energy and finance , as well as some specialists .
Against this backdrop , the time has come to reconsider the basic sources of happiness in our economic life .
Despite these problems , market allocations of capital are superior to government allocations , which often compound ignorance with political considerations .
Despite a considerable diversity of views at the outset of the two-year investigation , the Commission reached a strong consensus after examining extensive evidence from around the world .
In looking at the roster of long-serving heads of government in the second half of the twentieth century - such as Stalin , Mao , Franco , Kim Il Sung , and Ceausescu - it is clear that an enforced international term limit would have spared the world considerable grief and turmoil .
Now , half-a-year later , the balance of responsibility needs to be reconsidered .
Khalilzad and Karzai spent considerable efforts in the late 1990s to get an American-built pipeline to carry gas from Turkeminstan through Afghanistan to Pakistan and the Indian Ocean .
The epidemiologists acknowledged the uncertainties of these estimates , but presented enough data to warrant an urgent follow-up investigation and reconsideration by the Bush administration and the US military of aerial bombing of Iraq 's urban areas .
Public policy concerning mental illness must , therefore , consider carefully the potential for imposing unjustified social and political values on people in the guise of the classification of disease .
While the `` self-illness ambiguity '' in mental illness may not be explicitly appreciated , many societies have made accommodations , such as considering a criminal offender 's state of mind in assessing legal culpability .
The politics of psychiatry are inescapable , which is why all societies must consider them with the greatest of seriousness .
Now consider the two regional engines , Japan and China . Japan 's sclerotic domestic economy makes it incapable of exerting regional leadership .
Bhola is still considered one of the worst natural disasters on record , and the military dictatorship 's lukewarm relief efforts incensed the Bengali population .
Thus , many developed countries will have to consider how to keep people working productively well into their seventies .
The landmark resolution adopted by the UN Human Rights Council encourages governments to give due consideration to the Principles and Guidelines in formulating policies .
An aide to President Vladimir Putin , Igor Shuvalov , said that it was realistic to expect the appearance of a new person whom Putin would consider his potential successor .
To understand what is at stake , it is sufficient to consider the name of the main youth movement fathered by the Kremlin : Nashi , or `` Ours . ''
As an American recipient of a kidney who was once desperate enough to consider doing that myself -LRB- fortunately , a friend ended up donating to me -RRB- , I agree wholeheartedly that we should offer well-informed individuals a reward if they are willing to save a stranger 's life .
But often the reason is that the host country considers a contract to be unfair .
It would be enough for a handful of CEOs and prime ministers to say that they are prepared to consider using such a Facility on a case-by case basis .
In the case of some other developed countries -LRB- for example , Canada , France , Germany -RRB- , national security concerns extend to economic considerations and the protection of `` national champions . ''
But there is no systematic evidence that China 's SOEs are driven by more than normal commercial considerations .
Although debt relief and the related policy reforms are a major political and economic achievement , they are not a panacea for Liberia 's considerable challenges .
They think that economic reform is long overdue , and , like others , consider Kim Jong-il 's political system bizarre .
As a result , `` there can be no genuinely honest and friendly dialogue with those countries that suffered considerable damage and casualties in the wars with Japan . ''
Before giving his name , address , and phone number , he said , `` Of course , I have considered the consequences that I might encounter after writing this letter .
The predominant response among commentators to the sole television debate between Chancellor Angela Merkel and her challenger , Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier , held two weeks before the election , was a collective yawn -- all the more remarkable considering the historical events that overshadow this election .
Indeed , Russia 's racists can be assured of considerable sympathy from the security forces and the public .
Finally , consider Khodorkovsky and Lebedev themselves .
Some economists point to imperfect information , which precludes companies from considering the higher returns on investment available in the developing world .
We have considerable experience of this in the Middle East .
But , just as those regions have been improving their public and corporate governance -- Hong Kong just witnessed a breakthrough court decision against a telecom tycoon who is the son of the province 's richest and most powerful man -- crony capitalism is taking root in the United States , a country that the world long considered the gold standard of a level playing field in business .
It would certainly behoove the Assembly to give serious and immediate consideration to the country 's deplorable socioeconomic conditions .
The current generation of big business in Russia will be considered illegitimate for a long time .
The Zeguo exercise was considered hugely successful , and has been replicated elsewhere in China .
Once we saw our exaggerated hopes for our investments failing , we began to consider our other sources of income and wealth , only to confront the worldwide economic slowdown that began in 2001 .
No central bank would permit deflation for long , and the current level of inflation probably represents the lower boundary that most monetary authorities consider acceptable .
Several kinds of selection bias must be considered when we look at Siegel 's constant .
To understand the nature of the subsequent shift , consider that it is hard to find anyone today who worries that automobile prices will soar because rising demand in China and India for steel and other materials will push automobile prices out of reach in the future .
Let us consider the fixity of land .
For the vast majority , investment was either `` a major consideration '' or at least `` in part '' a motive for buying .
The effect on underlying financial markets ' volatility may not even be the right question to consider in deciding whether to permit new derivative products .
In 1993 , the American Stock Exchange -LRB- AMEX -RRB- expended considerable resources to develop and promote its new concept of an exchange-traded fund -LRB- ETF -RRB- , with its first embodiment as Standard & Poor 's Depository Receipts -LRB- SPDR 's -RRB- .
Though no country has ever practiced risk management on such a massive scale , it is important to consider such an innovation now .
When considering today 's concern about Japan 's high public debt-to-GDP ratio , now at 202 % on a gross basis , one needs to reflect that the ratio would most likely be profoundly lower if Japan had in the past financed more of its deficit spending with trills instead of conventional debt , and issued them to investors around the world .
This amount , akin to a modest management fee , is simply not a dominating consideration for investors .
Yet another psychological barrier is a sort of ego involvement in our own success . Our tendency to take full credit for our successes discourages us from facing up to the possibility of loss or failure , because considering such prospects calls into question our self-satisfaction .
I told them that we considered the TNC to be our new legitimate political interlocutors in Libya and were ready to support them , but that in return we expected the TNC to work towards the best standards of transparent democratic government .
Like any important and novel idea , Garrido 's proposal has aroused considerable debate in Spain .
That document states that to refuse a burdensome medical treatment `` is not the equivalent of suicide . '' On the contrary , such a refusal `` should be considered an acceptance of the human condition , or a wish to avoid the application of a medical procedure disproportionate to the results that can be expected , or a desire not to impose excessive expense on the family or the community . ''
The US Constitution 's Bill of Rights puts considerable emphasis on that right , specifying in the Sixth Amendment that in all criminal prosecutions , `` the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial , by an impartial jury '' and `` to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation ; to be confronted with the witnesses against him . ''
You consider jumping off the bridge , in front of the trolley , thus sacrificing yourself to save the five people in danger , but you realize that you are far too light to stop the trolley .
If these considerations fail to get people to the polls , however , compulsory voting is one way of overcoming the free-rider problem .
Countries worried about low voter turnout would do well to consider their compulsory model .
The interests of patients should come first , but when it is dubious that continued treatment is in a patient 's interests and there is no way to find out what the patients wants , or would have wanted , it is reasonable to consider other factors , including the views of the family and the cost to the community .
While Spanish parliamentarians were sympathetically considering the rights of animals , however , in Austria ten leaders of lawful animal-welfare organizations were beginning their fifth week in prison .
Bush may naively consider it lying , and therefore wrong , to say that he is in California when he is recording a speech in Washington .
After CIA Director George Tenet took responsibility for the inclusion of the misleading material , Bush said that he `` absolutely '' had confidence in Tenet and the CIA , and that he considered the matter closed .
That 's not a trivial sum , but it is n't out of reach , especially considering that affluent nations would also benefit from cheaper drugs and from medical research that was focused on reducing disease rather than on maximizing profits .
John Stuart Mill , in his classic book On Liberty , considered a situation in which a man sets out to cross a bridge that we know is unsafe .
But Chua , a professor at Yale Law School -LRB- as is her husband -RRB- , lives in a culture in which a child 's self-esteem is considered so fragile that children 's sports teams give `` Most Valuable Player '' awards to every member .
It urges consideration of a range of measures , several of which were covered by the Security Council resolution , but also including a no-fly zone .
He was surely right , at least in so far as we are considering matters within US jurisdiction .
So , while Chin 's decision is a temporary setback on the way to a universal library , it provides an opportunity to reconsider how the dream can best be realized .
He considers three leading theories about what we ought to do -- one deriving from Kant , one from the social-contract tradition of Hobbes , Locke , Rousseau , and the contemporary philosophers John Rawls and T.M. Scanlon , and one from Bentham 's utilitarianism -- and argues that the Kantian and social-contract theories must be revised in order to be defensible .
Ahmadinejad may bluster , but there is usually considerable ambiguity and calculation behind his outbursts .
While many economists judge Germany 's strategy the worst and America 's the best , the Scandinavian strategy can be considered a second-best strategy .
The world 's eight richest countries promised to `` seriously consider '' halving their CO2 emissions by 2050 .
Two lessons arise from these considerations .
For this reason , the total price that emerges is higher than would have been chosen by a monopoly seller who represents all producers together and who takes into consideration all the mutual disadvantages from any decline in demand .
The German train drivers ' wage demands demonstrate that the privatization of former state-owned operations carries considerable risks for Germany 's labor market , because how those demands are resolved will determine whether Germany will move in the direction of unions based on trades .
If it does , Germany 's ranking in international strike statistics will rise considerably .
In the banking world as a whole , expected write-offs now considerably exceed the ¤ 400 billion mark projected just last spring .
With all this discouraging news , it is little comfort that some areas of the world are still displaying considerable growth rates : China is expected to grow by 9.5 % this year and in 2009 , with India growing by 8 % , Russia up by 6.5 % , owing to higher oil prices , and Latin America growing by 4.5 % on average during this period .
More than 50 % of the world 's population is now considered middle class , with a living standard above the average of the developed countries ' poverty lines -LRB- $ 8.2 at 1996 PPP prices -RRB- .
Again , there are three possibilities worth considering :
In fact , international markets have not financed any of them to a considerable extent for the past three years ; the European Central Bank has .
If these countries lack the political consensus they need to pull this off , they should in their own interest consider leaving the eurozone temporarily to depreciate their currencies .
In response , the government has urged managers to publish their incomes and abolished the bank secrecy laws that were once considered sacrosanct .
But consider the way in which the term `` debt '' -LRB- the original sin against God , with Satan as the great loan shark -RRB- has become `` leverage , '' a metaphor from engineering that has turned the classical injunction against `` getting into debt '' into a virtual duty to be `` highly leveraged . ''
Now consider recent financial innovations . On the back of the new computer and telecommunications technology , a giant market for derivative instruments was built .
This makes for considerable stability in markets as long as the conventions hold .
Additionally , the central bank acts as `` lender of last resort '' to commercial banks considered `` too big to fail . ''
Although there is no real British equivalent of the American revolving door between Washington and Wall Street , the Conservatives are widely considered to be friends of the City of London and soft on rich tax evaders like Lord Ashcroft and Zak Goldsmith .
It was now considered healthily Promethean to turn wealth into money and put it to work to make more money , because by doing this one was benefiting humanity .
In today 's atmosphere of what Marcuse would call `` repressive tolerance , '' such language would be considered `` stigmatizing . ''
Fortunately , France has reconsidered , Germany will provide limited naval assistance , and Italy has stepped up to contribute 3,000 peacekeepers . In addition , China has recently pledged 1,000 troops .
And clients will not bring those cases unless they believe that the judges are independent enough to decide cases on the merits , rather than on the basis of bribes or political considerations .
Nor have advanced economies , particularly the United States , taken IMF advice fully into consideration .
For example , if 20 % of the world 's electricity were to be generated by wind turbines , then , considering their inherently low load factor of about 25 % -LRB- compared to 75 % for thermal stations using steam turbines -RRB- , we would need to install new capacity of some 1.25 TW in these machines .
On the contrary , European countries continue to forge bilateral deals with Russia , with little consideration for common EU interests .
As a gesture intending to boost Kerry 's chances , German Defense Minister Peter Struck suggested that his country might reconsider its position on troops in Iraq .
Regulators might consider imposing pro-cyclical equity requirements -- increasing the equity percentage in boom times in order to offset losses in the inevitable bust times .
Iraq , governed by Shia political forces , also keeps close tabs on Syria 's evolution , as does Turkey , which , until fairly recently , considered Syria a keystone of its regional policy .
In addition , governments consider natural resources to be strategic and do n't release information about them .
World Trade Organization agreements apply to energy only tangentially , because energy is considered an exhaustible natural resource , and in many cases is thus exempt from the rules .
We also have a considerable number of new instruments in the area of justice and home affairs .
In Somalia , we are considering security-sector reform measures to complement EUNAVFOR Somalia and the humanitarian aid and political support that we are already providing .
Military action can not be considered the only variable of success .
The British may now consider the EDA a defense expenditure , but , when better defined , it could represent a source of savings for every EU country .
Compared to Chirac 's rigid refusal to consider any kind of rapprochement with the Front , Sarkozy 's policy is thus a small step towards recognition of the Front 's legitimacy .
One should also consider why anyone wants to become a judge .
Unfortunately , the problems created by the current enlargement make it unrealistic to hold out membership to additional countries beyond the ones now under consideration - Bulgaria , Romania , Turkey , and possibly the Balkan countries .
The ideas expressed in Bush 's speech thus deserve serious consideration .
This has left the US not only deeply divided , but also at loggerheads with much of the rest of the world , which considers our policies high-handed and arbitrary .
The conference should follow up on a resolution by the European Parliament to consider whether Afghanistan should become one of the countries licensed to produce opium for medical purposes .
The EU was brought into existence by a process of piecemeal social engineering -- the method Popper considered appropriate to an open society -- directed by a far-sighted , purposeful elite who recognized that perfection is unattainable .
Germany would consider the existing precedents , namely the EU 's budget and the composition of the ECB , unfair and unacceptable .
Or consider the Internet bubble , which Greenspan recognized early but then did nothing to address .
But , regardless of the eventual outcome , the case has far-reaching implications for the financial reform legislation that the US Congress is now considering .
Requiring derivatives and synthetic securities to be registered would be a simple and effective measure ; yet the legislation currently under consideration in the US contains no such requirement .
Of course , these considerations ought not to influence the legislation .
Germans should consider the following thought experiment : withdrawal from the euro .
Instead , European law requires an individual determination that deportation is necessary and proportionate to the crime committed , as well as consideration of other circumstances -LRB- such as the strength of the individual 's ties to the community -RRB- .
Such regulatory reform is now under consideration by the European Commission , and French support is imperative if the EU is to announce this month the necessary legislative moves to promote transparency .
As a result , anyone who considers the status quo undesirable , unacceptable , or unsustainable has had to take an anti-European stance .
But the WTO should also reconsider its involvement .
Indeed , China , far from being thrown off course by the crisis , is entering a middle-income transition that over time will create considerable space in labor-intensive manufacturing and services , as the country evolves structurally and exits from these sectors .
Yet emerging economies , once considered much more vulnerable , have been remarkably resilient .
Contrary to most commentary , this is not a growth strategy , but rather an attempt to limit the considerable risk of another major downturn , induced by further balance-sheet damage in the housing sector .
True , low interest rates , together with a second round of quantitative easing , are causing considerable global distortions , as funds flow into fast-growing emerging markets , fueling inflationary pressure and asset bubbles .
With more than ample domestic demand , considerably boosted by rapid expansion in government and health care , the US economy sustained growth and employment in the face of large increases in the labor force -LRB- 27 million new workers since 1990 -RRB- , notwithstanding the substantial headwinds created by new labor-saving information technology .
Most alarmingly , Chechen rebels enjoyed considerable freedom of operation in Georgia , creating supply bases on its territory and receiving medical help in Georgian hospitals before slipping back into Russia .
The Adzhar people consider themselves Georgians , but still have frequent squabbles with the central government , so how could ethnically distinct Abkhazia and South Ossetia feel assured that their relations with Georgia would work out any better ?
The IMF 's management shares many strategic considerations repeatedly raised by the Bundesbank , which has argued that the Fund should limit its activities to its core mandate : promoting monetary and financial stability .
On the fiscal side , the rules of the Stability and Growth Pact were even weakened , and the decisions on adjustment measures and possible sanctions became dependent on short-sighted political considerations .
Financial markets ' sudden reappraisal of sovereign risk has now put euro-area governments under considerable pressure to reduce their deficits .
Instead , banks were obliged only to take equity injections from the government , which they consider politically toxic .
This gives us considerable standing .
During the burst of imperial expansion in Africa that followed national integration and trade liberalization in Europe , colonial powers showed little interest in delineating colonial national boundaries based on cultural or ethnic considerations ; they cared only about raw materials and markets .
But electoral competitiveness is always a necessary condition for democracy - and therefore a central consideration when evaluating a country 's prospects for democratization .
Mexico 's crisis is the ideal time to consider new variants of presidentialism .
It outlined some of the measures that should be considered and established a working group to explore the way forward , possibly under the guidance of a newly established expert group .
The agreement was remarkable : in providing what in many ways was a clearer articulation of the crisis and what needs to be done than that offered by the G-20 , the UN showed that decision-making need n't be restricted to a self-selected club , lacking political legitimacy , and largely dominated by those who had considerable responsibility for the crisis in the first place .
Finally , most economists agree that , apart from these considerations , the appropriate size of a deficit depends in part on the state of the economy .
This will require considerable restructuring of their economies , but China and India are both dynamic , and proved their resilience in their response to the Great Recession .
Direct interventions , restrictions on short-term capital inflows , capital-gains taxes , and stabilizing prudential banking regulations will all have to be considered .
The first is now over ; the second -- the result of overinvestment in high technology and telecommunications , the sectors that were so important in the boom of the late 90s -- may last considerably longer .
There remains a considerable capacity overhang -- such as fiber optic lines that remain dark , having yet to see any light pass through them .
Whatever the merits of a common currency , those in Europe deliberating about adopting the Euro should consider whether to tie their fortunes to an institutional arrangement whose flaws are increasingly apparent .
Likewise , developing countries need to consider not only the central bank 's independence , but also its mandate and representativeness .
The World Bank and other institutions considering assistance through loans face even greater difficulties .
To put it bluntly , given the World Bank 's importance , consideration of either putative US candidate , Assistant Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz or former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carleton Fiorina , have been highly controversial around the world .
So , despite the embarrassment associated with the recent appointment of the current IMF Managing Director Horst Kohler , when the Clinton Administration heavy-handedly vetoed Europe 's first choice for the post , someone with deep experience in developing countries and a new approach to their problems was never seriously considered .
That damage is all the greater when we consider how America 's trade subsidies contributed to the demise of the Doha Round .
But , whatever the reason , policymakers face considerable uncertainty about the level of NAIRU . Thus , they still face a trade-off between pushing unemployment too low , and setting off an episode of inflation , and not pushing hard enough , resulting in an unnecessary waste of economic resources .
Based on changes in the economy , I and the staff that worked with me on President Bill Clinton 's Council of Economic Advisers argued that the NAIRU was considerably lower .
How credible will an anti-corruption message be when delivered by an appointee of what is considered one of the most corrupt and incompetent administrations in US history ?
What options should be considered ?
Instead of seeking definitive global judgments about the risks of particular choices , it is wiser to consider the assumptions behind such advice -- since these are central in determining the conditions under which the advice is relevant .
Investors in China must consider their vulnerability to negative publicity , and be confident that they can explain their position .
Some observers have dubbed the new facility `` EZ loan , '' though few countries meeting the qualifying criteria would consider their policy achievements -- and their commitment to maintaining that record -- anything but `` easy . ''
During the crisis , we saw how quickly capital fled from countries previously considered safe bets . Today , many of these countries are reeling from a veritable tsunami of returning money .
The major increases in food production associated with the Green Revolution in the 1960 's -- with considerable government and international not-for-profit support -- gave way to new policy priorities in the 1980 's .
Many observers consider QE2 a blunt instrument that is unlikely to achieve its objectives , although it may weaken the dollar , which many think will redress recurrent US trade deficits .
Dealing with any surge of asylum seekers will require the EU to strengthen its capacity to offer temporary protection -- and possibly to reconsider how its overall asylum system works .
In order to connect our societies in positive ways , we should seriously consider liberalizing trade regimes , opening new avenues for legal migration , and vastly expanding the number of students from the region who come to Europe for education and professional training .
It is past time to consider how it is performing , and whether it has lived up to the expectations that accompanied its birth .
So , all things considered , China 's looming leadership transition is shaping up to be a very challenging period for China and the world .
Three years ago , the Commission on Legal Empowerment of the Poor considered ways of empowering the `` bottom billion '' by expanding and deepening the means by which they could pull themselves out of poverty .
To some extent , it is surprising that the Islamist parties did not do better , considering their success elsewhere in mobilizing the most marginalized and vulnerable in society .
If Somaliland 's imminent multi-party elections are reasonably fair and open , the outside world , including the AU and the United Nations , will need to reconsider its status , which has been fudged since the collapse of Siad Barre 's regime in 1991 .
But , when answering a parliamentary question that I put to the European Commission recently , the commissioner responsible for development policy , Andris Piebalgs , indicated that the Commission would consider any request from the UK for co-financing the Chagossians ' repatriation , which the EU fully and rightly accepts as a sovereign UK matter .
Were Berlusconi only a statesman , one could argue that realpolitik is a justifiable prerogative of a sovereign state : strategic considerations often trump the pursuit of more noble goals , such as promotion of human rights .
One is the decision by the United States to reconsider its policy of sanctions , becoming more flexible while remaining true to its values and interests .
To see why , consider such a regime from an individual 's standpoint .
My will is thwarted , so why should I consider myself free ?
Only an appeal to this kind of membership can rebut the challenge of those considering support for a monarch 's or general 's or provisional government 's coup in the name of their freedom .
In that spirit , the continent took considerable pride in the successful execution of the 2010 election and in Ivorian voters ' courageous and disciplined behavior .
Europe is generally considered more a constraint than as a plan , more as an instrument than a vision nourished by a clear and credible idea .
The main targets -- jobs , growth , and research -- are considered legitimate from the standpoint of fairness when described in general terms .
When we are faced with conflicting choices -- burden-sharing through taxation , the organization of the public sector , the status of public employees , etc. -- the member states are considered to be the only bodies entitled to decide .
Our cricketers have come close to being considered the best in the world , but cricket is not an Olympic sport .
Her response -- `` I would build a sports stadium '' -- was considered stupid by the judges , and the almost-certain crown -LRB- she was the overwhelming favorite -RRB- slipped from her grasp .
In the US , the `` non-proliferation ayatollahs , '' who hypocritically consider nuclear weapons an unmitigated evil except in their own hands , railed against it .
Though banned by General Pervez Musharraf under duress after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the Lashkar -LRB- which considers the United States , Israel and India `` existential enemies of Islam '' -RRB- simply regrouped under a different name and is even more powerful than before .
First , India has considerable resources of its own to put towards growth , and has proven itself skilled at the art of channelling domestic savings into productive investments .
For one thing , there is n't another ocean on the planet that takes in Asia , Africa , and Oceania -LRB- and could embrace Europe , too , since the French department of Reunion , in the Indian Ocean , gives France observer status in IOR-ARC , and the French foreign ministry is considering seeking full membership -RRB- .
To them , an independent India , freed after nearly 1,000 years of alien rule -LRB- first Muslim , then British -RRB- and rid of a sizable portion of its Muslim population by Partition , is obliged to embody and assert the triumphant indigenous identity of the 82 % of the population who consider themselves Hindu .
Before long , the Council will also have to consider the implications of the likely commencement of a US troop drawdown in Afghanistan , another area of direct importance to India 's national security .
India will also have to reconsider its traditional opposition to the Council 's tendency to broaden its mandate by taking on issues that India believes fall within the General Assembly 's jurisdiction .
It 's considered directly responsible for a spike in the sale of generator sets and even for absences from religious functions which clash with its broadcast times . ''
Indians have long been resigned to defeat for their national side -LRB- though this is changing -RRB- , but they have always managed to produce individual record-breakers -- outstanding cricketers like the batsmen Sunil Gavaskar and Sachin Tendulkar , or the all-rounders Vinoo Mankad and Kapil Dev , who were considered to be among the world 's best players , even if the Indian teams to which they belonged lost more often than they won .
If you restrict your search to randomized controlled trials , generally considered the most reliable design for investigating the efficacy of treatments , still more than 3,200 hits appear .
Latin American countries in the Amazon region , for example , are home to what can rightly be considered the world 's storehouse of biodiversity .
The epidemic happens silently over years or decades ; the danger is either not recognized or not considered avoidable ; and action is often seen as the responsibility of the individual -LRB- lifestyle modification -RRB- or health-care system -LRB- pharmaceutical prescription -RRB- , rather than the state .
This may mean eliminating shadowy `` tax havens , '' tapping phone lines , and identifying individuals considered highly dangerous .
Although Uribe is now technically a `` lame duck '' president , he does retain considerable influence , and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security -- the central focus of his presidency -- at the heart of the electoral battle .
It is not clear whether these laws will actually punish the crimes or merely reduce the visibility of the numbers : if a crime requires certain difficult-to-prove elements in order to be considered a femicide , a large number of murders will remain on the books as simple homicides , and the authorities will be able to say they have `` reduced '' the femicide rate .
And , considering the rampant corruption that plagues our continent , it might take a century to see male soccer teams managed and funded sufficiently .
Jonathan is President of Nigeria today because Umaru Musa Yar ` Adua , his deceased predecessor , came to power through what many consider rigged elections .
In economic terms , they have had considerable success .
Should the West really consider blocking Russian investments abroad as a way to influence Russia ?
The holiday received its current name in 2006 , and , according to a recent survey by the Russian pollster FOM , 59 % of Russians consider it to be special or significant -LRB- 32 % do not -RRB- .
We must not tolerate a system of nuclear apartheid , in which it is considered legitimate for some states to possess nuclear arms but patently unacceptable for others to seek to acquire them .
It must consider where and in what sort of Europe it fits , what balance it should strike between Russia and the European Union , and how it should find the self-assurance needed to play its full part in world affairs .
Unfortunately , in the aftermath of the Cold War , it has often been assumed that Russia 's hostile intentions have disappeared , and foreign policy toward Russia has been conducted as if traditional diplomatic considerations no longer apply .
But without making Iran weigh real costs against its nuclear plans , Iran will have little reason to consider the suspension of uranium enrichment and plutonium dabbling -LRB- both are usable for nuclear fuel-making but abusable for bomb-making -RRB- that the Europeans and the United States have made a condition for serious negotiations to take place .
Europe can also consider using various stabilization funds to help our economy through the crisis that we are all enduring .
First , the system should take into consideration current security risks , based on the existing missile capabilities of non-NATO countries .
Nor can they be considered the first tentative steps towards such a shared destiny , in the manner of the 1952 European Coal and Steel Community Treaty , which began the project for European unity .
Israeli hardliners saw the `` war on terror '' and the war in Iraq as their wars , supported Bush 's war-like rhetoric and isolation of Iran , and considered the neo-conservatives their ideological kin .
It is likely that Obama will consider a Palestinian state to be in America 's fundamental interest .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Obama will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for he considers it to be a strategic concern .
SANTIAGO -- European leaders , faced with the reality of an insolvent Greece , are reportedly now considering a `` Plan B '' that would involve reducing the burden of its future debt payments .
This is a welcome contrast to the options considered so far , all of which involved -- under different guises -- foisting more debt onto a country that has too much of it already .
Nor are European ministers , still struggling to catch up with reality , yet considering involuntary debt exchanges .
The irony is that the euro has been a hugely successful project , bringing considerable stability to participating countries .
He later argued that Danone should be considered `` French '' because its `` milk collection and its water sources are in France . ''
MOSCOW -- Prime Minister Vladimir Putin insists that `` Without normal democratic development Russia will have no future . '' We Russians are pleased to hear these enlightened words , yet Putin adds a `` but '' to his argument , which weakens it considerably .
If you resist discarding possessions that others -LRB- a spouse , say , or a clinician -RRB- find of limited value , and consequently clutter your living space , and you are distressed about this or are creating what others consider an unsafe environment , you are diagnosable .
If you are highly sexual for six months in a way that feels uncontrolled and becomes distressing , and use sexuality for relieving feelings of stress and boredom or without consideration of the emotional effect on others -LRB- formerly known as being a `` cad '' -RRB- , you are diagnosable .
While only four ICTY indictees remain at large , two fugitives -- Ratko Mladic and Radovan Karadzic -- are among the most notorious suspects who must face justice before the ICTY 's work can be considered complete .
Here incomes are often considerably more volatile than in richer countries , owing to heavy reliance on a few commodities or industries and hence higher vulnerability to external shocks , including weather-related and other natural disasters .
What was decisively different between Ceylon and Malaya , however , is found in the fact that , in Ceylon , both major communities consider themselves to be natives , having both lived on the land they hold for over twenty centuries .
It is worth considering whether Aldous Huxley , who taught Orwell at school and who wrote another great and portentous piece of political fiction , Brave New World , provides a more relevant perspective .
As a result , considerable progress was made in the `` wholesale '' securities sector .
There is considerable domestic pressure in each of these countries -- as there has been in Israel and Pakistan , currently the region 's only nuclear states -- to secure the presumed benefits in power and prestige of possessing nuclear weapons .
The UN Human Rights Committee has found that widespread and systematic human rights abuses extend throughout Sudan , not just Darfur . Foreign Policy magazine considers Sudan the country most at risk of state failure .
For these reasons , any major peace operation involving Western countries would soon lead their governments to consider regime change in Khartoum as the most viable exit strategy .
The EU is also considering negotiating a free-trade area with Georgia and relaxing visa rules for Georgian citizens .
SCO members showed no interest in contributing troops to the ISAF , but the declaration did encourage `` other countries ... to participate in the collective efforts '' to combat regional terrorism and to `` consider taking part in transiting non-military cargoes needed by ISAF . ''
According to Perminov , the proposals that Roscosmos is considering do not envision trying to destroy the asteroid , but rather to use the laws of physics to change its path .
What are the rights and duties of scientists and governments who consider the risks to be graver than their counterparts in other countries do ?
But Obama 's actions have been considerably more restrained than is often assumed .
Only in `` extreme circumstances '' would the US consider using nuclear weapons .
Although Obama has endorsed the goal of abolishing nuclear weapons , he has described this as a long-term effort , and offered no concrete time-line for achieving it . No date has been set when Obama will ask the Senate to reconsider the CTBT .
The Obama administration considers both Iran and North Korea to be outside this category .
Until now , Taliban representatives have demanded that all Western troops leave Afghanistan before they even consider engaging in direct talks with the Afghan government .
It includes a number of liberal-democratic principles that many Taliban consider objectionable , if not blasphemous .
Unlike in Pakistan , moreover , the Afghan insurgents could resume fighting with the expectation that their main adversary , the international forces , would be considerably hobbled in their response , because Western publics would prevent their governments from sending their troops back to battle .
They should instead consider cooperating on concrete BMD projects .
Nonetheless , the potential for constructive influence remains considerable , and it should be responsive to those in Egypt who favor liberal ideas , democratic institutions , and broad distribution of the benefits of economic development .
Although sentiment favoring a secular state is considerable , a coalition that can serve as an alternative or counterweight to the Muslim Brotherhood will be difficult to assemble .
The need for economic growth could intrinsically push policymakers toward market-oriented economic policies -LRB- sensitive to considerations of `` social justice '' -RRB- and an open investment environment .
It should , however , foster a culture of consultation with industry as a necessary dimension of legitimacy , which implies more transparent approaches to considering the market impact of proposed standards .
The FSB , along with the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision , has been quietly considering new mechanisms for monitoring implementation of standards , particularly in the context of Basel III rules .
The last 12 months have witnessed radical changes and considerable controversy regarding how childhood and teenage depression is treated .
In the meantime , governments and donors should consider cheaper short-term options .
But many within Moscow 's political elite still consider Belarus an integral part of Russia , which it was -- with only short interruptions -- since 1795 .
Scientists and engineers are being produced at rates comparable or higher than in the past , and , while few non-science students find their required science courses enjoyable or useful , that is considered to be inherent to the subject .
Until recently , I would have considered this unlikely .
And , apart from possible political considerations , large holders of dollars would find a substitution account attractive as a form of protection against strong fluctuations in the dollar 's value .
All this competition has led to considerable hand-wringing in the West .
This image was very much on my mind when the mayor of São Paulo , Marta Suplicy , asked me to set up a new Strategic Master Plan for our 10.4 million people - a number that grows to 17.4 million when the greater metropolitan area is considered .
It should consider linking the opening of the Nord Stream pipeline , which would allow Russia to cut off gas to Poland and Ukraine while maintaining deliveries to Germany , to the opening of the proposed `` White Stream '' pipeline to bring gas from Azerbaijan directly to Ukraine via Georgia , bypassing Russia .
But actions speak louder than words , and challenges to the NPT regime have continued to undermine its basic principles , causing considerable backsliding .
This past fall , we convened a task force under the auspices of the Asia Society to consider how the US can best pursue a path of engagement with Burma .
If one considers the issue of aid flows , one finds that though development aid rose in 2005 to $ 107 billion , most of the increase was geared towards `` special circumstances , '' such as debt forgiveness and for Iraq and Afghanistan .
Being considerate , they do not burden each other by building themselves up as heroes in their own personal tragedies .
In practice , and especially when deflationary fears are already present , managing private_sector expectations demands considerable subtlety .
In our own research , we have found that people remain somewhat mysterious to dogs for the first five months of life , and dogs at our local pound lag considerably behind house dogs when it comes to understanding human beings .
The point of this deception was that when Horowitz asked each owner whether his dog looked guilty , she could consider whether the owner 's report of `` guilty looks '' actually had to do with the facts of the matter -- whether the dog had taken the forbidden treat -- or whether it reflected nothing more than whether the owner had chastised his hound .
While many private French firms are thriving , they do so by economizing on manpower and , increasingly , by outsourcing production , often to new EU member countries where labor costs are considerably lower .
Then consider these countries ' bloated public services , where jobs are guaranteed for life , promotion is by seniority rather than merit , and customers are seen as a nuisance .
Then consider Poland , where the Kaczynski twins , who hold the presidency and the prime ministership , have allied themselves with populist , xenophobic , and anti-Semitic parties .
Dubbed the `` hyper-president '' by bewildered media , he has launched a vast number of reforms , many of which were once considered political suicide .
Sarkozy 's slogan `` work more to earn more '' has won him considerable support .
By contrast , the unions argue that they have `` social legitimacy , '' a claim that may surprise many outside France , but that holds considerable sway in a country where large-scale demonstrations or drawn-out strikes are interpreted as a valid representation of popular will .
But Sarkozy is not quite turning France , long a country hostile to supply-side reform , into what many would consider a normal economy .
Journalists now learn how to evade government guidelines by distributing and collecting information online , making it more difficult for propaganda bosses to silence the spread of information considered `` sensitive . ''
And if the liquidation rate for creditors ' common claims is defined as no lower than that at the time the draft restructuring plan was submitted for approval , compensation must be considered in the event that payment is delayed .
The idea that the state should pursue economic growth without consideration for moral concerns was anathema to Confucius and his followers .
Kuwait 's political system is considered the most modern among the Arab Gulf sheikhdoms and monarchies , because all citizens -- men and women alike -- elect its parliament .
Some 2,000 Shia pilgrims gathered near the mosque that houses the Prophet 's tomb for the commemoration of Mohamed 's death , an act of worship that the ruling Saudi Wahhabi sect considers heretical and idolatrous .
When considering Yemen 's future , therefore , the stakes could hardly be higher .
His desperation mounting , Saleh has ordered deadly attacks on protesters , evidently believing that his considerable skill at political manipulation would see him through .
But the Saudis , having backed Saleh financially , and having sent troops to Yemen in 2009 to help him wage war against the Houthis , now consider him beyond saving .
The Shia , considered apostates by the Kingdom 's Wahhabi establishment , are viewed as a threat to the Saudi state 's legitimacy and existence , not only because of Iran 's power , but also because of the Kingdom 's large , indigenous Shia population , which is concentrated around the country 's oil fields .
Both choices are fraught with danger : open up , and they include people in Saudi public life hitherto considered unworthy for being either heretics -LRB- the Shia -RRB- or of impure blood -LRB- the Hejazis -RRB- or too primitive -LRB- the border tribes -RRB- .
Because of this simple fact , the military considerations are very different from those in a conflict between countries that are distant from each other .
So , when we decide to fight a war against them , we have to consider very carefully the character of that war , its duration , and the effect of its violence .
Following the Six-Day War , Israel did not consider the conquered lands as something to be traded for peace , and thus induce the Arab world and the Palestinians to recognize its legitimacy and ensure the demilitarization of Palestinian territories after their restitution .
First , the question of Jewish nationality is , in fact , very complicated , even for Jews themselves , as many consider themselves Jewish only in a religious sense .
Some consider the Palestinian prisoners ' release a mistake , legally and ethically , and a shocking injustice to the families of their victims .
By contrast , if the threshold is set low enough to bring spreads down from panic levels , purchases will be more substantive , but at the expense of reducing considerably the effective haircut on private holders .
A joint South Korea-US military exercise near the Demilitarized Zone or a joint anti-submarine exercise at the Northern Limit Line should be considered .
Making North Korea pay a high economic cost for its rash behavior should be considered as well .
In the coming weeks , Hezbollah will have to calculate at several levels . It will , above all , take Syrian priorities into consideration .
If commercial banks had been allowed to base lending decisions solely on economic considerations , credit and money supply would have grown more slowly , limiting the risk of rising bad-loan ratios , stalled enterprise reform , inflationary pressure , and a resurgence of asset bubbles as excess liquidity enters equity and real-estate markets .
And , as the rest of the world grapples with austerity measures , such countries should be considering restoration strategies and ways to permanently wean themselves off foreign aid .
I am neither gay , nor Ghanaian , but I have spent considerable time in Ghana and I reject the argument - heard in other parts of Africa as well - that Western notions of sexuality have perverted Africans .
`` Big corporations do n't even have Africa on the map when they consider outsourcing locations , '' says Sambou Makalou , a native of Mali who tries to persuade US employers to shift service jobs to Africa .
In neuroeconomics experiments that my lab has conducted , we have found that when a stranger places trust in another by making a considered monetary investment that can either be returned or stolen , our brains release an ancient mammalian hormone called oxytocin .
The second risk stems from the globalized character of virtually every industry commonly considered a candidate for support .
Moreover , policymakers should consider which industries deliver the biggest development bang for the buck : export-generating industries do not always have the greatest impact on employment and value added .
BEIJING -- The release by WikiLeaks of American diplomatic cables written between 2004 and 2010 contains considerable material on China 's policy toward North Korea .
Second , legal theory must reconsider the extent to which powerful situational and systemic factors should be taken into account in punishing individuals .
At the end of my narrative , I invite readers to consider fundamental strategies of resisting and challenging unwanted social influences , and I introduce the notion of `` the banality of heroism . ''
