Israel is considering Abbas 's request to transfer arms and ammunitions from Egypt and Jordan in hopes of bolstering his loyalist forces .
Whatever the corporate horror stories in US banks , almost no European investment bank remains , and Germany is seriously considering a state-owned `` bad bank '' to bail out its all-powerful banking giants .
Iranian experts argue that , in considering the trade-off between internal unrest and external sanctions , the Iranian government must choose between domestic security and international security .
An Egyptian precedent would bring awareness and sobriety to an entire generation of lenders that is not accustomed to considering this type of risk , and that may even be unfamiliar with the doctrine of odious debt .
That is the question that the European Court of Human Rights -LRB- ECHR -RRB- faces this week as its Grand Chamber , consisting of 17 judges , begins considering an appeal of an initial ruling that rejected claims of discrimination against the Roma by the Czech Republic 's education authorities .
Why Financial Pay Should n't be Left to the Market CAMBRIDGE -- Although some financial firms are reforming how they pay their employees , governments around the world are seriously considering regulating such firms ' compensation structures .
None of these countries is considering a military solution to the Afghan crisis .
But America itself is reconsidering its priorities .
The six governments that are currently considering the next steps to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear bomb -- the five permanent members of the UN Security Council and Germany -- should heed that advice .
Still , legislative bodies are cautious when considering possible changes to the law .
So Dutch embassies are bracing themselves for violent demonstrations , and the government is considering special security measures .
But the Security Council must be extremely cautious in considering any suspension of ICC proceedings .
Yet , after dispatching 21,000 additional troops to Afghanistan , Obama is considering sending another 14,000 .
While such ideas are not for everyone , certain Continental countries secretly prefer Britain 's disjointed scenarios , with some heads of governments even considering their countries ' commitments reversible .
And that is why several other EU countries are now considering receiving ex-detainees cleared for release , but who , for compelling reasons , can not return to their countries of origin .
But do n't count on it , especially considering the share of marginal investment in Asia that is aimed , one way or another , at exporting to the American market .
Now , Turkish Cypriots confront a new injustice , this time at the hands of the European Union , which is considering granting membership to the Greek-controlled section of Cyprus .
Motivating the EU 's action in considering Greek controlled Cyprus for membership is the fiction that the 1960 partnership Republic of Cyprus continues to exist .
If there is a consensus on one issue , it is the impossibility of understanding the bubble and the crash without considering the role of global imbalances .
In considering the fiscal implications of Obama 's health proposals , it is important that the current legislation would still leave 25 million individuals without insurance .
At the annual Fed conference at Jackson Hole , Wyoming in August , Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke explained that he was considering a new round of quantitative easing -LRB- dubbed QE2 -RRB- , in which the Fed would buy a substantial volume of long-term Treasury bonds , thereby inducing bondholders to shift their wealth into equities .
This means that , when considering a `` new eastern policy , '' the European Union must focus first and foremost on Ukraine .
The West , and Europe in particular , really ca n't afford to alienate Turkey , considering their interests , but objectively it is exactly this kind of estrangement that follows from European policy towards Turkey in the last few years .
One proposal worth considering is to upgrade and strengthen the European Investment Bank 's Facility for Euro-Mediterranean Investment and Partnership -LRB- FEMIP -RRB- , which would become an autonomous institution , perhaps headquartered in the Middle East or North Africa , with shares held by the region 's governments -LRB- or other institutions -RRB- and other willing parties .
It also means systematically considering cost and life expectancy in decisions about reimbursing high-technology medical care .
Stagnation in computer design is not surprising , considering that familiarity is so comfortable .
Sometimes the RCB acted as the government 's banker , providing liquidity without considering the financial markets ; at other times , it focused on the financial markets , providing liquidity to banks .
Both countries have many reasons to pursue this goal , considering North Korea 's missile and nuclear programs , terrorism , and the numerous challenges to stability around the world .
Several Central and Latin American countries have now chosen -LRB- or are considering -RRB- this path as well . But official dollarization , no less than a currency board , implies the absence of a lender of last resort .
But the United Nations and national governments spend billions of dollars each year trying to help those in need without explicitly considering whether they are achieving the most that they can .
This week , the London School of Economics and Oxford University are publishing their conclusions . They are worth considering .
The relationship becomes tight when considering the evolution of each country 's real effective exchange rate based on the GDP deflator .
From a toughening of France 's position on Iran to a real warming of relations with Israel , not to mention symbolic gestures like Sarkozy 's summer vacation in America , or Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner 's arrival in Baghdad , this is a New France , one seriously considering a return to NATO 's integrated military structure .
Canada is considering similar legislation , and the city of Chicago is also considering banning industrial trans fats from restaurants .
America can take its time deciding on a new strategy in Afghanistan without considering European views , despite the presence of more than 30,000 European troops in the country .
It is worth considering how easy it would be to do away with a troublesome prisoner being force-fed by merely adjusting the calorie level . If it is too low , the prisoner will starve , but too high a level can also kill , since deliberate liquid overfeeding by tube , to which Guantánamo prisoners have reported being subjected , causes vomiting , diarrhea , and deadly dehydration that can stop one 's heart .
Today , some interpret the rise in China 's share of world output as signifying a fundamental shift in the balance of global power , but without considering military power .
At the very least , the Scandinavian example shows that politicians have more than one option to choose from when considering how to handle globalization .
Of course , this is no direct cost to public budgets -LRB- the total cost of bank rescue packages is much lower -RRB- , but this lost output is the cost that matters most when considering how to reduce the frequency of crises .
Other measures -- say , capital insurance , or reform of the boundaries within the financial industry , à la Paul Volcker -- are worth considering .
There was no sign of the more radical ideas that emerged later in the debate , such as the so-called Volcker rule separating banks and hedge funds -LRB- which is reflected in the US legislation -RRB- , or a crisis-resolution mechanism whereby bank debt is converted semi-automatically into equity -LRB- which several countries are considering -RRB- .
With today 's global economy in the middle of a sustained and increasingly balanced expansion , has the time come to start considering upside risks ?
This is important progress , considering that the opposition is still paying a price for its boycott of the 2005 elections that gave Chávez absolute control of Parliament .
While the `` self-illness ambiguity '' in mental illness may not be explicitly appreciated , many societies have made accommodations , such as considering a criminal offender 's state of mind in assessing legal culpability .
The predominant response among commentators to the sole television debate between Chancellor Angela Merkel and her challenger , Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier , held two weeks before the election , was a collective yawn -- all the more remarkable considering the historical events that overshadow this election .
Some economists point to imperfect information , which precludes companies from considering the higher returns on investment available in the developing world .
When considering today 's concern about Japan 's high public debt-to-GDP ratio , now at 202 % on a gross basis , one needs to reflect that the ratio would most likely be profoundly lower if Japan had in the past financed more of its deficit spending with trills instead of conventional debt , and issued them to investors around the world .
Yet another psychological barrier is a sort of ego involvement in our own success . Our tendency to take full credit for our successes discourages us from facing up to the possibility of loss or failure , because considering such prospects calls into question our self-satisfaction .
While Spanish parliamentarians were sympathetically considering the rights of animals , however , in Austria ten leaders of lawful animal-welfare organizations were beginning their fifth week in prison .
That 's not a trivial sum , but it is n't out of reach , especially considering that affluent nations would also benefit from cheaper drugs and from medical research that was focused on reducing disease rather than on maximizing profits .
He was surely right , at least in so far as we are considering matters within US jurisdiction .
Again , there are three possibilities worth considering :
For example , if 20 % of the world 's electricity were to be generated by wind turbines , then , considering their inherently low load factor of about 25 % -LRB- compared to 75 % for thermal stations using steam turbines -RRB- , we would need to install new capacity of some 1.25 TW in these machines .
In Somalia , we are considering security-sector reform measures to complement EUNAVFOR Somalia and the humanitarian aid and political support that we are already providing .
But , regardless of the eventual outcome , the case has far-reaching implications for the financial reform legislation that the US Congress is now considering .
The World Bank and other institutions considering assistance through loans face even greater difficulties .
To some extent , it is surprising that the Islamist parties did not do better , considering their success elsewhere in mobilizing the most marginalized and vulnerable in society .
Only an appeal to this kind of membership can rebut the challenge of those considering support for a monarch 's or general 's or provisional government 's coup in the name of their freedom .
For one thing , there is n't another ocean on the planet that takes in Asia , Africa , and Oceania -LRB- and could embrace Europe , too , since the French department of Reunion , in the Indian Ocean , gives France observer status in IOR-ARC , and the French foreign ministry is considering seeking full membership -RRB- .
And , considering the rampant corruption that plagues our continent , it might take a century to see male soccer teams managed and funded sufficiently .
SANTIAGO -- European leaders , faced with the reality of an insolvent Greece , are reportedly now considering a `` Plan B '' that would involve reducing the burden of its future debt payments .
Nor are European ministers , still struggling to catch up with reality , yet considering involuntary debt exchanges .
It is worth considering whether Aldous Huxley , who taught Orwell at school and who wrote another great and portentous piece of political fiction , Brave New World , provides a more relevant perspective .
The EU is also considering negotiating a free-trade area with Georgia and relaxing visa rules for Georgian citizens .
According to Perminov , the proposals that Roscosmos is considering do not envision trying to destroy the asteroid , but rather to use the laws of physics to change its path .
It should , however , foster a culture of consultation with industry as a necessary dimension of legitimacy , which implies more transparent approaches to considering the market impact of proposed standards .
The FSB , along with the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision , has been quietly considering new mechanisms for monitoring implementation of standards , particularly in the context of Basel III rules .
When considering Yemen 's future , therefore , the stakes could hardly be higher .
And , as the rest of the world grapples with austerity measures , such countries should be considering restoration strategies and ways to permanently wean themselves off foreign aid .
