More Palestinians were killed by contending militias than by the British army or the Jewish self-defense forces .
Turkey is thus emerging not as a regional mediator , equidistant from contending local players , but as an assertive , if not aggressive , regional power aiming for hegemony .
Ms. Park once pledged to provide loans for working-class families from elementary school to college years , while contending that local universities should be empowered to have more autonomy .
As with any compromise , the contending parties would both gain and lose from this arrangement .
American policymakers focused primarily on enlarging NATO to encompass many of the former Warsaw Pact countries , and on contending with the post-Yugoslav wars .
This is as silly as contending that antiretroviral drugs wo n't work in the region , and that treating HIV is all a giant plot on the part of big pharmaceutical companies .
Democracy , every Westerner will tell you , is not founded on what the élite think ; it 's what the people think that matters - or at least what a contending rabble of rival interests think .
Unfortunately , the world economy is still contending with that blindness in the aftermath of a financial crisis that resulted , in no small part , from letting financial markets run too free .
Under existing procedures , framing questions to the World Court is entirely a prerogative of states , either as contending parties or , as with the Kosovo opinion , operating through the UN .
On almost any issue , the Secretary-General is likely to find himself between contending groups of countries .
Part of the difficulty of contending with a crisis of confidence is that it is hard to quantify confidence in the first place .
There is controversy , of course , about the eventual size , with some claiming that as many as one job in two might eventually be outsourced , others contending that the potential is much more limited .
Science is increasingly used to support what are essentially public-policy decisions , particularly concerning new and complex technologies like genetically modified -LRB- GM -RRB- foods , novel chemicals , and contending energy infrastructures .
When faced with immeasurable uncertainties , it is much more common for a scientific committee to spend hours negotiating a single interpretation of the risks , even when faced with a range of contending but equally well-founded analyses and judgments , often from different -LRB- but equally scientific -RRB- fields and disciplines .
Public debate is also confused by an `` all-or-nothing '' mind-set , with skeptics contending that if any portion of climate change is naturally caused -LRB- say , by the earth 's axis tilting over a period of millennia -RRB- then none of it can be anthropogenic .
The Lebanese Labyrinth Lebanon is poised to hold a presidential election that none of its contending factions -- indeed , none of the rival parties in the region -- can afford to lose .
