But this is difficult for Europe to achieve , let alone contemplate : looming deficits and exhausted taxpayers make it hard , if not impossible , to divert several percentage points of GDP to military spending .
As they contemplate the end of their military operations , NATO members must support a political process if they truly want to stabilize Afghanistan .
True , Hamas has been indicating recently a readiness to contemplate a solution based on the 1967 borders , but it is doubtful that its leaders and members could live with the betrayal of the refugees .
Too frequently , revolutions are hijacked by a second wave , either more conservative or more radical than what was first contemplated by the initiators of change .
Every European should contemplate that possibility , at least for a moment , before resuming their current aversion to all things American .
The other option -- that US policy was in the terrorists ' crosshairs -- is too upsetting for these opponents to contemplate .
Neither the French nor the Germans , obviously , want to contemplate any possibility of a return to the days when every generation they would kill each other over the question of which language should be spoken by the mayor of Strasbourg -LRB- or is it Strassburg ? -RRB- .
There is one silver lining as we contemplate our macroeconomic wreckage : when incomes , production , and employment in the US return to their trend levels , Americans will demand an extra $ 1.7 trillion worth of buildings to live in .
It is for these reasons that we have seemed frozen for the past generation or two whenever we have contemplated reforming our system of financial regulation .
In short , Europe 's leaders -- and German leaders above all -- must make the case that the alternative is too dire to contemplate .
The EU should contemplate this option , because , for starters , it bears more than a little responsibility for Greece 's plight .
If these three urgent tasks are completed , there will be plenty of time -- and much time will be needed -- to contemplate radical changes like new budgetary rules , harmonization of other national policies , and a move to full fiscal union .
It is crucial in this context that RtoP advocates continue to emphasize that coercive military force can be contemplated only in the most extreme and exceptional circumstances .
A no-fly zone will be easier to contemplate as the last vulnerable expatriates leave the country , and planning for its application should be rapidly advanced .
Today , under the terms of the ideas set out in that review , the US contemplates the first use of nuclear weapons , and seeks to integrate tactical battlefield nuclear weapons alongside conventional munitions .
There is a distribution of possible growth rates , and the forecaster is telling us just one of the outcomes that he can contemplate .
Chaos , a resurgence of terrorism , the rise of radical Islamism , and massive waves of immigration towards Europe are just a few of the potential threats to the European Union that are now being contemplated .
But it would be best for all to pause a moment , contemplate T3 in Beijing , consider what it represents , and reflect on what an accomplishment the quick completion of such an iconic structure is for an emerging country like China .
A debtor 's strongest negotiating asset is always that creditors can not contemplate default , because default would bring down the entire financial system .
The Turkish government even attempted a regional initiative for a peaceful solution to the crisis , an effort no current EU member could have contemplated .
The chief negotiator appointed by Musharraf , Chaudhry Shujaat Husain , described the burqa brigade kidnappers as `` our daughters , '' with whom negotiations would continue and against whom `` no operation could be contemplated . ''
That line resonates as Germany and Greece contemplate their shared fate .
Reserve holdings represent an outdated concept , and the world should contemplate some way of making them less central to the operation of the international financial system .
Fortunately , US Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has reassured America 's Asian friends and allies that regional disengagement is not being contemplated .
For someone who lived through two totalitarian systems , it is almost unbearable to contemplate America 's decline .
They probably contemplate with barely disguised pleasure the difficulties currently encountered by the US in Iraq and elsewhere , but they do not feel any sense of a `` compensating responsibility '' for global stability .
But taking these traditions seriously would require much larger transformations of capitalism than even avowed Christian Democrats are prepared to contemplate , including a much wider distribution of ownership and mechanisms for involving workers in management .
These are the dangers that lead some to contemplate air strikes to destroy Iran 's nuclear facilities before they can make weapons .
The extraordinary implosion of global financial markets may also work to the advantage of the Yes side in a second referendum , because Ireland 's economic future can not be contemplated seriously outside of EU structures .
As they contemplate this turning point , China 's leaders should be aware of how malleable US foreign policy currently is .
But no one seems disposed to contemplate her heroic lack of qualifications to sit a heartbeat away from the Oval Office .
So , are we in 1936 , and does the budgetary tightening contemplated in many countries risk provoking a similar double-dip recession ?
In other instances when countries contemplated the same thing , they were not as sanguine .
Concerned that President Barack Obama will be less likely than Bush to use force to stop Iran , Israel must now contemplate its next steps should diplomacy continue to stall .
Just as Smith 's minimal capitalism was transformed into Keynes ' mixed economy , we need to contemplate a transition from the national version of the mixed economy to its global counterpart .
So they contemplated only a `` thin '' globalization , with capital flows restricted largely to long-term lending and borrowing .
Today , US authorities appear willing to contemplate any measure , no matter how inflationary , to insure that none of its major banks and investment houses fails .
Even once-invulnerable China must contemplate a halving of its growth rate .
It is intriguing to contemplate China embracing some sort of innovative democratic experiment , combining tricameralism with deliberative democracy methods to mold a new separation of powers -- and thus a new type of political accountability .
True , NAFTA is only an economic-not a political - union , and no symbolic gesture like the creation of a common currency is contemplated .
South Africa has a vested interest in stability , and it can turn the screws on Mugabe 's regime , much as it has refused to contemplate any form of sanctions because of their impact on the poor .
Setting a cap on Target accounts is a fundamentally more appropriate policy to keep current-account deficits in check than the wage policies contemplated by the new Pact for the Euro .
But these criticisms reflect an inability to contemplate the current nature of armed conflict , which no longer follows the classical logic of military victory or defeat .
Likewise , the joint expeditionary forces established under the treaties could lead to the eventual creation of a wider structure , as they already contemplate `` bilateral cooperation with NATO , the European Union , the United Nations , or other operations . ''
Once it is in place , Brazil 's incoming president -LRB- no matter who he is -RRB- would have no reason to contemplate interfering with Brazil 's normal debt servicing commitments .
Should the disastrous events contemplated here occur , a new global economy will eventually emerge from the ashes .
It would be a move somewhat similar to that contemplated in the US by the Clinton administration , which proposed a tax on billionaires who surrendered their citizenship in order to avoid taxation .
For this reason , the US is likely to press India not to contemplate forceful retaliation that could undermine America 's objectives in Afghanistan .
And since both India and Pakistan have nuclear weapons , the risk of military action spiralling out of control is too grave for any responsible government to contemplate .
India understands , though , that the collateral damage would be too high , the price in civilian lives unacceptable , and the risks of the conflict spiraling out of control too acute to contemplate such an option .
While the Unasur proposal may have been formulated in a more rigorous way than other initiatives , its failure to contemplate trade integration means that there is nothing to tie member states together beyond political will .
By hinting strongly that its $ 1.5 billion in largely military aid would be withheld in the event of unacceptable levels of repression , the US revealed that the post-Mubarak era is already being contemplated .
But a protracted and incremental process of small steps towards economic and then political reform -- the sequence contemplated by the European Union -- is no longer an option .
Even to contemplate such a possibility is proof of diplomatic failure , not a triumph of real leadership .
