More Palestinians were killed by contending militias than by the British army or the Jewish self-defense forces .
Turkey is thus emerging not as a regional mediator , equidistant from contending local players , but as an assertive , if not aggressive , regional power aiming for hegemony .
Today , however , these countries ' cities must contend with economic and social issues that are more acute , more urgent , and of a vastly larger scale than those that confronted European and American cities in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries .
The prevailing narrative often regards mosques and Islamic associations as spaces for radicalization , but I contend that some young people are actively turning away from these peaceful institutions .
There are fragile states to contend with , as well as the dangers of proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , authoritarian regimes , and the threat of extremism .
There are fragile states to contend with as well as the dangers of proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , authoritarian regimes , and the threat of extremism .
A violent Israeli disengagement , and thus the end of Israeli-Palestinian cooperation on security matters , might unleash such instability that Hamas emerges as a serious contender for power in the West Bank .
Emerging markets are leading the recovery , but a number of them must contend with the risks of overheating and growing financial imbalances .
Ms. Park once pledged to provide loans for working-class families from elementary school to college years , while contending that local universities should be empowered to have more autonomy .
Trailing her in opinion polls , the other contenders cite her lack of credibility on economic policy and international relations .
She is far from being a weak contender , and she is a fast learner with a strong campaign team .
Gubernatorial elections this November will force Kurdish political contenders to offer opposing programs , and some candidates will seek electoral advantage via populist calls for independence .
As with any compromise , the contending parties would both gain and lose from this arrangement .
Still , winning is better than losing , and Mexico is better off today than it was yesterday , when many thought the left-of-center populist contender , Andrés Manuel López Obrador , would receive a thumping endorsement from the electorate .
Latin America 's oldest standing two-party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrático presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Party 's contender , finally giving electoral expression to left-wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Latin America 's oldest standing two-party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrático presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Party 's contender , finally giving electoral expression to left-wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
With both the Karmapas in India , the Indian government has sought to maintain peace by barring the contenders from the sacred Rumtek monastery in the Indian Himalayan state of Sikkim .
China had several possible motives for staging his `` escape , '' including a desire to strengthen his claim to the title at a time when the rival contender -LRB- backed by important interests in India , Bhutan , and Taiwan -RRB- appeared to be gaining ground .
The ILO contends that children suffer greatly when they are forced to perform as `` small adults . ''
Women and the American Presidential Campaign OLYMPIA , WASHINGTON -- Barack Obama and John McCain are the two contenders in America 's presidential election this year , but the campaign has also been dominated by two very different women , Hillary Clinton and Sarah Palin .
The ECB contends that the core economies of the global North -- Germany , France , Britain , the United States , and Japan -- are now at the point where they need rapid fiscal retrenchment and austerity , because financial markets ' confidence in the quality of their debt is shaken , and may collapse at any moment .
I contend that their concern for world opinion-if that concern played the role I am suggesting it did-was for their country , not for themselves .
After presidential debates in the United States or Britain , the contenders , who may have been accusing each other of the most unforgivable of sins , shake hands vigorously and give each other genial and encouraging smiles .
Intolerance and fundamentalism form one choice for Muslims , but Islam has always had to contend with the question of secularism and the need for religious tolerance , as is evident from the ongoing reformist ferment in theocratic Iran .
Both leading contenders in the 2007 presidential election , Ségolène Royal and Nicolas Sarkozy , share relative youth -LRB- compared to the geriatrics of recent decades -RRB- and have their fingers on the pulse of public opinion .
He will also have to contend with an array of foreign policy challenges .
American policymakers focused primarily on enlarging NATO to encompass many of the former Warsaw Pact countries , and on contending with the post-Yugoslav wars .
Some contended that absolute poverty differs from relative poverty , or asked what responsibility individuals have to raise themselves out of poverty through education and work ?
Some have excellent infrastructure at their disposal , while their international competitors may have to contend with constant power cuts .
This is as silly as contending that antiretroviral drugs wo n't work in the region , and that treating HIV is all a giant plot on the part of big pharmaceutical companies .
Strauss-Kahn , a former French finance minister and contender for the Socialist nomination for the French presidency , has pushed through changes that allow the IMF to lend without conditions in some circumstances , and to give greater priority to protecting social safety nets -LRB- including unemployment benefits and healthcare systems -RRB- .
But in that effort , India must contend with its neighbor , China , which speaks with a louder voice and carries a larger stick .
Democracy , every Westerner will tell you , is not founded on what the élite think ; it 's what the people think that matters - or at least what a contending rabble of rival interests think .
Though steps toward democracy are possible , when the euphoria of the moment passes , political contenders will realize that , if only in self-defense , they must restrict their opponents ' freedoms .
Consider that apathy , excessive shopping , and overuse of the Internet are all serious contenders for inclusion in the next edition of the DSM , due to appear in 2012 .
Russian leaders ' high ratings do not , however , indicate a rational preference for the incumbents over potential contenders ; with political competition in Russia eviscerated , comparison and choice are not part of the political left .
The five contenders , all of whom served in Koizumi 's cabinet , are actively debating major policy issues , but appear to be offering only more of the similar , because they are not equipped with Koizumi 's charisma and boldness .
The second school of thought contends that terrorism can be eradicated by addressing its root causes .
Closed political systems and stagnant economies in the Muslim world , they contend , are symptoms , not causes .
At the onset of the US-led war in Iraq , two competing views shaped predictions about the outcome . The first contended that overthrowing Saddam Hussein 's regime would usher in a democratic era in Iraq that would serve as a model and catalyst for democratic change regionally .
Given this demonstration of Europe 's Lilliputian instincts , if a G-3 ever becomes a reality , the only serious contender nowadays to join the US and China is India .
Yet the public and the elite few view the presidential contenders as being capable of improving Iran 's conditions .
Today , Europe needs improved capacity to combat terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , deal with failed or failing states , contend with regional conflicts , and respond to humanitarian crises .
But the government-controlled media subsequently launched fierce attacks against them , targeting Primakov especially , since he was considered a serious rival to Putin and a legitimate presidential contender .
Countries that still struggle with malnutrition and illnesses like malaria , tuberculosis , and HIV\/AIDS , now must contend with an explosion of CVD 's , diabetes , and obesity , as well as soaring rates of high blood pressure and high blood cholesterol .
The fact that the final three contenders included a woman , an African-American , and an older man who often challenged his own party suggests that the United States , after a decline in popularity during the Bush years , retains a capacity to reinvent itself .
But China 's leaders will have to contend with other countries ' reactions , as well as with the constraints implied by the need for external markets and resources in order to meet their economic-growth objectives .
Northern PDP leaders , still pressuring the region 's large group of presidential contenders , including Babangida , to agree on who will fight it out with Jonathan , are already looking beyond the primaries .
The 2,000 Chiquitanos living around the park contend that a tree holds up the Amazon 's seven skies , and they are living that belief in a modern way : by using their forests to help reduce the stratospheric greenhouse gasses that cause global warming .
Moreover , economists contend that energy consumption per capita is declining , owing to more efficient use .
Spats have broken out between the Obama administration , future presidential contenders , senators , and arms control and defense experts .
Critics contend that the clause , along with the Kremlin 's implied warning that it could withdraw from the treaty unilaterally were America 's defenses to become too robust , provides the Kremlin with leverage to impede deployment of any strategic missile-defense system .
Yet , whether through the force of his intellect and talent , as he and his supporters say , or his genius at self-promotion , as many of his detractors contend , Kouchner succeeded in remaining at center stage no matter who was France 's president or prime minister .
Those who predict capitalism 's demise have to contend with one important historical fact : capitalism has an almost unlimited capacity to reinvent itself .
Unfortunately , the world economy is still contending with that blindness in the aftermath of a financial crisis that resulted , in no small part , from letting financial markets run too free .
The opposition must also contend with recent experience in Haiti .
Under existing procedures , framing questions to the World Court is entirely a prerogative of states , either as contending parties or , as with the Kosovo opinion , operating through the UN .
But these groups have already become a major contender in the Arab world 's battle of ideas .
The Phony Attack on Climate Science NEW YORK -- In the weeks before and after the Copenhagen climate change conference last December , the science of climate change came under harsh attack by critics who contend that climate scientists have deliberately suppressed evidence -- and that the science itself is severely flawed .
On almost any issue , the Secretary-General is likely to find himself between contending groups of countries .
The West should also recognize that the constituencies of Hezbollah and its allied , largely Christian , Free Patriotic Movement , led by presidential contender Michel Aoun , will be hit hardest by many of Siniora 's proposed economic and administrative reforms , such as lifting fuel subsidies and sharply raising value added tax .
Germany 's Same Old Election BERLIN -- Germany 's current parliamentary election campaign looks like a front-running contender for the title of the most boring in the history of the Federal Republic .
Taming `` Speculative Capitalism '' Nicolas Sarkozy , the leading contender in the French presidential election , recently lashed out against what he called `` speculative capitalism , '' and says he wants to `` moralize the financial zone '' created by the euro . What does Sarkozy mean by `` speculative capitalism ? ''
Part of the difficulty of contending with a crisis of confidence is that it is hard to quantify confidence in the first place .
Even though it had to pay interest premiums and was running a current-account deficit , Mario Draghi -LRB- the leading contender to take over the ECB this autumn -RRB- kept his central bank 's lending under tight control throughout the crisis .
Emblematic of the difference between the UN and the G-20 conferences was the discussion of bank secrecy : whereas the G-20 focused on tax evasion , the UN Conference addressed corruption , too , which some experts contend gives rise to outflows from some of the poorest countries that are greater than the foreign assistance they receive .
On key issues within Brazil , however , a broad political consensus -LRB- not unanimity , but no one should expect that ! -RRB- exists , and this includes all the major contenders in Brazil 's forthcoming presidential election in October .
There is controversy , of course , about the eventual size , with some claiming that as many as one job in two might eventually be outsourced , others contending that the potential is much more limited .
Science is increasingly used to support what are essentially public-policy decisions , particularly concerning new and complex technologies like genetically modified -LRB- GM -RRB- foods , novel chemicals , and contending energy infrastructures .
When faced with immeasurable uncertainties , it is much more common for a scientific committee to spend hours negotiating a single interpretation of the risks , even when faced with a range of contending but equally well-founded analyses and judgments , often from different -LRB- but equally scientific -RRB- fields and disciplines .
Not only must they contend with the prospect of falling exports and confidence ; they also are the latest victims of a financial crisis that started in the United States , traveled to Europe , and now has swept across their borders .
Hasina 's enormous popularity as a former prime minister , and her status as one of only two surviving daughters of Bangladesh 's founder , Sheikh Mujib Rahman , always ensured that she would be a leading contender in the election .
The middle class has taken charge , while a long-repressed Islamist contender has entered the fray of electoral politics .
Yet the next national elections , due before May 2009 , may produce a plausible Dalit contender for the job of prime minister -- Kumari Mayawati , the female chief minister of India 's largest state , Uttar Pradesh .
Nothing -LRB- short of the death of a major contender -RRB- interrupts the franchise .
To the American motto , `` E Pluribus Unum , '' India could only counter , `` E Pluribus Pluribum . '' Instead of suppressing its diversity in the name of national unity , India acknowledged its pluralism in its institutional arrangements : all groups , faiths , tastes , and ideologies survive and contend for their place in the sun .
These are the two big countries said to be taking over the world , the new contenders for global eminence after centuries of Western domination , the Oriental answer to generations of Occidental economic success .
We console each other when Chelsea loses , and worry together when our team plays big clubs , like recently when they played Liverpool , the only major contender that stood between Chelsea and the English title .
None of these former candidates remains a serious political contender , although some are still quite young .
Public debate is also confused by an `` all-or-nothing '' mind-set , with skeptics contending that if any portion of climate change is naturally caused -LRB- say , by the earth 's axis tilting over a period of millennia -RRB- then none of it can be anthropogenic .
At the same time , successive EU enlargements over the decades have brought in other powerful contenders , chiefly Spain and the UK , as well as smaller countries who are unwilling to bow before French-German leadership .
The Lebanese Labyrinth Lebanon is poised to hold a presidential election that none of its contending factions -- indeed , none of the rival parties in the region -- can afford to lose .
