Abbas has succeeded in convincing Israel to grant amnesty to many Fatah fugitives in the West Bank who will join his security apparatuses .
Instead of talking to fellow diplomats , Argentina 's ambassador to the US should talk to US supermarkets , convincing their managers to buy Argentine goods and arranging for them to meet with small businessmen from his country .
Here again , winning the battle for deregulation requires convincing consumers that they stand to benefit .
Even if globalization did increase inequality - a big if - since nobody has shown it convincingly , it still reduces poverty .
But the round of peacemaking that America has recently embarked upon not only comes too late in the political life of a lame-duck president who has been defeated at home and abroad ; it is also ill-conceived and unconvincing .
The facile Clausewitzian wisdom that military action ultimately leads to a political solution is no longer convincing .
By abandoning ambiguity and taking its own bomb out of the `` basement , '' Israel might be able to affirm its capacity for nuclear deterrence more convincingly , and , more importantly , enhance a serious debate about the urgency of a nuclear-free zone in the Middle East .
Indeed , if not convincingly deterred by the international community , it is extremely difficult to believe that Bashir would let the South secede without a fight .
No convincing peace initiatives or major policy responses are expected from Israel at a time when the United Nations General Assembly is poised to recognize overwhelmingly the creation of a Palestinian state -- a move that would further isolate the country .
It could also help the Bush Administration to come up with a more convincing procedure than the one presently envisaged for honoring the President 's vow to bring the perpetrators of September 11
The US economy is staging a more convincing recovery than the UK , and , in contrast to the Bank of England and the European Central Bank , the Fed is not explicitly mandated by Congress to achieve a specific inflation target .
As with any therapeutic intervention , the most convincing and direct proof of the preventive efficacy of antioxidant supplements requires randomized , controlled clinical trials .
But she must convincingly outline practical strategies to resolve South Korea 's most serious problems , including high unemployment , worsening educational performance , and North Korea 's nuclear weapons program .
If the student leaders had really wanted to take over the government , and use violence to do so , this theory would be convincing .
This is a vital lesson , especially at a time when China 's economic success is convincing too many leaders that citizens , especially but not only in Asia , want to be treated like children .
However , there is no convincing evidence that parental background explains the link between higher intelligence and longer life .
Not surprisingly , the empirical evidence that trade imbalances can be resolved through exchange rate changes alone is unconvincing .
Herein lies the most convincing explanation for British decline .
The Yale University economist Robert Shiller has long argued that national governments should issue GDP-linked bonds as a safer way to borrow , but convincing them has been difficult .
It was not his most convincing moment .
An offer of a `` Grand Bargain '' would unite the international community and present Iran with a convincing alternative .
The General did not need convincing .
Whether or not this historical justification for Israel 's creation is convincing , the important fact is that the Palestinian Arabs and their allies do not buy it .
Moreover , there seems no obvious way to speed up the process of convincing the Arabs that Israel is here to stay except by making this war of attrition as costly as possible for them .
A younger Al Qaeda ideologue is more convincing , however .
As long as such a `` one-pillar-approach '' is unavailable , there is no convincing reason why the ECB should change a strategy which has served it well and allowed it to establish a remarkable track record .
Neither of these apparent historical parallels is convincing .
As in previous economic transitions , those who work in the financial industry will try to produce convincing arguments that their business depends on the human touch .
But the opposition Labor Party was not convincing either , and had little in the way of an intellectual alternative .
Both major parties are appealing to the political center , but they will never be as convincing as a political party that really is in the political center , and that is unencumbered by the scandals attached to the past exercise of power .
But they must do so in a way that provides genuine direction , and that Japan 's people , military , and neighbors find convincing .
Without a clear and convincing doctrine , at least some Asian leaders are likely to remain dubious of America 's ability to remain Asia 's dominant military force , particularly given its economic woes , projected fiscal retrenchment , and other overseas commitments .
Unless China demonstrates that it can reach peaceful accommodations in its sovereignty disputes with its neighbors , its claims to a `` peaceful rise '' will appear unconvincing not only in Washington , but in capitals across Asia .
The ECB could convincingly argue that Merkel 's reforms and the US , not its interest-rate hikes , are responsible for the European slowdown , should one occur .
But this angst and hand-wringing simply is not convincing .
The conventional explanation -- a reduced appetite for risk -- is not convincing .
In the midst of the most serious financial crisis in recent memory , the ECB has resorted to an unconvincing bluff , because it has an inflationary expectations problem .
This is clear and convincing evidence of the ECB 's previous policy missteps in the normalization of interest rate process .
Instead , they need to be part of a convincing overall plan that combines responsible state intervention with relief of the financial burdens of individual citizens , as well as savings in public budgets .
Of course , attempts to draw a distinction between hatred of Jews and hatred of Israel were never particularly convincing .
Given that everything that happens is somehow a consequence of decision-making , the distinction between killing someone and letting her die is unconvincing .
After all , an interrogator 's effectiveness depends on convincing the detainee of his omnipotence .
Today , with the EU eager to play a forceful role on the world stage , a move towards a more open system appears to be inevitable . The EU 's interlocutors in Washington , Beijing , and elsewhere already make it plain that national leaders claiming to speak for Europe lack credibility , as do EU leaders who so evidently have no convincing political mandate .
The leadership credentials of other G20 countries , such as Argentina , Indonesia , South Africa , Russia , Saudi Arabia , South Africa , and Turkey , have been less convincing .
These attitudes also largely echo their less convincing economic performance .
The EU is truly `` convincing '' only when it can use the seductive power of a membership card . But Russia is not interested in joining , at least not on Europe 's terms .
By and large , economists and other social scientists have neglected the history of Jews and capitalism , for reasons that are understandable , though unconvincing .
Whether she waited too long -- and whether her vision will prove convincing -- will be determined in the coming months .
The difficulty for Tadic lies in convincing Serbian voters that drawing closer to the EU is infinitely preferable to remaining attached to an outmoded concept of statehood that can only lead to isolation and backwardness .
But it has yet to send convincing and reassuring signals towards Lebanon .
Those who want to influence political leaders must get used to convincing their masters , the people , directly .
A transparent and fair process of arriving at its policy recommendations , based primarily on convincing economic research and data analysis , will be essential .
Twice , Iraq bucked safeguards -- first when it built the Osirak reactor and failed to provide inspectors full transparency and convincing assurance it would not use the plant to produce plutonium for weapons , and , second , when it nearly completed its secret enrichment program prior to the 1991 Persian Gulf War .
These questions , I am afraid , still await a convincing answer .
One of the greatest challenges I faced as the ICTY prosecutor was convincing the Serbian public that the court was not a politically motivated conspiracy against Serbia .
And he succeeded in convincing other European leaders to embrace the `` simplified treaty '' that he called for .
Investment bankers have been losing their cushy jobs because they could not figure out any convincing way to price distressed mortgage debt .
I can think of one very good reason why the euro needs to fall , and six not-so-convincing reasons why it should remain stable or appreciate .
In fact , European assurances that arms sales to China could be controlled and threats to an ally avoided do appear unconvincing .
The rise in consumption based on this wealth in turn raised house prices further , convincing households and lenders to ratchet up the bubble another notch .
We need a breakthrough that is demonstrable , public , clear , and convincing , that can mobilize the public 's hearts and minds , and that can demonstrate success .
In his recent State of the Union address , President Barack Obama painted a convincing picture of modern , twenty-first-century government .
The Islamic and non-Islamic worlds now seem locked in a vicious circle of hatred , one that is convincing many moderates on both sides that the cultural and political divide is too large to bridge .
Of course , Japan did occupy China , committed unimaginable savagery , and has since paid no reparations or apologized in a convincing way .
Its style is almost scientific -- factual , staccato-like , and unemotional -- and it goes a long way toward meeting China 's demand for a convincing investigation and act of contrition that might allow the bitter and still poisonous past to be overcome .
But Claudio Borio and Piti Disayat , economists at the Bank for International Settlements , have argued convincingly that the savings-glut theory fails to explain the unsustainable credit creation in the run-up to the 2008 crisis .
Having tied themselves to Russia 's existing power structures , liberals are now in no position to become convincing critics .
They show convincing evidence for these basic facts . Rich people increasingly populate the most expensive cities .
But , for me , the story is far more convincing than the one told during the 1990 's stock-market boom .
But they do not stand as convincing evidence about what will happen -- after all , two observations are hardly enough to prove the point .
Moreover , the IMF has not succeeded in convincing countries to pursue macroeconomic policies consistent with sustainable current-account positions .
Recent history provides convincing evidence that policies based on a misrepresenting reality backfire .
At the same time , the unfolding financial crisis has convincingly demonstrated the advantages of a common currency .
This step was necessary , but it produced unintended adverse consequences : many other countries , from Eastern Europe to Latin America , Africa , and Southeast Asia , could not offer similarly convincing guarantees .
And they offered an extended aid package to Greece without building a convincing case that the rescue can succeed : they arranged for the participation of bondholders in the Greek rescue package , but the arrangement benefited the banks more than Greece .
But RWT is costly , too , as we have seen , so the aggregate negative effect of the policy response to false positives -LRB- AWF -RRB- would have to be large to be convincing .
Technocrats and financial market players who benefit from this institutional arrangement have done an impressive job of convincing many countries of its virtues , and of the need to treat monetary policy as a technical matter that should be put above politics .
But this argument no longer seems convincing .
The economic policy platform of the center-left coalition seemed neither convincing nor credible for those who wanted less government intervention and lower taxes .
The result was the manufacture of unconvincing political myths , as artificial as the countries they mythologize , which all-too-often can not command genuine patriotic allegiance from their citizenry .
The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development therefore encourages all new EU member states that have not yet started doing so to draft credible and convincing plans for euro-zone admission .
If it can be convincingly shown that a group has been the victim of a past injustice , the group in question obtains a bottomless line of moral credit .
Medvedev made a simple and convincing argument : those who fear transparency are those who have something to hide .
So neither the CDU\/CSU nor their liberal allies , the Free Democrats , offered convincing policy prescriptions for dealing with Germany 's economic problems .
Chancellor Schröder will be confronted by the need finally to address Germany 's real economic problems . The CDU\/CSU and the FDP will be forced to present convincing alternatives to Schröder 's policies .
Whereas advocates of abolishing nuclear weapons wanted his administration to employ a zero-based approach to nuclear planning , with the burden of proof on those seeking to retain nuclear weapons to fulfill essential military functions , the NPR presumes the continuation of current nuclear roles and missions unless convincing arguments exist to end them .
And there was convincing evidence that bloodletting worked : most people recovered from their illness after being treated , just as many students -LRB- though a smaller percentage -RRB- thrive in our traditional lecture-based university science courses and go on to become scientists .
Hamas will have to make a convincing case that Gaza 's near destruction is a price that had to be paid .
Kan undoubtedly hopes that success in convincing trade partners to lift their bans on such products will boost his exceptionally weak domestic political support .
