But Fatah has not accepted defeat , while Hamas is convinced that elements within Fatah agree with Israeli and American plans to topple the Hamas government .
He is convinced that establishing a Palestinian state would serve the interest of all parties , and that the odds favor the Palestinians in international political struggle .
The US and the EU are evidently convinced that Turkey has nowhere else to go .
Similarly , miners bussed by their managers to Kiev were soon being convinced of the ` Orange ' cause by the demonstrators and were quickly sent back East by their minders .
Others who proposed tougher trade rules were not convinced -- and with good reason .
With the current much more open regime in Teheran , Riyadh can also be convinced that the dangers from an Iranian-controlled Shi'a entity in southern Iraq are less formidable now than they were in 1991 .
The Palestinians contest not just the post-1967 occupation of the West Bank ; since the United Nations partition plan of 1947 -- which called for the establishment of two states , one Jewish and one Arab -- Palestinians have refused to recognize Israel 's right to exist , and most Israelis are not convinced that they have totally abandoned that stance .
Opening an impressive new page , Turkey reached out to Armenia ; softened its position on Cyprus ; tried to draw Iran into a positive dialogue with the West ; convinced Syria to settle the two countries ' simmering border dispute ; and , as a crowning achievement , launched peace talks between Syria and Israel under Turkish mediation .
So I am convinced that we should raise the profile of biodiversity in tackling climate change and food insecurity , and that we need more high-level attention to this subject .
They are increasingly convinced that `` victory '' will be elusive in any asymmetric conflict between states , however powerful , and religiously driven armed insurgents .
And some Israeli leaders -- Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman , for example -- are convinced that joining NATO would act as a vital deterrent against Iran .
Absorbed by their booming economy , reassured by President Barack Obama 's recent commitment never to let Israel down , and convinced of their success in defeating Palestinian terrorism in the West Bank and deterring Hamas from venturing into another war , Israelis have lost any sense of urgency concerning the Palestinian problem .
Never truly convinced of the viability of the two-state solution , and encouraged by the failure of the peace process so far , the Israeli right is going back to toying with the most dangerous scenario of all , the bi-national state .
America , eager to bring both Ukraine and Georgia into NATO , felt scant need to consider Russian concerns , convinced that the Kremlin would have no choice but to bow to the inevitable .
US automakers were convinced during the years of Japan-bashing in the 1980 's that Japan was closed and the US was open .
Both the Polish and the Ukrainian experiences have convinced me that the will to live in dignity is the most powerful engine of human action , an engine that is capable of overcoming even the greatest fear .
Outside a fringe of nostalgic chauvinists , however , most Europeans and Japanese are no longer so convinced that modernization is sufficient validation of imperial rule .
It is probably true that many white policemen , even if they are trained to avoid racial profiling , as Sgt. Crowley was , need to be convinced that a black man can be at home in one of the finer houses of Cambridge , or any other American city .
It is possible that many Americans are still so convinced that anyone who works hard will end up rich that they will support anything that favors billionaires .
NEW YORK -- Let us assume , for the sake of argument , that Geert Wilders , the Dutch politician who is convinced that Europe is `` in the final stages of Islamization , '' is right : Anders Breivik , the Norwegian mass murderer , is mad .
No doubt many Afghan women in burqas are equally convinced that covering their faces is a cultural command -- and therefore a natural duty .
Had it not been for the world economic crisis , or if it ends up being short and shallow , many observers , including me , remain convinced that Mexico can continue to muddle through , as it has done since 1996 .
Lula 's attempt , together with Turkey , to broker a deal between Iran and the West failed when the US convinced Russia and China , along with countries such as Mexico , to approve a new round of UN sanctions against Iran .
For it was Bernard-Henry Lévy who convinced French President Nicolas Sarkozy to meet with Libya 's rebel leaders , an encounter that led directly to France taking a leading role in persuading the United Nations Security Council and US President Barack Obama to back military intervention .
One can admire Vargas Llosa for his courage in taking the plunge , without being entirely convinced that it was the right plunge to take .
Indeed , events of the last couple of decades - the AIDS viruses transferring from monkeys to man , followed by their global spread , being just one example - should have convinced us that , where diseases are concerned , the unexpected will happen .
And we remain convinced of the strategic and economic benefits of bringing Turkey into the Union .
We have all been hurt and are convinced that there are people who , having honed their malignant audacity to a sharp point , are now planning to hurt us again .
Having earlier preached the gospel of its `` peaceful rise , '' China is now beginning to take the gloves off , convinced that it has acquired the necessary muscle .
Only a few years ago , antitrust authorities in the US were convinced that IBM was locking up the computer industry for generations to come .
Likewise , other democracies must be convinced ; indeed , action has to be sanctioned by international bodies .
Blair , at least , is pursuing his Iraq policy because he is deeply convinced that he is right .
The Asian financial crisis of 1997-1998 convinced governments and central banks that countries that maintained exchange controls were able to weather the storm better than countries that embraced liberalization .
In particular , Hamilton was convinced of the importance of a sophisticated banking system to support the growing economy .
He also worked for a president who cared deeply about policy as well as politics -- and who was willing to be convinced , at least most of the time , that good policy would turn out in the long run to be good politics .
Others -- especially managers of financial assets -- are becoming increasingly convinced that economists do n't know very much , and that what they do know is of no use to traders like themselves .
But a clear majority of Serbs are already convinced of this .
The EU 's leaders are convinced that achieving the so-called four freedoms -- i.e. , freedom of movement of goods , services , capital , and people -- will optimize the well-being of Europe 's population .
Unless we are convinced of the Dreamliner 's ability to avoid stall speed , it makes no sense to talk about all the ways in which it will enhance the travel experience for millions of people around the world .
To secure regional stability , Russia must be convinced that all countries have the right to choose the international organizations in which they wish to be members .
We are convinced that the way these policies are carried out will only deepen mistrust , heighten polarization , and embed hatred between neighbors who have to learn to live with each other .
Citizens of many urbanized , developed countries have grown nostalgic , increasingly convinced that organic farming , a throwback to nineteenth-century agriculture , produces nutritionally superior food -LRB- it does n't -RRB- and can solve the world 's food problems -LRB- it ca n't -RRB- .
Massu , a convinced Gaullist , should have known better than to say such home truths publicly , whatever his own frustrations .
The Swiss public was so convinced of the benefits of heroin-assisted therapy that , in two nationwide votes , voters endorsed the policy , despite domestic political opposition and criticism from the International Narcotics Control Board .
The ECB is convinced that benign neglect is the right exchange rate policy , and that the G7 is the right place to address currency volatility .
But Iran has been forecast to develop the bomb for 20 years . People remain convinced that next year , or maybe the year after , the prediction will come true .
The truth is that ever since the end of the 1970 's , China has become convinced that peace and stability are the most important preconditions for its development .
But the settlers driven by a nationalist-religious ideology , devoted to the myth of a `` Great Israel '' and convinced that they are fulfilling the biblical dictate of repossessing the sacred land , will oppose evacuation .
Meanwhile , in the United States , the controversy over government spying on its citizens seems to have died down , mostly because people are now convinced that their government will only look at the really bad guys .
I am convinced that Russia 's troubles all come down to politics .
I am convinced that Medvedev must become the leader in the process of formulating the new Russian agenda , and he must act in the coming year .
Those in the Eugenics movement remained hold-outs , convinced that the salvation of the human race would be found in limiting the birth-rate of those they deemed to be genetically `` unfit . ''
The real danger arises when everyone is convinced that investing in real estate is the best way to secure one 's own future because house prices can only go up .
A permanent end to the conflict over Palestine will not be possible until the Palestinian Arabs and their allies become convinced that the failure of colonialism in countries like Algeria and South Africa is not a relevant lesson for them . In other words Arabs will have to become convinced that they can neither subjugate the Jews nor drive the Jews out of Palestine .
Néstor convinced Parliament to allow him to modify the budget .
These sacrifices have convinced many Westerners that the Middle East is not beyond redemption , and that the region 's people should be given a chance to enjoy the same liberty that they do .
Religion has led people to commit a long litany of horrendous crimes , from God 's command to Moses to slaughter the Midianites -- men , women , boys , and non-virginal girls -- through the Crusades , the Inquisition , innumerable conflicts between Sunni and Shiite Muslims , and suicide bombers convinced that martyrdom will lead them to paradise .
We are convinced that the concepts that Liu and his colleagues put down on paper in December 2008 are both universal and timeless .
We are convinced that there are moments when exemplary civic engagement , such as Liu 's , requires an exemplary response .
For Americans -LRB- and others -RRB- who believe that the Arab world thinks about nothing but the Palestinian cause , events this spring in North Africa , the Arabian Peninsula , and even the Levant should have convinced them otherwise .
In deploying soldiers to Afghanistan and Iraq , he was convinced that he was both morally correct and politically right to stand by Britain 's main historic ally , the United States . -LRB- It is reasonably certain that he would not have trusted Brown to do any of these things in the face of any serious opposition , and also reasonably certain that he was correct to think so . -RRB-
I am not convinced by these arguments .
He was convinced that monetary union in Europe was doomed to fail .
But in order to be sure of the reliability of this function , the purchaser must be convinced of the long-term valuation of the object of desire .
Most people are now convinced that this shortcoming is inherent in the financial system .
It is not that politicians were `` bought '' in a simple sense ; rather , they convinced themselves that financial innovation opened the gate to greater general prosperity , increased home ownership , and , of course , popular support in elections .
We become indebted in order to consume because we are convinced that our utility schedule is more important than someone else 's .
These representatives -- with whom I 've interacted at three congressional hearings recently -- are convinced that the US federal government is too big relative to the economy , and that drastic measures are needed to bring it under control .
On the one side were liberals , `` a class of men sanguine in hope , bold in speculation , always pressing forward ... and disposed to give every change credit for being an improvement . '' On the other were conservatives , `` a class of men who cling with fondness to whatever is ancient , and who , even when convinced by overpowering reasons that innovation would be beneficial , consent to it with many misgivings and forebodings . ''
Previously spurned by America in its attempts to use its longstanding contacts in Asia , this assistance appears to have convinced America that Russia can be of real help in its diplomacy with North Korea .
But both men , on finding themselves in positions of authority , ruled from their default positions : Bush as an evangelical convinced that God was on America 's side , and Putin as a KGB graduate convinced that all power comes from intimidation and threats .
I am convinced that no development of a country , no success or ambitions , can be achieved through human grief and losses .
By increasing oil and gas prices , or limiting supplies , flexing its military muscles in Georgia , or sending ships to Cuba and Venezuela to parade Russia 's power on the world stage , Putin has convinced many people that Russia is back .
Then UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan and his team drafted a plan , which Turkey 's government took very significant political risks in supporting . The government convinced the Turkish Cypriots to make a leap of faith and vote in favor of the Annan plan in order to reunite the island .
I am convinced that this is a misguided strategy -- not only because of the uncertainty about the dangers that global warming might pose , but also because of the certainty of the damage that these proposed policies aimed at mitigation will impose .
Prodi , a convinced European , is less likely to favor a weak euro .
They reflect the instincts of Polish voters . People vote for all kinds of parties , from the far right all the way to the left , so long as they are convinced that the parties will deal with their social concerns and grievances .
The number of illegal Jewish settlers in Palestinian areas has doubled , leaving Palestinians increasingly convinced that negotiations are a waste of time .
Not only did Israel 's leaders reject the world community 's requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .
Once Palestinians are convinced that there is an opportunity for genuine peace and independence , they will press Hamas to act on it -- or elect a party that will .
For the underlying conflict to be resolved , Bolivians must become convinced that reform is the right track , the only one , indeed , that leads to progress and authentic development .
The so-called `` Sputnik shock '' convinced America and the West of the need for radical reform of science education , particularly recruitment , training , and retention of teachers .
But , while it is right to believe in the power of education -- indeed , many scholars are convinced that it creates healthier , more prosperous citizens -- such enthusiasm does n't tell us how to get more children to stay in school longer , or how to ensure that they learn useful skills while they are there .
Indeed , urging us to sit in darkness will probably only make us realize how unlikely it is that we will ever be convinced to give up the advantages of fossil fuels .
There are no threats of a coup d'état , and senior generals , such as Bambang , who studied in American military colleges , returned to Indonesia as convinced democrats .
Today , the same industrialists , convinced that India can compete with the best , support Singh 's reforms .
Democracy requires democrats -- citizens convinced of the value of liberty and popular sovereignty and committed to establishing and preserving them .
As a former US military intelligence interrogator , I am convinced that the images from Abu Ghraib are just the beginning .
While awed by American hardware , some PLA brass are convinced that if Saddam Hussein had been a better commander , the battle for Baghdad could have been , to quote Zhang Zhaozhong of the Chinese National Defense University , `` George Bush 's Stalingrad . ''
I am convinced , for example , that over the years there has been too much `` regulatory capture '' by the supply side of the financial services market , with its well-organized and powerful lobbies . By contrast , there has been too little engagement on the demand side .
I am convinced that we need an overall cap on leverage on banks ' balance sheets , regardless of risk asset weightings or value at risk measurements .
Both governments seem convinced that more Franco-German summitry -LRB- now including joint sessions of their cabinets -RRB- will remedy their marital crisis .
There was , however , another , category of people : the `` careful and untainted , '' who absented themselves from the world of politics . They hated communism , but , convinced that the system could not be reformed , they avoided the democratic opposition .
The presidency of Mohammad Khatami , an avowed reformer , who served eight years , beginning in 1997 , convinced the Supreme Leader that his authority would be assured only if the presidency was held by a subservient fundamentalist such as the current president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Chinese elites are convinced that time is working in their favor , and that it is only natural that China should regain its rank amongst the world leading powers , perhaps even emerging on top one day .
Saddam himself fatally overplayed his cards , convinced as he was that America would not dare to attack him .
Today 's Chinese and Indians are now convinced that they are succeeding .
So , because Sarkozy wants to be seen as a convinced European , he must normalize France 's relations with a new Alliance based on two pillars -- European and American .
The silent majority is ready to be convinced that there is life after Bush .
I suspect that European leaders will not respond eagerly . Most are convinced that there is no military solution in Afghanistan and they know that public opinion , especially in time of great economic hardship , has no appetite for such operations .
Yet they are also convinced that Europe has behaved improperly toward Turkey , through a combination of short-term populist reflexes and the absence of a long-term strategic vision .
A majority of Israelis are even more convinced today than they were yesterday that they can count only on themselves and , at the margin , on the Jewish Diaspora .
As long as each remains convinced that no alternative to cooperation exists within the EU , and that European cooperation remains a priority for both , it should not be overly difficult to restore their leadership .
In France half a century ago , as the Cold War loomed , Charles de Gaulle easily convinced the French that they were heroic during World War II because he was heroic .
The country gave me the impression of being so civilized that I was utterly convinced that , in a post-Western world , the West would have a lot to learn from the Scandinavian countries .
Words must be matched by deeds before people are convinced .
With post-invasion inspectors concluding that no WMD stockpiles existed , and intelligence agencies now convinced that the Iraq war 's net effect has been to boost al-Qaeda recruitment throughout the Islamic world , the Bush administration is understandably emphasizing the claim about democratization .
Just before the recent G-20 meeting in Toronto , China announced a formula that would allow modest renminbi appreciation , but some American Congressmen remain unconvinced , and threaten to increase tariffs on Chinese goods .
Some are convinced that a nuclear Iran is the worst of all possible scenarios , worse even than the fall-out from a pre-emptive strike .
With Azerbaijan having spent extravagantly on armaments in recent years it may now have convinced itself that it now holds the upper hand .
Muslims are convinced of the absolute superiority of Islam , which is reflected in the constant invocation and desperate desire to revive past glory , as well as a positive duty to convert followers of other religions .
I am not so convinced .
In another instance a dashing young Afghan , who convinced the program 's administrators that his uncle -LRB- in reality a nonentity -RRB- represented many growers whom he could persuade to stop cultivating poppy , walked away with one hundred thousand dollars worth of aid .
Many people in the candidate countries have long been convinced that their countries wo n't be admitted to the EU as equals .
The Israeli government needs to be convinced that resuming peace talks could lead to more constructive Syrian behavior vis-à-vis Lebanon and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
In order to justify their authoritarian rule and camouflage from the Russian public their massive theft of the country 's resources , the global kleptocrats have already convinced ordinary Russians that they are surrounded by ruthless enemies who are trying to dismember and destroy Russia .
The left favored flows to their natural constituency , while the right welcomed new property owners who could , perhaps , be convinced to switch party allegiance .
Sarkozy is announcing that he is an economic `` regulator , '' not a global liberal convinced that today 's balance of market forces is optimal , and thus that no intervention is needed .
They are less convinced that recent financial innovation has created large gains -LRB- except for the finance industry itself -RRB- , and they doubt that prudential regulation can ever be sufficiently effective .
In Mexico , Chávez 's admirer Andrés Manuel López Obrador would have seized the presidency , possibly for life , had he convinced just a quarter percent more Mexicans voters to support him .
Even the United States had inflation at 4 % last year , though the Federal Reserve is somehow convinced that most people wo n't notice .
In the late 1990 's , the US hedge fund Long-Term Capital Management convinced the world that its partners were masters of the universe .
I , for one , am not convinced .
Many leading Chinese researchers are convinced that that the government will do whatever it takes to keep growth above 8 % .
I hope so , but I would be more convinced by a plan tilted more toward domestic private consumption , health , and education than to one based on the same growth strategy of the past 30 years .
But governments all over the world are always convinced that their expansions can be substantially financed by efficiency gains , and that dream usually proves chimerical .
There is acknowledgement that the US China trade relationship needs to be rebalanced , but little imagination on how to proceed . Deep down , our leaders and policymakers have convinced themselves that for all its flaws , the old system was better than anything we are going to think of , and that simply restoring confidence will fix everything , at least for as long as they remain in office .
Today , most Israelis believe that this step , though justified on strategic grounds in the face of constant attacks by the Lebanese group Hizbollah , convinced Palestinians that violence worked .
But convinced - as are most Israelis - that there is no Palestinian partner ready to negotiate seriously and implement its promises , the prime minister wants to prepare for an extended interim period .
Looking forward , I am convinced that if we have the wisdom , courage , and strength to adjust long-standing strategic arrangements , embrace new partners , and , above all , persevere in the face of adversity and difficulty , we will see a similar victory in this `` long war '' against violence extremism and the other threats that may emerge in an uncertain new century .
Indeed , the vast popular protests that took place during the `` Orange Revolution '' in Ukraine five years ago convinced the Kremlin that they could not allow any spontaneous outburst of public emotions .
But , based on more than a decade of study and debate , I am convinced of the compatibility between Islam and democracy .
Wall Street 's titans , however , had convinced Obama and his team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
But , while the worldwide recession of 1981-2 brought inflation down rapidly , nominal long-term interest rates did not fall immediately , for the world 's markets were still not convinced .
Inequality and Its Discontents Leaders around the world seem to be convinced that inequality and lack of broad participation in economic growth , if allowed to persist , will lead to social discord and even violence .
Right now , we want to lose weight and we are rationally convinced that this is more important than the pleasure we will get from that extra slice of cake .
Russia must be convinced that its resources will be far more valuable if they are opened to international investment , managed transparently , and operated according to the legal and commercial rules of the international trading system .
Remarkable propagandist that he was , de Gaulle convinced the French that the Fourth Republic was a disaster -- a canard that has remained common wisdom ever since .
Bush convinced people that he is good for American security by playing on the fears generated by the 9\/11 attacks .
The question is whether the German public can be convinced of this argument .
The crisis also convinced most of us that non-cooperative outcomes are likely to be distinctly sub-optimal in terms of growth , stability , and sustainability .
Now the IMF has blessed such interventions -- but , as a sop to those who are still not convinced , it suggests that they should be used only as a last resort .
The typical American family knows that it is worse off today than it was four years ago , and appears unconvinced that the tax cuts targeted at upper-income Americans brought the benefits heralded by the Bush administration .
Seemingly dramatic changes in weather patterns -- including the melting of glaciers in Greenland and the thawing of the Siberian permafrost -- have at last convinced most business leaders that the time for action is now .
I also am convinced of the need to find ways to bring into play the resources of countries with large reserves .
French civil servants , convinced that they can spot profit opportunities better than the market , engage in a proactive industrial policy with a variety of tools , including the retention of minority or controlling stakes in a number of large enterprises .
But Putin needs to be convinced to take the lead . His hope for better relations with Japan gives Japan 's leaders leeway to nudge him in this direction .
The recent emergence of a United States-India partnership appears to have convinced China 's rulers that India has become an instrument for the `` containment '' of China .
It helped that India 's founding fathers , from Mahatma Gandhi on , were convinced democrats .
Meles Zenawi , who hosted the summit , has ruled Ethiopia for nearly 20 years and has convinced no one outside his circle of cronies that his country 's elections have been free and fair .
They remain convinced that Russia is a great power , but one that for now must act primarily as a regional one .
At GAIN , we are convinced that there is an urgent need to fight malnutrition if the world wants to achieve the United Nations ' Millennium Development Goals , which commit the world to halving global poverty and hunger by 2015 .
Despite all this , markets remain unconvinced by the eurozone 's shows of solidarity .
Outsiders are increasingly convinced that China is a superpower , and that it needs to show that it can be a responsible one . But China 's rulers only sometimes embrace the designation -- and the Party still sometimes behaves as if it had only a tenuous hold on power .
The French do not care that they have never been able to articulate their vision of a `` third way , '' for they remain deeply convinced that the state has a key role to play in steering markets in order to defend `` higher '' values from the single-minded pursuit of materialism .
It remains to be seen whether Abu Marzouk 's view is merely a tactic intended to encourage the Obama administration to reach out to Hamas , or whether the war convinced Hamas that the two-state solution is the only viable option to settle the conflict with Israel .
The US government does not need to be convinced about that , but the American people -- and ordinary Iraqis -- want to see the troops go home .
So the question arises : how are private bondholders to be convinced to get rid of their Greek bonds at a loss if there is a credible buyer of last resort ?
Sachs knows the freebies to farmers guarantee gains in the short run , but he 's convinced that African villagers , once freed from `` the poverty trap , '' can thrive on their own .
Many people have been convinced that market exchange diminishes our humanity .
