Nothing could be further from the truth .
A proposal in the US Senate to increase development and education aid to Pakistan could help in winning the hearts and minds .
Much of the current trouble can be traced to Afghanistan , whose tragedy could never have remained confined within its designated borders .
But a collaborative India-Pakistan effort to stabilize the country could work wonders .
For these reasons , Syria could well become a potential target for American military adventurism .
Assad compared the situations in Lebanon and Iraq , insisting that Iraq could achieve what Lebanon had already accomplished two decades before , namely the forced withdrawal by American and British troops in the face of steadfast , bloody resistance .
Recently , the 90-year-old Grand Mufti of Syria , Sheik Ahmad Kiftaro , called on Muslims worldwide to carry out `` martyr operations '' against American interests , a call that could not have been made without advance government approval .
It seems that the Syrian regime is painting itself into a dark and dreary corner , a development that could set the stage for a potential showdown with the US in the not-so-distant future .
Some in the Syrian government could be aware of this .
It was more lucrative business than traditional lending : a few bankers could lend enormous sums with little due diligence -- except for the small detail that governments plied with easy credit do sometimes default .
But , while the debt was highly rated , how could anyone objectively assess unsecured and virtually unenforceable obligations ?
Moreover , curtailing governments ' access to international credit -LRB- and , by extension , inducing more fiscal responsibility -RRB- could actually help more enterprising and productive borrowers .
Putin 's Russia is not Yeltsin 's Russia , when the West could simply shunt aside Russian concerns .
Indeed , with the UN and the Western alliance in disarray , the region could fall victim to further Russian policy mischief .
Such a proposal could get some support in Europe and elsewhere as a seemingly appropriate compromise , even if it would destabilize the Balkans once more .
Russia could also react beyond the Balkans , most obviously in the Caucasus , with its breakaway regions , particularly in Georgia .
A declaration of independence by Kosovo will likely bring a similar declaration from Georgia 's breakaway Abkhazia region , which Russia could well recognize .
If Georgia takes military steps to prevent that , Russia 's military would likely react with force , creating a situation that could get out of control .
Ever protective of his position as sole leader of the Palestinian people , Arafat sought to block any means by which a potential rival could challenge him .
And Palestinians accepted Hamas 's view that negotiations based on the Oslo Accords could not achieve Palestinian rights and political ambitions .
Owing to his influence with the Fatah militias , Barghouti 's release could help Abbas and the discredited Fatah leadership , and boost the younger generation of Fatah leaders .
One reason neighboring countries may take part in peace talks is that Egypt and Jordan fear that Hamas could begin actively to support these countries ' own Islamic opposition groups .
Moreover , Egypt , Jordan , and Saudi Arabia -- the three main Sunni Muslim regimes -- are concerned that Gaza could provide a base for their regional non-Arab foe , Shiite Iran .
Residents are afraid that Gaza could become another Iraq , with bombings and mass killings a daily occurrence .
Recent street demonstrations could easily turn into an outbreak of ongoing resistance to Israeli rule .
An outbreak of violence could strengthen Hamas and its military wing , Al-Qassam Brigades , in the West Bank .
This , in turn , could produce a repeat of the scenario that brought Hamas to power in Gaza in June 2007 , when all Fatah authority in the area collapsed after the Israeli withdrawal .
Upping the ante could turn the tables .
Only a major recession could break this cycle ; otherwise , we are headed for an energy crisis .
In many cases , these missiles could eventually threaten Europe 's populations and territories .
We should look for common political approaches , many of which we have already agreed , and could easily endorse again .
Even though the Pentagon itself wanted to close many of them and use the money elsewhere , no measure could be gotten through the Congress , because military bases qualify as `` pork '' - the favors for their constituents that help congressmen get re-elected -- and , according to old and sacred informal rules , no congressman will ever vote against pork in a colleague 's district .
But a plan to close numerous bases passed by an overwhelming majority when the congressional leadership finally agreed to present a single list of bases to be closed ; the list could only be voted up or down , without any possibility of amendments .
The university systems in the US and Continental Europe could n't be more different .
Little could he know how true his fantasy would just three decades later .
Nobody had a clear idea why the Euro plummeted to almost $ 0.80 in its first year and a half of trading , and nobody could predict when it would recover .
Europe simply could not afford the failure of the euro project , so it 's leaders did what was necessary .
But could something like the Maastricht process be used to implement structural reform ?
The recent decision to fine Ryanair , Europe 's main budget airline , for its arrangement with local officials in using Charleroi as its main airport in Belgium , is another example of an unfortunate decision that could undermine the Commission 's reputation .
Once private , Charleroi airport could sign any agreement it wishes , with Ryanair or any other airline .
Why should a Frenchman or Italian in his early sixties work today , when in the 1990 's he could have retired in his mid-fifties with 80 % or more of his last working-age salary ?
Paradoxically , this could be good news for those who think that Europe should start contributing to world growth by expanding domestic demand .
The Court agreed , in principle , that the merger could allow such leveraging to occur , but it found that the Commission did not prove that the merged entity would have an incentive to use this possibility .
We are confident that Monti 's office could answer the Court 's criticisms and that reasonable people can disagree on the subtleties of whether these mergers threaten competition enough to be rejected .
The UN 's weapons inspectorate chief and Iraq have agreed on tentative terms for the conduct of weapons inspections , which in theory could begin as early as two weeks from now .
The dictator could use these arms himself or make them available to terrorist organizations .
NATO air power could have halted the Serbs , but Annan did not ask for NATO intervention .
However , if EU countries start competing for a share of the Chinese market , the Russians could soon be tempted to sell their best arms to the communist regime in Beijing .
Thus , by whenever the Union should decide to lift its ban on weapons exports to China , the EU could help fuel an arms race in East Asia .
It is inconceivable that multilateral negotiations could result in a breakthrough toward a diplomatic solution while North Korea is actively engaged in pursuing its nuclear weapons program .
But the unilateral nature of the announcement , and the abrupt timing of the plan , has incited alarm in South Korea , and perhaps in Japan , that withdrawal could pose serious risks to the vital role that US forces have performed in deterring another war in Korea .
Moreover , it is difficult to imagine what advantages could be offered to Turkey in the framework of a `` Privileged Partnership '' beyond its long-time status as an Associate Member of the EU .
Many Turks share the view that the war could have harsh consequences for their country , both in the short and long run .
Complacency and politics gave the terrorists more protection than silence or camouflage ever could .
As economists and policymakers , we could be content to continue looking only at prices and income and related statistics to explain people 's decisions .
A `` rumka '' is a vodka glass from which exhausted proletarians could revive themselves .
What could be better than to have an ark at hand if one day the political tides turn ?
If found guilty , he could be sentenced to up to five years in prison .
With so few examples of justice clearly dispensed , and overwhelmed by examples of villains so easily forgiven or forgotten , perhaps Filipinos could not bring themselves to demand what they could not imagine .
A decline in oil revenues could be devastating to the fledgling Iraqi government .
Theoretically , international loans could be an alternative , but who would lend to an unstable government , let alone a government whose legitimacy has not been fully established ?
Even if the oil producing countries do not intentionally bring about an oil price collapse , they might accelerate production as much as they could in the short term , while oil still had some value .
Major oil exporters could then seek to use their now less-valuable oil at home as cheap fuel for an expanded heavy industrial sector .
Instead of exporting oil directly , they could export their energy embedded in metals , chemicals , and manufactured products at prices that undercut anything producers in the oil-consuming countries , especially Europe and the US , could match , given their dependence on higher-cost alternative energy sources .
Energy independence thus could destroy entire industries , especially petrochemicals , aluminum , and steel .
Domestic pressure could very well bring down the regime , but international pressure will not .
Investing in futures becomes both a hedge against a weakening dollar and an investment vehicle that could yield substantial profit , particularly in a climate of vanishing excess oil production capacity , increasing demand , declining interest rates , a slumping real estate market , and crisis in the banking industry .
A contingent of roughly 2,500 troops from 22 countries went to the DRC in mid-2003 to support United Nations troops , and provided a rapid reaction force that snuffed out disorder in Kinshasa before it could erupt into full-blown mayhem .
Key military figures ' tacit backing for the Turkish Parliament 's refusal to endorse the March 2003 US-led invasion of Iraq suggests that Turkish nationalism could unite the AKP 's rank-and-file MPs with their otherwise implacable foes in the secular camp .
If the EU were to snub Turkey openly over membership , or if America were to seem too lax on the Kurdish problem in Northern Iraq , a huge swathe of the two camps could well unite .
First , the euro has eliminated the possibility of exchange-rate turbulence and speculative currency attacks that more vulnerable economies could have expected in the current turmoil .
Furthermore , because these countries no longer faced current-account constraints , they could spend beyond their means without any immediate apparent damage to their economies .
Countries and families also pay a huge economic cost , as the lives of millions of people who could otherwise have made productive contributions to their families and communities for many decades are cut short .
This figure could be increased markedly if more emphasis were placed on identifying additional environmental and lifestyle-associated factors that increase cancer risks .
Vaccines against hepatitis B and human papillomaviruses , if made available at affordable prices , could contribute significantly to the prevention of liver and cervical cancers , respectively .
The same is true of dealing with so-called `` rogue States '' : here again , a better combination of US and European strategies could produce a more effective approach , based on a blend of engagement and resolve .
But , as Robert Schuman wrote in his Declaration in 1950 , Europe could not be built all at once .
The list could continue , but we already have reason enough to conclude that getting the best out of the new Treaty will be the best that the EU and its member states can do .
This could lead to a fiscal catastrophe for the government at the very moment when the country is attempting a complicated political transition .
This structure could only have been devised to suck in as many customers as possible with scant regard for long-term consequences .
Another hoped-for benefit was that capital gains could be converted into home equity loans , boosting homeowners ' living standards .
This could change .
Exercising a louder voice in politics at home and abroad could mean reduced uncertainty for Chinese exporters .
Here the G-20 could play a particularly constructive role , especially when it comes to the revival of the Doha Trade Round , the reduction of duties , tariffs and quotas on exports from the least-developed countries , and the gradual elimination of domestic subsidies .
Lastly , the G-20 could also help drive momentum on climate change .
My mother , who then became President , also had an enduring message : the democracy that we had regained at such a high price could be ensured only by a vigorous commitment to making its institutions work .
At the same time , an extended US slowdown could reduce foreign demand from other markets .
The scenario could worsen if there is a breakdown in commodity prices -- one of the most serious threats to Brazil from a global economic slump .
But Brazil 's financial markets are much more sensitive than trade to international disturbances , and monetary flows could decrease in the long term .
Indeed , should the global economy deteriorate further , outward portfolio investment could accelerate , reducing the financing available to Brazilian corporations and eventually affecting their ability to invest .
Global turmoil could derail Brazil 's expansion .
New obstacles for the Brazilian economy could lead to softening domestic growth and the internalization of inflation , bringing the crisis home .
On the other hand , if the state does nothing , the economy 's structure could remain unaltered , leaving Brazil dependent on commodities .
At that previous meeting , a panel of the world 's leading economic thinkers was challenged to answer this question : if an extra $ 50 billion were spent improving the state of the world , how could the money be allocated to achieve the most good possible ?
The Chilean government 's excessive caution -- rooted in fear of instability that could affect the basic rights regained after the dictatorship -- also helped Pinochet evade justice .
Indeed , Chile 's courts could not have garnered the necessary public support to free them from their inertia without the push Garzón provided .
In an extreme scenario , the regime could use chemical weapons , as Saddam Hussein did against the Kurds of Halabja in 1988 , or it could launch an intensive aerial bombardment campaign , as Syria 's Hafez al-Assad 's did in Hama in 1982 .
Libyan civil society is not as developed as its Egyptian and Tunisian counterparts , which further suggests that Qaddafi 's downfall could result in tribal warfare .
Saif cultivated a reputation for being a `` reformer '' : he called for a national-reconciliation process with opposition groups , supposedly liberalized the media , supported charity and development initiatives , and most importantly , became a face that the West could talk to .
Unlike Egypt , however , whoever takes power in Libya will not necessarily inherit poor economic conditions that could threaten their legitimacy and undermine their popularity .
In the case of democratic transitions , a success nearby often helps at home . Either country , or both , could offer Libya successful transition models , erecting an important obstacle to military dictatorship or civil war .
One key idea was to lighten the tax burden on labor . Taking into account the personal-income tax and various social contributions , taxation of labor income in China is too high . To be sure , taxes are needed to finance social spending , but revenue sources other than taxes on labor income could do the job .
China could usefully explore shifting part of the burden from labor toward property , capital gains , and inheritance taxes .
Larger dividends paid to the budget from the highly profitable state-enterprise sector could also provide an alternative source of funds .
Another route to improve consumption could be to offer households greater support . The global crisis has prompted China 's government to push ahead with its social-reform program .
Fixing the housing market could also help spur consumption .
Property or capital-gains taxes could help curb demand for housing as an investment vehicle .
By developing markets for private pensions , commercial health insurance , and annuities , China could complement expanded government provision of social insurance and weaken the incentives that underlie high precautionary saving .
Similarly , broadening the range of available savings instruments could raise household disposable income and increase consumption .
They are presumed to be on the verge of winning an overwhelming majority in the parliamentary elections due on December 7 , yet like Korzhakov and his clique , they could be routed .
But if he holds on to power contrary to the constitution , his popularity could easily collapse , especially as his economic policy has thrived on luck , not reform .
The International Monetary Fund has persistently warned Ukraine that its dollar peg could cause a financial crisis because of over - or undervaluation , and for years has called on Ukraine to free its exchange rate .
That would contain Ukraine 's inflation , as the NBU could restrict the money supply through high interest rates rather than rationing .
In addition , the EU provided financing , whereas the European Central Bank , which could have given swap credits , played no helpful role .
How could people and governments accept these enormous debts and even recommend further fiscal stimulus ?
However rare changes in reserve currencies have been historically , the current situation is no longer tenable ; but a switch could further destabilize the world economy .
If countries in the region embrace the idea , a network of current EU and NATO members could step forward with projects and assistance aimed at promoting a Black Sea identity and community .
If Syria could break free of the negative influences of regional politics , genuine change without continued violence might become possible .
The incitement against Syrian religious minorities promulgated by extremist TV stations , and by people like the Chief Justice of Saudi Arabia 's Supreme Judicial Council , coupled with equally damaging behavior by Iran , if left unchecked , could result in an even worse bloodbath , with Syria 's people drawn into a war of all against all .
Dramatic , rapid change could result in prolonged failure .
Such investments could generate an estimated five million `` green-collar '' jobs , provide a shot in the arm for the construction and engineering industries , and get America back into the equally serious business of combating climate change and achieving energy security .
Spent wisely , however , these stimulus packages could trigger far-reaching and transformational trends , setting the stage for a more sustainable , urgently needed Green Economy for the twenty-first century .
Few could have foreseen how far-reaching that decision would prove to be .
Without the decisions taken 20 years ago , atmospheric levels of ozone-depleting substances would have increased ten-fold by 2050 . This could have led to up to 20 million additional cases of skin cancer and 130 million more cases of eye cataracts , not to speak of damage to human immune systems , wildlife , and agriculture .
Mass introduction of such stoves could deliver multiple green-economy benefits .
When the explorer John Cabot sailed off the coast of Newfoundland more than 500 years ago , vast shoals of cod slowed down his ships ; crews could lower buckets over the side and fill them with fish .
But so , too , could be the organizations that have presided over a breathtaking collapse of so many fisheries and left a once-bountiful marine environment -- and the lives and livelihoods of many fishermen -- damaged and degraded in their wake .
But just as there could be no moral neutrality in the war against Nazism and Fascism , so the coalition the Americans are now trying to build will begin to take as a root assumption that , if the war against terrorism is to be serious , tolerance of terror-supporting regimes can not go on .
Other options , however , do exist and a combination of them could help bring down Saddam without necessarily engaging in outright military action .
The atmosphere could not have been more tranquil : a former royal castle in the rolling hills of the Taunus region near Frankfurt , where statesmen and politicians held an annual meeting dealing with the Middle East .
It could , of course , be different : had Greek Cypriots followed the Palestinian example since 1948 - that is , kept the refugees in camps , segregated them from the non-refugee society , and fed their children a daily militaristic message of hatred , revenge , and terrorism - a completely different atmosphere would permeate the island .
Such an assessment requires acknowledging that the election was far from flawless : Hamas and Islamic Jihad boycotted the poll , and Marwan Barghouti , a fellow Fatah member with Abbas and the one candidate who could seriously have challenged him , was ungently persuaded by the movement 's leadership to withdraw his candidacy in order to present a unified front .
The current violence may escalate further , and could bring down the Hamas government .
How could a small militia , numbering less than a few thousand combatants , survive the onslaught of the Middle East 's most formidable military machine ?
The military was led -- for the first time in its history -- by an Air Force general , Dan Halutz , who believed that everything could be solved by air power , creating a combustible combination of civilian ignorance and military arrogance .
Nor could it conduct credible negotiations with Israel or deliver necessary services to ordinary Palestinians .
Indeed , it could even precipitate some unforeseen Israeli countermeasures .
A stop to settlement activities in Palestinian territories is a reasonable demand , and the Palestinians could naturally insist on it in the negotiations .
Even the most moderate leaders on both sides could not agree on the core issues of the conflict : borders , settlements , Jerusalem , and the fate of 1947-1948 Palestinian refugees and their descendants . Both sides had an immediate stake in reaching an agreement : for Olmert , an agreement might have rescued his position as prime minister , and it would have been a trump card for Abbas in Fatah 's de facto civil war with Hamas .
Like Christian churches , Islam can also change , and Indonesia and Turkey could well be examples for such a possibility .
It could be a bridge between the West and the East , between Islam and modernity , and between Israel and the Arabs .
That arrest could well have ended in a bloodbath that might have destabilized a still insecure democratic government .
However , if there was discrimination , it was not direct , because under Czech law , such a move could be decided only by a school headmaster based on the results of an intelligence test at an educational psychology counseling center , and subject to the approval of the child 's parents or legal guardian .
Moreover , the requirement of parents ' approval for placing children in special schools remains valid , while Roma children who were initially placed in those schools could have returned to mainstream schools later , and thus reintegrated into normal schooling .
While this appears to have been successful , questions remain as to whether the turmoil could have been averted and its impact mitigated .
Building on its research , the IMF could contribute more to the debate on the macroeconomic and financial implications of private equity , hedge funds , and sovereign wealth funds , and develop practical recommendations to enhance their contribution to international financial stability .
Delaying entry into EMU could make sense if a longer wait produced more information .
Indeed , capital-flow volatility could make short work of the flexible exchange rate on offer under ERM II - a 15 % fluctuation band either side of a central parity .
In Slovakia , the reformist leader Mikulá¨ Dzurinda won the 1998 elections after having implemented a tough stabilization program , and he could have continued to govern after the 2006 elections if not for disagreements in his coalition .
Normal and aberrant behaviors for each species could be agreed upon institutionally and a list made available to all investigators .
Both the welfare of research animals and the quality of the science would be markedly improved , leading to data that could be meaningfully applied to our quest for medical knowledge .
If ITER could really solve the planet 's energy problem , ¤ 10 billion would be a negligible investment -- less than the net profit of the oil company TOTAL -LRB- ¤ 13 billion in 2006 -RRB- and equivalent to ten days of waging the war in Iraq .
Even if ITER is successful , and if one solves the tritium and material problems , everything would need to be tested in real size , and only then could a first prototype of an industrial reactor be built .
The architects of European integration - Monnet , Schuman , Adenauer , De Gasperi , and others - understood that these ideals could be achieved only by combining and interweaving the practical interests of Europe 's countries .
Before the Great Leap Forward , townships could barely afford a few full-time cadres .
When the CCP came to power in 1948 , it could claim to embody socialism , Marxism , and the proletariat 's historical mission .
He wished to establish the kind of democratic politics that could support and nurture a healthy market economy .
This could help to avoid a repeat of Iran 's experiences after its 1979 revolution , when contracts for fuel and technology for its planned nuclear power program were not honored .
When Mubarak felt his power was slipping and reached out to his adversaries , he found disorganized opposition parties with little political experience and no support in society . They could not formulate coherent positions and practical demands .
Saudi Arabia , too , can be expected to do everything in its power to prevent the al-Khalifas ' fall . Bahrain is the Kingdom 's most loyal ally in the region , and the Saudis fear that sectarian unrest could spread to the country 's eastern region , where a Shia-minority nurses long-held grievances .
A military impasse could erode their support and even delegitimize them .
Since the council 's legitimacy stems exclusively from Libyan good will and blind faith , rather than from success at the ballot box , this could be devastating .
Indeed , Tibet could soon replace Taiwan as a factor in regional stability and an important issue in international relations .
China could help to lessen growing tensions by recognizing these concerns as reasonable .
The Dalai Lama could cut down on foreign meetings and acknowledge that , despite China 's general emasculation of intellectual and religious life in Tibet , some aspects of Tibetan culture -LRB- like modern art , film and literature -RRB- are relatively healthy .
Western observers could accept the exiles ' assurances that their proposals on autonomy are negotiable and not bottom-line demands , rather than damning them before talks start .
China 's government could improve the situation overnight by sacking the officials responsible for such illegal policies , and by apologizing to Tibetans for having overlooked such abuses for 15 years .
And it could start reassessing its Tibetan policies instead of increasing controls and allegations .
But local officials could not have arranged for Karma to be tried in far-away Xinjiang , let alone persuade the central government to ban the brothers ' innocuous book about their love of nature .
The United Nations ' Food and Agriculture Organization argues that rising food prices could lead to increasing global conflicts .
Global pandemics can spread faster ; a lack of secure and sustainable energy could push us into a worldwide recession ; and climate change , beyond its environmental consequences , could have serious geopolitical and social repercussions .
Global pandemics can spread faster ; a lack of secure and sustainable energy could push us into a world-wide recession ; and climate change , beyond its environmental consequences , could have serious geopolitical and social repercussions .
In the United States , the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act , and new initiatives to monitor the safety of financial products , could alter the architecture of finance .
This option could vastly shorten the list of products that will need to be banned outright .
The proportion of asthma cases that could be attributed to exposure to paracetamol was calculated to be between 22 % and 38 % .
The authors emphasised that causality could not be established from a retrospective study of this design due to the numerous potential biases that may confound the association . For example , it is known that viral respiratory tract infections in infancy such as respiratory syncytial virus -LRB- RSV -RRB- are associated with an increased risk of asthma in later childhood and that paracetamol use for such episodes could have caused confounding in the study .
To address such problems , arrangements that enable a minority of shareholders to veto related party transactions -- arrangements which are not warranted in widely held firms -- could well be valuable .
The divergence between how top executives and their companies ' shareholders fared raises a serious concern that the aggressive risk-taking at Bear Stearns and Lehman -- and other financial firms with similar pay arrangements -- could have been the product of flawed incentives .
Such reform could do a great deal to improve incentives and prevent the type of excessive risk-taking that firms encouraged in the years preceding the financial crisis -- thereby enhancing the value of companies and the wealth of shareholders .
All ratings of financial products raise the same incentive problems and could benefit from reform .
As it is , bank executives expect to share in any gains that might flow to common shareholders , but they are insulated from the consequences that losses , produced by their choices , could impose on preferred shareholders , bondholders , depositors , or the government as a guarantor of deposits .
How could pay arrangements be redesigned to address these problems ?
To the extent that executive compensation is tied to the value of specified securities , such pay could be tied to a broader basket of securities , not only common shares .
Thus , rather than tying executive pay to a specified percentage of the value of the bank 's common shares , compensation could be tied to a specified percentage of the aggregate value of the bank 's common shares , preferred shares , and all the outstanding bonds issued by the bank .
To do so , executive payoffs could be made dependent on changes in the value of the banks ' credit-default swaps , which reflect the probability that the bank will not have sufficient capital to meet its full obligations .
For example , shareholders could direct that the corporation may not spend funds for certain types of political purposes , or that it must follow certain principles in allocating whatever budget is authorized .
The mere existence of shareholder power to adopt such resolutions could well increase insiders ' incentives to target the corporation 's political spending in ways that are consistent with shareholder interests .
Regulators could encourage each bank to sell part of its toxic portfolio and extrapolate the portfolio 's value from the price obtained in such a sale , or they could attempt to estimate the portfolio 's value as well as they can on their own .
As a result , executives were not exposed to the potential negative consequences that large losses could bring about for preferred shareholders , bondholders , and the government as a guarantor of deposits .
In the post-crisis financial order , governments must take on the role of monitoring and regulating pay in financial firms ; otherwise , the perverse incentives that contributed to the current crisis could easily recur .
Suppose that most financial firms could be relied upon by regulators to be run in the interest of their shareholders .
For example , regulatory standards could require equity-based plans to preclude managers from cashing out awarded shares and options during a certain minimum period after vesting .
In such a case , firms could still remain free to choose the number of shares and options awarded to any given manager , as well as to adjust somewhat the length of the post-vesting period during which cashing out would be precluded .
Alternatively , an executive wishing to unload equity could be permitted to sell the shares in the market , but only gradually , according to a pre-specified , automatic plan that would be self-executing -LRB- say , one-sixth of the number of shares the executive seeks to sell on the first trading day of each of the subsequent six months -RRB- .
To improve the link between pay and performance further , and limit executives ' ability to weaken it by using their access to inside information and control over company disclosures , executives could be required to announce their choice of period substantially in advance .
Alternatively , this period could be specified in advance when equity-based compensation is granted .
With such advance disclosure , any inside information that the executive has when making the sale decision could emerge and become incorporated into the stock price before the payoff from the sale is determined .
Several more could do so over the next month if frozen credit markets do not thaw .
If the situation continues until the end of the year , which can not be ruled out , many more countries could experience serious banking crises .
But the Western European bailout packages could make the situation in emerging Europe worse .
But , even more importantly , decades of financial development and broad economic reforms could unravel .
But if the US exercises a brand of statesmanship different from the one that has so far put it on the defensive on almost every front , it could start to eat away at the foundations of that axis .
Perhaps Sadat might have opted to secure the American alliance without making peace with Israel if he had been able to do so . But he could not , and he knew it .
Arguably , only a political `` hawk '' like Begin , a man with a keen sense of the dramatic and a political romantic with a beady eye to the judgment of history , could have responded in such a way to Sadat 's initiative .
But Israel was wrong to believe that Egypt could be a gateway into the Arab world .
As a result , Britain could not serve as a bridge between a doubtful Europe and a belligerent US , as Blair believed , and Britain 's capacity to be a force for good on the world stage was severely damaged .
Hence , he could not accept America 's awkward pro-democracy agenda .
Such a war could be won only by the total destruction of Lebanon by Israel 's air force .
In that case , Syria would likely seize the opportunity to break the deadlock over the Golan Heights through a military move that could develop into a massive war of missiles targeting Israel 's vulnerable home front .
Nevertheless , peace with Syria could be a major building block in a wider Israeli-Arab settlement , and consequently of a more stable Middle East , though it is unrealistic to expect that Syria would automatically sever its special relationship with Iran in exchange for the Golan Heights .
A US-backed Israeli-Syrian peace could transform the strategic environment , potentially drawing other Middle East spoilers into a system of regional cooperation and security .
But Assad managed to emerge from Syria 's forced withdrawal from Lebanon in 2005 to become the broker without whom a Lebanese government could not be created and a president could not be elected .
The war in Georgia could not have happened if America had not mishandled its global hegemony so disastrously .
But the security that this scheme was supposed to produce could never really be achieved ; the centrality of the Arab-Israeli conflict could not be attenuated .
Nor could Israel , with its overwhelming technological advantage , defeat Hezbollah in Lebanon .
The Return of 1948 TEL AVIV -- The forthcoming United Nation 's conference commemorating the 60th anniversary of UNRWA -LRB- The UN Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees -RRB- could not come at a better moment .
This could mark a sea change in the evolution of Palestinian nationalism .
The assassinations -- allegedly by Israel -- of Imad Mughniyah , Hezbollah 's military chief and Iran 's closest ally in the organization , two years ago , and more recently of Mahmoud al-Mahbouh , Hamas 's liaison officer with the Al-Quds force of Iran 's Revolutionary Guards , suggest that an unplanned chain of events could trigger a real war .
If Iran and Syria then decide to back Hezbollah , a direct Israeli-Iranian showdown could follow .
When asked in November 1970 to spell out his views of a possible peace deal with the Palestinians , Dayan 's answer was one that could easily be endorsed by most of the ministers in Binyamin Netanyahu 's government . Dayan said : `` The only peace negotiations are those where we settle the land and we build , and we settle , and from time to time we go to war . ''
True , Hamas has been indicating recently a readiness to contemplate a solution based on the 1967 borders , but it is doubtful that its leaders and members could live with the betrayal of the refugees .
It is not impossible that with Hamas in the picture , an agreement could end the occupation , if not the conflict .
Meanwhile , Iran 's unstoppable rush to develop nuclear weapons could prove to be a monument to the international community 's failure to stem the atomic tide in the region .
But this could not be achieved before Serbia was militarily humbled .
As one of the poorest and neediest countries in the world , for which oil revenues would be the only source of income for years to come , an independent South Sudan could not be expected to rescue the debt-ridden North .
Yet it would be wrong to dwell excessively on current leaders ' weaknesses , for to do so presupposes that with different leaders at the helm , an Israeli-Palestinian agreement could be reached through bilateral negotiations .
But , notwithstanding the damage that the Palestinian strategy is inflicting on Israel 's increasingly fragile international standing , Abbas might be embarking on what could turn out to be a self-defeating diplomatic exercise .
It could then negotiate with the US the wording of the UN resolution in a way that would end up creating a Palestinian state within the 1967 borders , with mutually agreed territorial adjustments .
It should have to accept , however , that no Arab democracy worthy of the name could refuse to open the electoral gates to political Islam .
Netanyahu could not bring himself to admit the sins of occupation , or even to utter a minimal expression of empathy with the Palestinian tragedy of dispossession and dispersion .
But demilitarization , the deployment of international forces , and rigid security arrangements could offer an answer .
The only way Arafat could stop the Intifada and stem the advance of Hamas was through an especially generous peace deal from Israel .
The Israeli-American strategy of driving a wedge between Gaza and the West Bank while shunning negotiations on a peace settlement that could give Abbas the ultimate tool to undermine Hamas is a policy at war with itself .
Bush also came as close as he could to endorsing former President Bill Clinton 's peace plan by affirming that `` the borders of the past , the realities of the present , and agreed changes '' will define his two-state solution .
Israel and Iran , two non-Arab powers in a hostile Arab environment , shared fundamental interests that the Islamic revolution could not change .
Yitzhak Rabin believed that an Israeli-Arab peace could prevent a nuclear Iran , but now his nightmare seems rapidly approaching .
The release of Anwar Ibrahim soon afterwards raised the new premier 's prestige further as a leader who could heal intra-Malay , and intra-Muslim , conflicts .
Perhaps more importantly , the law indirectly consolidates , at least in theory , the concept of a private sphere in Chinese society : a physical and legal area protected from arbitrary state intervention that could potentially serve as a basis for demanding greater political participation .
Host countries could address their needs by adopting a radical solution that would unilaterally impose capital controls and other measures to protect their domestic markets .
Of course , this could very well reverse much of what has been achieved in terms of financial integration .
The best way to protect cross-border banking and financial integration in Europe would be to establish an effective EU-wide regulator and supervisor , or , even better , a global institution that could monitor the home country-host country relationship .
The stakes could not be higher .
Allowing foreign banks ' subsidiaries to become orphaned amid a worsening crisis in home countries would undermine confidence in emerging Europe 's financial systems , which could trigger asset-price declines and precipitous contractions in credit .
The decisions taken and not taken over the following 13 days could have led to nuclear war .
Twenty years ago , they could graduate from high school without ever using a computer .
When the computer encounters the phrase `` killed the bill , '' it would deduce that `` bill '' can only be a proposed law submitted to a legislature , and that `` kill '' could mean only `` stop . ''
Should they cease to support the US , the unique transatlantic partnership could disintegrate .
What this distinct contribution could be is not difficult to define .
The reason for this reversal is obvious : if the US puts the Geneva Convention in doubt , American soldiers , if taken prisoner , could lose their protections .
It could also help the Bush Administration to come up with a more convincing procedure than the one presently envisaged for honoring the President 's vow to bring the perpetrators of September 11
A decisive US effort behind President Bush 's initial call for the immediate withdrawal of Israeli troops from the occupied territories could have worked .
Many of his close advisers , however , seem intent to nudge him into war , and bellicose rhetoric has so pervaded official US statements that failure to attack Iraq could be construed as a failure of presidential leadership .
They were , the chiefs of the three largest members of the EU declared , only advancing proposals ; nothing could be further from their minds than to form a steering group to run the affairs of the enlarged Union , even if henceforth they would meet again at more or less regular intervals .
If the negotiations should fail , the transatlantic cleavage could once again become glaringly wide .
What could revive that habit ?
Perhaps only a miracle : real progress in the Israel-Palestine conflict , which both the US and the Europeans could then claim to have helped bring about .
Common success could make both sides realize that they still have a common cause .
The lesson that Schroeder drew was to insist that Germany could no longer be taken for granted and would demand a role commensurate to its size and weight . Self-assertion became the watchword of German foreign policy .
Otherwise , they could end up without any handle on the Iranian nuclear program , and only one -- useless -- option left , a military strike .
The price-stability mandate has been trumped by concerns about growth . The fear is that tightening monetary policy to bear down on inflation could snuff out the faltering economic recovery .
To the extent that tolerance of above-target inflation also reflects a desire to erode the real value of public and private debts , market interest rates could soar , leaving indebted governments and households in even greater trouble .
All that Samuelson showed was that any exogenous change could harm a trading economy ; he did not argue that an appropriate response to that unfortunate situation was to abandon free trade .
Even if you wanted to curtail financial services , you could still focus on the multitude of non-financial services .
Chairman Mao wanted a hundred flowers to bloom , but only so that he could cut them all off at their roots .
But , since the growth model in vogue at the time laid principal emphasis on capital accumulation , China was widely held to have the advantage , because it could raise its investment rate higher than India , where democracy limited the extent to which the population could be taxed to increase domestic savings .
The East had feared that it could not gain from trade with the West , which had superior infrastructure and human capital ; now , the West had come to fear that it would lose from trade with the East , which had abundant , cheap labor .
In other words , Kipling could yet be proved wrong .
Banks naturally avoided traditional business loans -LRB- which would have to be backed by more capital -RRB- , and instead loaded up on the highest-yielding -- and thus riskiest -- AA or AAA mortgage - backed securities that they could find .
So lower levels of social expenditure could involve only a relatively small increase in inequality and social conflict .
Indeed , tension with Russia could well escalate towards the end of the year , because Ukraine 's foreign-policy orientation is of clear consequence to the Kremlin .
A democratic Ukraine with an open economy and close ties with the European Union could not fail to influence Russia 's future path as well .
Negotiations for an association agreement between Ukraine and the EU , which includes far-reaching provisions for trade and regulatory integration , are well advanced , and could even be concluded this year .
The agreement could become a model for similar agreements with other countries belonging to the EU 's Eastern Partnership .
Such an acknowledgement could be seen as formal recognition of the fact that membership of the EU remains a long-term option for Ukraine .
Indeed , the country could develop into a mini-China , placing massive manufacturing capacity immediately adjacent to the global economy 's largest integrated market .
Determined reform policies could overcome these obstacles ; but , if Ukraine wants to proceed on the EU path , it must understand that the rule of law is a precondition for substantial integration .
Meanwhile , in the short term , low energy lighting and efficient industrial motors may sound obvious , but we are nowhere near using them as extensively as we could .
The communities affected could not be more different from one another , and yet the similarities in the responses are striking .
Of course , governments could try to explain why they pursue deregulation .
Or could it really be true that `` Brussels '' has overstepped its powers , forcing more deregulation than national governments wanted ?
They pledged to implement programs aimed at asset purchases -LRB- to clarify the balance sheets of financial institutions -RRB- , recapitalization -LRB- to make sure that , if solvent , they could operate and continue to lend -RRB- , and guarantees -LRB- to reassure depositors and some investors that their funds were safe -RRB- .
Lessons from previous banking crises around the world could have been learned faster .
This heightened uncertainty could spill over to economic activity in the rest of the European Union through adverse feedback loops between sovereign risk and the banking system .
This prospect literally gives me the shivers . Not only may the future be less radiant , but the adjustments that will be required once reality sets in could set off a nastier recession and a more persistent slowing of the economy than anything predicted today .
When monetary policy could not do much more , the Bush administration took up the charge -- and with relish .
But this sanguine view obscures the loss of competitiveness that real appreciation could provoke .
The Fed 's policy of quantitative easing exacerbates the flow of excess liquidity , which could result in dangerous bubbles in emerging markets .
All of this could be done -LRB- and is being done -RRB- unilaterally .
But uncoordinated action could result in a vicious cycle of retaliation , turning the currency war into a full-blown trade showdown , with serious consequences for all parties involved .
Alternatively , Latin American economies could try to foster policy coordination at the regional level , where economic realities tend to coincide , interdependence is more directly felt , and the cost of spillovers can be internalized more easily .
If so , Latin America could go from being a casualty of war to playing an important role in the peace process .
Unless this trend is reversed , it will be difficult to improve the quality of jobs in the region , which could jeopardize social and political stability .
Future deficits could , in theory , be reduced through higher contributions , but social security contributions are already far too high in Europe , inhibiting job creation and economic growth .
This raises concerns among public opinion that migrants rejected by some countries could flood those that do not impose tighter restrictions .
An entry strategy for young workers based on completing the reforms of employment protection carried out in most OECD countries in the last 20 years could offer them a clear `` tenure track . ''
Governments could promote entry into the permanent labor market in stages by introducing graded employment protection and so avoiding the formation of a long-term dual market .
Neglecting the problem of entry into the labor market could backfire by increasing pressure for more public expenditure just when governments should start reducing the huge public debts accumulated during the recession .
A reform offering a `` tenure track '' imposes no burden on public finances , and could avoid further distortions and highly costly measures later on .
The only justification for such a long list is that every government could claim to have attained at least one target -- a trophy to exhibit at home .
The government of a country hit by a positive shock could attain a target even without having done anything to achieve it .
Other targets could instead be set at the EU level , rewarding those countries that contribute the most to attaining them .
Selective migration policies and talent-friendly environments supported at the European level could significantly improve the net skill migration balance , which is currently negative or zero in all EU countries .
Italy 's position today could have been much worse than it is .
None of the structural reforms essential to improving Italy 's growth potential -- for example , labor-market and unemployment benefit reforms , product market liberalizations , improvements of the education system , reforms of the public administration in the South -- has been carried out , even though Berlusconi could count on solid majorities in both chambers of Parliament .
But some effort to stimulate the economy at the outset of the crisis could have been attempted .
After all , what could matter more to their constituents than happiness ?
There are effective local organizations , such as the Sarhad Rural Support Program -LRB- SRSP -RRB- , with which the US could cooperate immediately in the settled areas to get started .
It is obvious that he could one day become a tremendous ambassador of peace , or for children , working with the United Nations or another international organization .
Her motto , `` My program is yours , '' could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite .
Royal 's lack of program has been her strength , but it could yet be her undoing .
Let us imagine that they could then work hand in hand to host the biggest sporting event in the world .
Even the Communist Party could be said to have basically embraced its tenets .
Such a UN could follow the organizational model of the WTO , for example , or the Council of Europe .
Over the last ten years , the international community has established special or ad hoc tribunals , with international participation in those situations where local institutions could not ensure due process of law or fair trials .
It could also facilitate the process of internationalizing the burden of rebuilding Iraq , which can not be shouldered entirely by the US and its allies .
This month , the European Parliament adopted a resolution on Afghanistan that could pave the way for a new and more open-minded approach to counter-narcotics strategies worldwide .
The 2005 Afghanistan Opium Survey , released last November , estimates that the total value of this opium , once turned into heroin and distributed around the world , could reach more than $ 40 billion .
It would also provide Afghan peasants , who have been growing poppy despite forced eradication of the plant and incentives to change crops , with an option that is regulated by law and that , in time , could have an impact on the heroin trade .
In this sense , the looming prospect of a full-blown Italian debt crisis could prove beneficial by focusing European minds .
The recent congressional elections , which strengthened the opposition , could be a sign of general discontent with Venezuela 's current institutional arrangements -- and with the deterioration of its democracy .
Likewise , the recent recession was officially dated as starting in December , 2007 , but it could equally well have been dated as starting in the summer of 2008 because , in the interim , the economy grew .
Failure will erect a huge obstacle to European economic growth for years to come , and could threaten the survival of the euro itself .
What else could be done ?
Any financial institution that is too big or too interconnected to fail , or could quickly become so , must be closely regulated and monitored for risk and capital adequacy in real time , or be broken up into smaller firms .
Instead , Obama could , for example , have suspended the payroll tax for a year , getting money directly into people 's pockets quickly and decreasing the need for firms to lay off workers .
Any institution that is or could quickly become too big to fail needs to have adequate capital -LRB- rising with size -RRB- , and real-time continuous monitoring of risk , but these measures should be implemented without overbearing micromanagement .
To do that could jeopardize monetary policy independence and heighten the threat of future inflation .
When I chaired the Council of Economic Advisers for President George H.W. Bush , we doubled the budget of the National Science Foundation . Governments , however , risk crowding out private R&D , the returns from which could be fully appropriated by firms , not only through their own use , but by patenting and licensing the technology to other firms .
Governments should fund R&D until it reaches the stage where private firms could appropriate -LRB- the bulk of -RRB- the benefit .
What is happening at the moment could be described as a power struggle over who should be responsible for a service that more and more people wish to be available but where no amount of professional expertise can fully safeguard the right decision .
But a lack of cooperation could result in higher-than-necessary oil and gas prices and perhaps defeat in the battle against climate change .
This way Islam could really become a source of inspiration for the European community of values .
Others consider this wise , as compensating individual tissue donors could block scientific progress and technological development .
The trust agreement could allow the donor group to participate in the governance of the trust and thus have a say in the distribution of any benefits .
Moreover , the model is unwise to the extent that tissue donors could block the development of knowledge and applications .
An economic slowdown in the US and Europe could substantially slow this infusion of cash , because immigrants are often the first to lose their jobs when recession fears take hold .
While Yar ` Adua could use the goodwill that he has built up over the past year to win by an even larger margin , the 90-day election campaign would almost certainly trigger civil unrest , and Nigeria 's leadership would be too busy navigating domestic political rivalries to help stabilize conflicts elsewhere in Africa .
The summit is likely to generate an agreement and positive media coverage , but northern Muslim members of parliament could complicate efforts to implement the deal .
The Nigerian government could use some good news .
Northern Muslims wonder why Soludo , a southern Christian , believes the government should horde excess cash that could be spent to relieve poverty among their constituents .
As a result , the smiling presidents and prime ministers could afford to be more diplomatic than Czech Prime Minister Mirek Topolanek , who , in his role as acting president of the European Union , had warned that Obama 's economic plan would lead others down a `` road to hell . ''
For example , if another product-safety issue involving Chinese imports makes headlines in the US , things could move quickly from disappointment to real anger .
German fiscal policy could soon look very different from the zero-deficit bias that prevailed under the grand coalition that governed from 2005 until 2009 .
After all , a significant change in policy direction within the euro zone 's biggest economy could have a much larger effect on the currency union than developments in Greece .
If Sunnis come to believe that Shia and Kurds intend to treat them as second-class citizens , they will have no stake in the success of Maliki 's government and could again begin to pursue their political interests by other means , provoking another surge of sectarian violence .
We knew that the tinder was dry , but we could never know how or when , exactly , it would combust .
As in the Middle East , each of these upheavals reflected the willingness of many people to risk their lives and livelihoods to topple a corrupt government that could or would not generate opportunity and prosperity for them .
Outside of Libya , where violent stalemate could continue for some time , embattled North African regimes also will muddle through .
As in Iraq , the conflict could provoke large-scale bloodletting .
Northern governors could , for example , offer the southern states a larger share of Nigeria 's oil revenue in exchange for their support for a northern president .
When Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei hinted that Iran could play the oil card , US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice dismissed the idea .
Nothing could be worse for Maliki than explicit authorization for attacks on Shi'a militias , and the near-term survival of his government is crucial if any progress is to be made on the political challenges facing all of Iraq 's factions .
Finally , just as Iran faces no China -- an outside player with considerable domestic influence -- North Korea faces no Israel , a neighbor that believes its security could depend on an act of military pre-emption .
The appeal of targeted sanctions against Iran is obvious : they are meant to help the administration avoid military action , which could create more problems than it solves .
As in North Korea , a nuclear capability constitutes a powerful symbol of the country 's sovereignty and international clout -- and would be the ultimate guarantee that America could never do there what it has done in Iraq .
As prime minister , she could eventually revisit her deal with Musharraf from a position of strength .
But if Musharraf were to refuse to go quietly , the generals could promise him a long list of public corruption charges that he must survive without their protection .
It could also cut exports of electricity to northern Iraq .
There are risks for Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al Maliki as well , because Turkish military strikes on Iraq 's northern provinces could undermine the Kurdish support on which his government increasingly depends .
In principle , we could learn what genes do just by reading their chemical language .
We did have primitive tools to sequence proteins , so we could figure out their chemistry .
All we could do was follow the standard -- and painfully slow -- procedure established by Gregor Mendel , the 19 allele .
For example , Mendel could not say that there was a gene for tallness in a plant species until he discovered dwarf mutants of the same species .
Fortunately , technological progress lets us define genes much faster than Mendel could .
I was interested in the nervous system , and thought it important to study it in a way that it could be summarized in the form of a wiring diagram .
But Belgium could have shown greater understanding for the Netherlands ' position after Dutch voters decisively rejected the proposed European constitution in the mid-2005 referendum .
The coming period could thus be used in both countries to review traditional positions and reflect on how European policy can best serve their common needs .
Accepting this view could have a healthy impact on its behavior in the EU .
But Senegal 's highest court later ruled that Habré could not be tried for crimes allegedly committed in Chad because Senegal did not have a long-arm law like Belgium 's .
Responding to a plea by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan , Senegal 's president Abdoulaye Wade announced that he would hold Habré pending his extradition to a country where he could get a fair trial .
With its accusations about poisonings and conspiracies , Ukraine 's presidential election campaign is a spectacle only the Borgias could love .
But a nuanced Palestinian resolution that moves beyond a zero-sum mindset and embraces legitimate Israeli concerns is possible , and could very well increase the likelihood of a return to constructive negotiations .
Instead , a carefully drafted motion in the form of a non-member state bid in the General Assembly could mark the way forward .
Worse , given the splintering of rebel forces in the South , where an estimated 80 tribes and clans control their own militias , a military response could generate a power vacuum in Sudan and destabilize the nine countries -- many of them fragile or failed states -- on its borders .
This debilitating -- and difficult to diagnose -- illness could thus be introduced to Costa Rica inadvertently by something as simple as an asymptomatic eco-tourist .
As for democracy , while the Congress was certainly a step forward from the past -LRB- when Fatah leader Yasir Arafat could handpick Fatah 's leadership -RRB- , real limits remain .
Still , if Ghuneim takes over as the PA 's and Fatah 's leader , which could happen next year , a breakdown of negotiations with Israel and a new round of fighting would not be surprising .
A successful businessman , he could become an ombudsman and whistle-blower , which would be a real innovation .
For example , with the right investments , tropical countries could significantly reduce emissions from the forestry sector while also creating green jobs .
It was deliberately constructed with no hierarchy , no core , and no central authority , though few at the time could have suspected where , given the numerous breakthroughs of the digital revolution , the Internet 's built-in trend toward decentralized power would lead .
WikiLeaks ' latest release demonstrates that the transformation of power by the `` digital revolution '' could be as far-reaching as that brought about by the fifteenth-century printing revolution .
Writers , journalists , and artists could no longer stand the heavy-handed censorship and supervision .
And only such a new institutional structure could respond to that deep cry for dignity .
After two months of treatment , he could still not sit upright .
The ISI seemed to be keeping its lines of communications open to some Taliban in the hope that they could be used as a reserve force in case of another military confrontation with India or a precipitous American withdrawal from Afghanistan .
Thus , in a long interview with the BBC before launching his new party , Musharraf suggested that Pakistan 's army was the only institution that could save the country from its current woes . `` There is a sense of despondency in Pakistan , and the place that the people go to is the military , '' he said .
This damage could lower annual GDP growth by 1-1 .5 % for several years to come .
It could also happen in Pakistan , which would help to solve other , seemingly intractable problems .
With the Pakistani street now demanding action against the `` murderer '' of two young men in Lahore , it was unlikely that the military would move in any way that could be seen as a response to pressure from the Obama administration .
Moreover , several senior members of President Asif Ali Zardari 's government have concluded that the developments in Tunisia and Egypt could not be replicated in Pakistan .
He could have added that the main opposition party , the Pakistan Muslim League , was content to let him govern until the country went back to the polls sometime in late 2012 or early 2013 .
With Bin Laden 's death , the US could argue that the mission begun almost ten years ago has been accomplished .
Troops could begin to be brought home , in line with the promise made by President Barack Obama when he announced his Afghan strategy at West Point on December 1 , 2009 .
It is extraordinary to even consider that Pakistan 's military high command could have tolerated Bin Laden 's presence , given that he and Ayman al-Zawahiri , his second-in-command , had declared war on Pakistan .
From Pakistan 's point of view , the group of fighters led by Jalaluddin Haqqani , one of the mujahideen leaders who fought to expel the Soviet Union from Afghanistan , could serve that purpose .
There is a chance that , following Bin Laden 's death , the Haqqani group could now be tamed and thus become willing to enter into negotiations with the Afghan government . That would satisfy both the US and Pakistan .
So far , that friend has been America , but the US could well pull out of Pakistan for the fourth time in the countries ' turbulent relationship -- a threat that several influential figures in the US Congress have already made .
The Jalaluddin Haqqani group , which was allowed to base itself in a sanctuary in Pakistan 's North Waziristan tribal agency , was one such ally that Pakistan 's government thought could be used to further its interests in Afghanistan .
But could he possibly be right ? No one , not even Maazel , pretends that one concert by a great Western orchestra can blow a dictatorship away , but authoritarians ' wariness of the subversive power of music dates back to Plato 's Republic .
His blog attracts 160,000 hits daily , and if he could run for prime minister -LRB- he ca n't , because of a criminal record -RRB- , more than half of Italy 's voters , according to a poll last year , would have considered voting for him .
Only communist rulers could force millions of people to buy their complete works , filled with wooden ideas written in turgid prose .
Obama happily combines showmanship and seriousness in a way that could inject new life into the democratic system .
It was the first time since their ruinous wartime defeat that Germans were able to feel proud of themselves . Here was a victory they could celebrate .
Yet I have to admit that I still could not suppress a tiny , keenly felt pleasure when Germany lost to Spain .
For what is happening in Belgium now could end up happening on a continental scale .
Britain and France could have stopped Germany .
Given the many divisions inside the Union , Europeans will probably muddle on , until a serious crisis forces them to act , by which point it could well be too late .
Think of Josephine Baker , who wowed Parisians and Berliners at a time when blacks could not vote -- or even use the same bathrooms as whites -- in many parts of the United States .
Yet such projections could never entirely disguise a nagging anxiety .
Under all the confident-sounding dismissals of US power , there is still some yearning to return to a more reassuring time , when the democratic world could lay its collective head on Uncle Sam 's broad shoulders .
Of course , multiculturalism 's more thoughtful advocates never imagined that a cultural community could or should substitute for a political community .
Even if all of Europe 's Muslims were Islamists -- which is a far cry from reality -- they could not threaten the Continent 's sovereignty and , by the same token , its laws and Enlightenment values .
Fear of Islam and of immigrants could lead to the adoption of non-liberal laws .
But the idea that it could be enforced by the Imperial Japanese Army running amok through China and Southeast Asia was disastrous .
As long as people felt that they were getting richer , demands for more freedom of speech , better protection of human rights , and the right to vote could be postponed .
But if this arrangement collapses , and increasing material prosperity can no longer be taken for granted , many things could happen -- few of them pleasant .
Not only was it forbidden to take pictures there ; one could n't even walk through .
If only they could take place in China .
South Korean students filling the streets of Seoul in 1986 could not have ended the authoritarian military government either .
The students on Tiananmen Square could not have known what was going on inside the closed Communist regime .
There were serious splits , but no one could have known exactly what the end results would be .
By having made such a big issue out of what was in fact a relatively minor event Gates could be accused of trivializing much worse instances of abuse .
Only real aficionados of arcane moves inside the ruling party could be bothered to follow the ups and downs of factional bosses , many of whom were from established political families , and most of whom relied on shady financing .
They hoped that men who managed to accumulate so much personal wealth could do the same for their voters .
And yet , since Koestler was right , these emotions could not simply be crushed . They had to find some outlet , and football provided it .
The football stadium became a kind of reservation where taboos on tribal frenzy and even racial antagonism could be relaxed , but only up to a point : when the taunting of Ajax supporters as rotten Jews degenerated into actual violence , sometimes accompanied by a collective hiss , mimicking escaping gas , the city authorities decided to step in .
Bush is right to claim that people in the Middle East would like to be as prosperous and free as the South Koreans , but his notion that the war in Iraq is simply a continuation of US policies in Asia could not be more mistaken .
Japanese governments could devote their energy to building up the country 's industrial wealth , while the US took care of security , and by extension much of Japan 's foreign policy .
The DPJ threatened to change comfortable old arrangements , whereby the US could more or less tell the Japanese what to do .
This tax-free jamboree of patriotism was ostensibly non-partisan -LRB- otherwise it could not have been tax-free -RRB- .
But , even in the best case , if free elections were to be held , perhaps after interim governments led by such fatherly figures as Mohammed ElBaradei , Islamist parties could still play a major role .
Unfortunately , this type of pressure could not work in China when its people demanded what other Asians had won .
Both the Chinese Communist Party and the People 's Liberation Army could survive without US patronage .
If Kan did n't know , how could anyone else ?
If the most Westernized , most modern , most democratic republic in the Islamic world were to be soured by anti-European resentment , this could not be a good outcome for the West -- or , indeed , for the rest of the world .
So a war against the Taliban and their guest , Osama bin Laden , could be construed as a war for female liberation .
And money , given or withdrawn , as well as Jews refusing to vote for Obama out of pique , could make all the difference in crucial `` swing states '' such as Florida .
If so , standing trial in The Hague would be the best service he could render to his country .
It is hard to imagine many countries where a young African woman could become a famous member of parliament only ten years after seeking asylum .
Could there be a better place to do business , build stadiums and skyscrapers , or sell information technology and media networks than a country without independent trade unions or any form of organized protest that could lower profits ?
The same thing could happen in China , where national pride constantly teeters on the edge of belligerence towards Japan , Taiwan , and ultimately the West .
Aggressive Chinese nationalism could turn lethal , too , if its economy were to falter .
In less feverish times than these , no one could possibly have taken exception to Queen Beatrix 's speech last Christmas , when she pleaded for tolerance and `` respect for minorities . ''
Such designs could be enabled by using circulation control for high lift and employed at cruising altitude for ride quality . The resulting STOL -LRB- short takeoff and landing -RRB- performance could also improve airport productivity .
This belief could not be construed to have any influence on my decisions , unless I also said and believed that homosexuality is also a crime .
Indeed , on the same basis , Adenauer could be -LRB- and was -RRB- considered a national socialist .
The Pope believed that he could either condemn both totalitarian powers or condemn neither of them .
And a condemnation of Nazism could have been misinterpreted as an attack not against Nazism , but against Germany in its life-and-death struggle with Stalin 's Communist regime .
Nobody could imagine that the invention of the atomic bomb would give the US such an extraordinary military advantage that defending Europe would become feasible and acceptable to the American public .
He did not know about all this and could not reasonably have known .
He hoped that Germany could be separated from Nazism , that Nazism could be destroyed without destroying Germany , thus preserving that great nation as a bulwark against the Soviet Union .
The Franco-German couple could no longer claim to speak for the EU as a whole .
Thus , until crisis erupts , and the government defaults on its bonds , the -LRB- excess -RRB- financial costs of government bonds held by pension funds could represent a large portion of the total fiscal deficit and actually help provoke the crisis .
First , the status of senior claimants of pension funds could be made explicit and , to the extent that there is no solvency risk , the above problems could be addressed by creating a pension fund bond that yields a rate of return that is not subject to repudiation risk .
Second , and more radically , pension funds could be barred from investing in domestic government bonds that are not rated , say , A - or higher .
Many feared that the example of the coup in Niger could encourage Nigeria 's military to move at the height of the country 's crisis in executive authority over President Umaru Yar ` Adua 's prolonged absence . In fact , rumors of coup plotting in Nigeria prompted military officers to restrict the movements of soldiers , and may have spurred the political elite to reach the consensus that installed Goodluck Jonathan as acting president .
In this conflict , both sides have raised their bets , and their threats could become a reality .
Skepticism might not be as bracing as freedom , but it 's something we could have used a bit more of in the past few years .
He still heads the PLO , the only Palestinian entity recognized by Israel , and could deal with Israeli leaders under this umbrella , independent of Hamas control .
A less ambitious apostolic assignment , however , could work .
In so doing , it could prove that the decline of religion in Europe is not an inevitable process tightly linked to modernization , but a historical choice Europeans have made .
A modern , religious Poland could force secular Europeans to rethink their assumptions and realize that it is not so much Poland that is out of sync with Europe , but secular Europe that is out of sync with the rest of the world .
In fact , there could well be less water than there is now , owing to pollution and climate change .
The genocide could not therefore be imputed to Serbia , even if the Serbian government was paying salaries to Mladic and his colleagues , as well as providing them with financial and military assistance .
Moreover , according to the ICJ , Serbia violated international law by failing to prevent genocide , because , though it could have thwarted the massacres , it did not , and subsequently did not help the ICTY arrest Mladic -LRB- who , notoriously , is still hiding in Serbia -RRB- .
Even if the government hesitates , ultranationalist groups might push Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica to send in troops : the current UN presence in Kosovo is very thin -LRB- only 40 `` military observers '' and 2,116 policemen -RRB- but the stationing of 15,000 NATO troops could make any armed clash very dangerous .
By means of a binding UN Security Council resolution , Kosovo could be granted full and exclusive authority over its citizens and territory , as well as limited capacity for action on the international scene .
It could be authorized to enter into trade agreements as well as agreements concerning individuals -LRB- for example , admission and circulation of foreigners , or extradition -RRB- , plus the right to seek admission to the UN -LRB- which does not require full sovereignty and independence -RRB- .
Delaying a final solution in this way would provide time to verify Kosovo 's prospects of joining the EU and thus eventually sharing `` sovereign authority '' with other independent states , which could deflate Kosovars ' dangerously robust nationalistic demands .
The Wolf that Ate Georgia FLORENCE -- In Phaedrus 's well-known fable of the wolf and the lamb , the wolf easily could have eaten the lamb without a word , but prefers to set out his `` reasons . ''
Because Georgia is a party to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court , it could have requested the ICC Prosecutor to investigate Russia 's allegations of war crimes and genocide as well as its own allegations of Russian crimes .
In recent years , aside from Berlusconi himself , other divorcés like Centrist Catholic Party Leader Pier Ferdinando Casini and Parliament Speaker Gianfranco Fini could easily deliver passionate speeches in the morning on the importance of the traditional family unit and the sacredness of marriage , attend a touching audience with the Pope in the afternoon , and then rush off in the evening to their unmarried partners and mothers of their latest offspring .
A downfall plotted to happen on a Kremlin-supplied bed would be a denouement that not even one of Berlusconi 's TV channels could dream up .
It could have either avoided a monumental mistake , as Iraq has now proved to be , or it could have brought the United Nations on board from the outset , ensuring that military action , and the subsequent occupation and reconstruction of the country , would have broad multilateral support .
At worst , the Bush administration could have acted alone , but with sufficient force , skill , and diligence - and with the appropriate and imperative respect for human rights and international law - to get the job done quickly .
Fox and his team thought that the mechanisms that worked during the authoritarian period could simply be transferred to the democratic era and function smoothly .
Stop building fences -- even if they do make good neighbors &#45; &#45; and cease the harassment of undocumented people in the US . It 's hateful , needless , and futile : as Bush said himself , the US will never , could never , and should never deport twelve million people , illegal or not .
Uribe 's political demise would hurt everyone , but the rejection of the FTA on human rights grounds could set a healthy precedent .
Uribe 's political demise would hurt everyone , but the rejection of the FTA on human rights grounds could set a healthy precedent .
But doing so could cost Democrats dearly in old industrial states like Pennsylvania , Ohio , and Michigan , where the arrival of Mexican migrants , transformed into immigrants , has stoked passions .
After all , the 1992 Chapultepec Peace Agreements , which ended the Salvadoran civil war , were signed more than two years after it became obvious that neither side could win .
Whatever John Kerry does about Latin America if he is elected President of the United States in November , the election could initiate a sea-change in US-Latin American relations - even or perhaps mainly if George W. Bush is reelected .
First , and perhaps least self-evident , is energy . Countries like Mexico , Venezuela , and Colombia supply up to 40 % of US oil imports , and could easily replace unstable suppliers in the Middle East .
In this respect , the US could learn from the European Union .
That decision demonstrated , for the first time , that there was an institution that could investigate and prosecute the most serious international crimes regardless of where they occur .
So he could n't defend himself .
Everyone could claim victory , and no one was obliged to acknowledge defeat .
They could have easily let the OAS assembly go by , giving the new American president more time to prepare his Congress and public opinion for a delicate balancing act .
The ALBA group pushed hard for a vote , or a compromise on its terms , which it could then flaunt to the world and to domestic public opinion .
Unfortunately , the only two countries that could play a role in reforming the inter-American system and defusing the growing tensions between Colombia and Venezuela will , for different reasons , remain passive .
Any number of rising tempests could end it .
A coup was a coup , could not be accepted , and , however provocative Zelaya had been , the only possible US position was his unconditional return to power .
Vargas Llosa argued -- eloquently and elegantly -- that he could not vote for the daughter of a corrupt and repressive former president currently serving a 25-year prison sentence for human rights violations .
But nor could he abstain or call for others to do so , since this would not only favor Keiko , but would also be a de facto abdication of the intellectuel engagé 's responsibility .
Indeed , little would change on the ground even with full Palestinian statehood if Israel and the US do not accept it -- and Mexico and Chile could lose much in distancing themselves from an ally on a question of great importance to it .
In recent weeks , many observers of the Latin American military situation have detected what could be the beginning of a new arms race in the region .
If so , is there any conceivable way it could help address the hemisphere 's economic and social dilemmas ?
Indeed , it could be the cornerstone of a new program for the next Secretary General of the Organization of American States , who is to be elected in the coming weeks .
Only a naive belief in the left 's intrinsic honesty could lead anyone to think that a totally dysfunctional institutional framework -- in Brazil , in Argentina , in Mexico -- and a history of what Octavio Paz called a patrimonial culture of the state would not generate the same consequences on the left that it did on the right and center .
If voters continue to lean toward Lewites and Montealegre , the two candidates could elect more deputies to the National Assembly than the Sandinistas and the PLC combined .
But this could be changing .
The anti-secession law 's vague language and attempt at softened wording -- perhaps geared toward mollifying foreign critics -- paradoxically increases rather than decreases the likelihood that China and the United States could be unwittingly and unwillingly drawn into an avoidable military conflict .
Since then , we struggle with the shock that something so large could have happened - could have taken so much from us - without our having anticipated any of it .
Yet Ahmedinejad , referring to Europe 's response to the Holocaust , asks her to imagine `` what standing some European countries could have had and what global role they could have played , if it had not been for this 60-year-old imposition . ''
In this context , to deny the Holocaust is to reject its modern association with evil , and implies that what happened during the Holocaust could be accommodated under a different moral order .
In the run up to the election , many Indians could not believe that an African-American would ever be chosen to reside in the White House .
One misstep by the new Obama administration could result in a deep freeze of the Indo-US relationship for years .
That fidelity to the truth could now kill them .
In another article , he wrote that no one could make him feel like a criminal : `` I am merely a man who writes ; one who writes in the country where I was born . ''
But this could change as dollars become hard to resist and Cubans use them to cut through ridiculous bureaucratic hurdles .
According to Santa Deverajan , the director of the World Bank 's World Development Report 2004 , some studies showed that the program could have reduced poverty by as much as 64 % .
With family in Spain , he could immigrate , but he does n't consider that option seriously .
For example , fighting the Congress 's proposed nationwide ban on driver 's licenses for undocumented immigrants could be a high priority while negotiating new trade agreements with the US .
A second scenario is that the US remains Asia 's principal security anchor , with or without a third possibility : the emergence of a constellation of Asian states with common interests working together to ensure that Asia is not unipolar . Finally , Asia could come to be characterized by several resurgent powers , including Japan , India , Vietnam , Indonesia , and a reunified Korea .
If leadership could be built on brute force , schoolyard bullies would be class presidents .
Yet he spent all of last year assiduously courting the government in Beijing in the hope that he could make China a global partner on issues ranging from climate change to trade and financial regulation .
Yet , as if the forces of terror could be neatly boxed in , the US has scaled back its objective to contain terrorism regionally -- a strategy that promises to keep the Af-Pak problem a festering threat to global security .
Had Dorje remained in Tibet , he could have lost out to his rival , because the 280-year-old Rumtek monastery , the Kagyu school 's holiest institution , is where the sect 's all-powerful `` black hat , '' the symbolic crown of the Karmapa -- believed to be woven from the hair of female deities -- is located .
And the ongoing Karmapa saga , with its shadowy politics and intrigue , could turn out to be only the opening act -- a foretaste of what may come when two dueling Dalai Lamas emerge after the incumbent passes from the scene .
When the Indian Ocean tsunami struck , the Madras reactor 's core could be kept in safe shutdown condition because the electrical systems had been ingeniously installed on higher ground than the plant itself .
The current political upheaval in the Arab world could transform the Middle East and North Africa in the same way that the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 fundamentally changed Europe .
Indeed , with the CIA conducting covert operations inside Libya and aiding the rebels there , the danger is that the West could be creating another jihadist haven .
Indeed , the Obama administration has signaled its intent to abandon elements in its ties with India that could rile China , including a joint military exercise in Arunachal and any further joint naval maneuvers involving Japan or other parties , like Australia .
But , as the US-China relationship deepens in the coming years , the strains in some of America 's existing partnerships could become pronounced .
When Rajapaksa decided last November to call an early election to help cash in on his war-hero status with the Sinhalese , he had a surprise waiting for him : anticipating the move , Fonseka submitted his resignation so that he could stand against the incumbent as the common opposition candidate .
China , fearing that the law could be used to move Taiwan towards independence , reacted strongly even before the referendum bill was approved by the Legislative Yuan , Taiwan 's parliament .
This could have led to new insights into preventing and treating peptic ulcers , but studies could not be continued : both species of Rheobatrachus are now extinct .
The road to HDR geothermal energy has been long and expensive , but , like all developing technologies , the basic research and development had to be done before commercial development could follow .
Several more countries have laws that set the minimum work age between 12 and 16 , but the ILO cautions that few countries `` have what could be considered a comprehensive prohibition of dangerous work for young children , '' and that even fewer have `` measures to protect young persons from moral degradation . ''
By contrast , the threats posed by divided government could be greater than mere parliamentary rumbles .
Cohabitation could very soon become a problem even in the quasi-democracy of Hong Kong , if voters there on September 12 elect a legislature hostile to Tung Chee-hwa , the territory 's Beijing-anointed chief executive , later this month .
Yet India 's textile industry could not compete against Britain 's , even though British wages were five times higher .
Incentives alone could not produce growth .
Animal research and some human studies suggest that full control of artificial limbs in real time could further offer the paralyzed an opportunity to grasp or even to stand and walk on brain-controlled , artificial legs , albeit likely through invasive means , with electrodes implanted directly in the brain .
This could be seen to challenge our notions of personhood and moral agency .
Invariably , predictions will sometimes fail , which could lead to dangerous , or at least embarrassing , situations .
As part of the effort to support negotiations over the post-referendum issues that could lead to renewed North-South war , the United States has presented a range of incentives for the parties to choose peace and has committed to imposing serious measures should they choose violence .
Commitments regarding increased debt relief , further normalization of relations , and additional aid and investment are possible incentives that European states could put on the table , particularly in the hard push before January 9 .
Thanks to `` reinforced cooperation , '' recalcitrant states will no longer hinder those seeking to make progress , and could even resort to an `` opt-out '' process and `` liberate '' themselves from the EU , perhaps by means of a referendum .
Vietnam differed from Korea and Malaya , where containment and counterinsurgency prevailed , because the communists could outflank allied forces in South Vietnam by using `` neutral '' territory in Cambodia and Laos .
What , they asked , could Russia possibly fear from `` yellow monkeys '' ?
Palin 's nomination , however , could have an unintended consequence on the gender views of social conservatives .
In the last hundred years , contests of nationalism -LRB- with God on both sides -RRB- nearly annihilated Europe , and the Cold War could have done so .
The man who once said that he could `` well imagine world culture without Jews '' now claimed to realize how quintessential the Jews are for world culture .
Yet , there is a hitch : Romania is due to join the EU in 2007 , and with the PRM in the government but branded as an extremist , anti-Semitic party , the integration process could be derailed .
BUCHAREST : Perhaps only our greatest playwright , Eugene Ionesco , could have gotten this story right .
Awaiting that restructuring , financial institutions could not perform as usual , which impeded financial intermediation and called into question plans , relations , and contracts -- such as corporate and residential investment or refinancing .
If the government could identify how the economy needed to be restructured and provide incentives to move resources more quickly in that direction , a properly designed program could alleviate and shorten the recession .
But , if the government could do that , central planning would be a good deal simpler .
To the extent that it is used to prop up declining industries , the stimulus could even prove harmful by delaying necessary adjustments .
Thus , it is possible that increased government spending -- say , to boost car purchases -- could exacerbate the misalignment .
If the government could help break this logjam , in a fashion similar to the manner in which courts expedite corporate bankruptcy , the benefits could be large .
A third are damaged beyond repair , another third are hopelessly unprofitable , and the rest are a mismanaged assortment of plants , a few of which could potentially produce something of value , but only with proper management and incentives .
Instead of focusing on a large jobs program , the US could do more to bring peace to Iraq by reducing the money from Iraqi government coffers and smuggling activities that funds the payrolls of the insurgents and militias .
But a targeted assistance designed to improve the operations of Iraq 's police and government could help reduce violence .
The Anthropocene Period could be said to have started in the latter part of the eighteenth century , when analyses of air trapped in polar ice showed the beginning of growing global concentrations of CO2 and methane .
Things could have become much worse : the ozone-destroying properties of halogens have been studied since the mid-1970 's .
People in those countries had the sense that they could understand their neighbors and fellow citizens , and that they shared a close link with them .
Yet badgering or jailing journalists is no way to resolve what could be handled through a voluntary media council or independent ombudsman .
Cutting off aid could have calamitous humanitarian consequences for the nation 's 80 million people .
It could also destabilize a fragile region , sparking fresh wars with neighboring Somalia and Eritrea .
Those who could not lift their eyes from the horrors of the past made less progress .
While gloomier economists like Mancur Olson surmised that only revolution or war could dissolve the rigidities of the status quo , Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher remembered Friedman 's worldview , along with that of Hayek and others .
Squaring the circle of justice and growth was a necessary idea but not one that could ever inspire widespread enthusiasm and popular support .
More particularly , there was no evidence for the prime minister 's claim that the Iraqi dictator could have launched `` WMD 's '' , as weapons of mass destruction are now called , `` within 45 minutes '' .
It could even be argued that the `` juridification '' of the political process itself has gone too far .
It could be argued that the greater the power of the judiciary is in a country , the slower the pace of reform becomes .
Other European leaders could be added to the list , not least Prime Minister Berlusconi of Italy .
It could be argued that the Iraq war was too short , certainly too short for Iraqis to feel , as we Germans did , that the occupation was inevitable and bound to last for a long time .
Those who could left the Soviet zone and settled in the West ; those who could not faced the sullen existence of subjects rather than citizens .
Western Germany 's occupation forces not only set an example of how this vision could be achieved , but found the right people and the right institutions to bring about reconstruction and progress .
If an electric fence was built around the West Bank territory , he continued , two problems could be solved at once .
When they lived apart in their own `` ghettos '' , their children were taken by bus to schools of the other groups so that what is nowadays called multi-culturalism could be practiced .
Its core was the belief that the state could provide both stable economic growth and social welfare to cushion the negative side effects of free markets .
The real question is whether democracy could really have done the trick , and then , whether missiles and tanks are the right method to bring democracy to a country that has suffered dictatorial rule for a long period of time .
One was that Germany should be flattened and reduced to a pre-industrial society from which no effective aggression could ever emerge again .
Lasting peace in the Middle East could lead to greater prosperity and cooperation in the world .
One may also wonder whether this president could lead them in another direction , to traditional Republican isolationism .
Early hints at the reaction could be heard in the American presidential election campaign , with the frequent protests against outsourcing and China 's pegged exchange rate .
There was little he could do in Kosovo or the Congo .
The years of John Paul II 's papacy have not actually been a time in which `` soft power '' could achieve a great deal anywhere , so that Stalin 's famous question , `` How many divisions has the Pope ? , '' remained topical .
Democracy was not just preached but practiced , and it could build on German traditions .
But as soon as we move to wider issues of foreign and defense policy , Xavier Solana , the High Representative of the EU Council of Ministers , may be at the telephone number that Henry Kissinger famously could never find in Brussels when he wanted to `` speak to Europe '' in his day , but Solana is hardly in a position to speak for `` Europe '' in important matters today .
But others in Europe treat such attitudes like a cartoon whose caption could be in French or German : `` Self-reliance is absolutely important , we depend on politics for it '' .
The popular vote for this party -- which could be 10 % -- may well determine what kind of coalition is formed after the election .
Those who had the chance migrated , first to their homeland 's centers of economic progress , then abroad , to countries and places where the new world could be found immediately .
One remembers Hitler , who , while his own party did not quite get 50 % of the vote , could base his `` seizure of power '' on a parliamentary majority .
Who could say to Hamas that unless they accept certain rules , their election is not valid ?
How could this happen ?
Gone are the times in the older democracies when one could count on two major parties -- one social democratic , the other more to the right of center -- dominating the political scene .
What a poor world it would be if anything that might offend any group could no longer be said !
In Westminster , every parliamentary sitting begins with Christian prayers presided over by Speakers who could be Christians or Jews or non-believers .
Moreover , by winning 38.5 % of a turnout of 80 % , Schröder could claim the support of one-third of the electorate , whereas Blair was elected by a mere quarter -LRB- 40 % of a turnout of 60 % -RRB- .
They could form coalitions with anyone , not least with each other , whatever their traditional political affiliations may be .
In the United Kingdom , where this did not happen in the 1970s and 1980s , every university place could have been filled with a Continental European trying to escape declining institutions at home .
This thought paved the way for the concept of a `` genetic program , '' akin to a computer program -- a metaphor that became almost self-evident when the structure of DNA was discovered , because DNA could be visualized as a linear string of symbols , which is exactly what computers read as a program .
And when it became possible to manipulate DNA in vitro , the metaphor of a `` genetic program '' appeared even more precise : scientists could construct experiments that corresponded to the reprogramming of cells merely by working on symbols in silicon .
Turing proposed that all computations and logical operations could be performed by a simple machine , which he called the Universal Turing Machine , reading and modifying a linear sequence of symbols .
So the data could be split into two types : a program that embedded the `` meaning '' of the logical sequence recognized by the machine , and the pure data that provided the context for the program to run .
Traditional Socialist nostrums -- nationalization , price controls , government direction -- had failed in the past , could not be expected to work in the future , and thus held no credibility with voters .
So long as left-wing parties seemed suspect , implausible or even semi-revolutionary , center-right parties could conceal their internal contradictions .
They could no longer claim their traditional role as the party of reliable economic management because , during its four years in power , New Labor delivered an impressive record of economic competence and stability , with high growth and low inflation .
At home , his main policy proposal was for large tax cuts , with the clear implication that this could lead to cuts in public services .
President Clinton presided over eight years of successful fiscal management and prosperity , so George W. Bush could not claim this middle ground .
The difference is that George W. Bush won the presidency by a whisker , whereas William Hague could not avoid defeat .
Even if they were , collectively , to match America 's defense spending , they could not match US defense capability unless they combined their defense spending in a single budget .
If the socialists can pull themselves together behind a new leader , President Chirac , despite re-election , could once again face a left-wing majority in parliament .
The only scenario in which there could be a strong , purely economic case for Euro membership is one in which the Euro-zone is doing very well , the British economy is doing very badly , and membership looks like the best way to deliver long-term recovery .
The Swedes have always been half-hearted about the political aspects of EU membership . But they could hardly be expected to vote for Euro membership on purely economic grounds at a time when the Swedish economy was doing better than the Euro economy .
Instead , the summit 's breakdown may be an advance warning that this enlargement could prove to be so disruptive as to lead , not to a benign transformation of the EU , but to its radical dislocation .
Over the years , they continued to believe , logically if paradoxically , that the small countries could best safeguard their interests by submitting to the logic of majority voting .
But Blair , beset by controversy over the unpopular and possibly illegal war in Iraq , thought he could avoid trouble at Westminster by postponing ratification until 2006 -LRB- that is , a comfortably long time in the future -RRB- , and proposing that it be carried out by popular referendum .
Rather than admit any such thing , Chirac hurried to meet German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder , so that they could jointly reaffirm their traditional alliance as the spiritual leaders of this European project , in the hope that the Constitutional Treaty might yet be rescued .
One consequence , from a British perspective , is that it is now virtually impossible to imagine that any future prime minister could engage in another big military adventure primarily out of loyalty to an American president .
It is uncertain whether Tony Blair could have dissuaded George Bush from waging war in Iraq .
Goldman Sachs could learn a lot from their tactics !
We now know that some of these market emperors had no clothes , and that their activities , far from benign , could result in severe financial instability and generate serious losses for taxpayers , not to mention precipitating a global recession .
The scale of these costs is unknown , but the share prices of the banks that could be affected -LRB- Barclays and Royal Bank of Scotland in particular -RRB- rose when the report was published , suggesting that they are not as high as had been feared .
In sharp contrast , the Institute of International Finance , the leading trade association for the world 's top banks , believes that the impact of higher capital requirements could be far stronger .
The IIF believes that GDP could be fully 5 % lower after five years , with unemployment more than 7 % higher .
Like many other people , I tend to believe that anyone paid more than me is prima facie over-rewarded , but I know this is not the most rigorous test I could apply .
But , unfortunately , if this loss of trust persists , it could be costly for us all .
Continuing disputes in Congress about the precise details of reform could , therefore , have an economic cost if a perception that the system will not be overhauled gains ground .
In the US , the key driver of the biggest institutions ' decision-making is the Fed 's stress tests , which essentially assumed that everything that could go wrong would go wrong .
But Weber 's dissent opens up the possibility that small countries could vote down the center and the large members .
It is theoretically possible that the six Executive Board members plus France , Germany , and Italy , representing 65 % percent of the eurozone 's GDP , could be outvoted by a coalition of small countries .
That could matter a lot in relation to interest-rate decisions .
It could also be relevant to purchases of debt from distressed member states .
Especially in nervous markets , which we certainly have today , any perception that the ECB 's decisions might not take into account the interests of the whole eurozone , or could commit the major countries to significant losses , could itself be destabilizing .
In modern mathematical economics , many people in the rich world decided that we had finally devised a set of scientific tools that could really predict human behavior .
And , since almost every observation that economists make turns out in a way that was n't predicted , no unexpected observation could ever actually change an economic paradigm .
What really produced the change in economics that led to disaster was the simple fact that you could now get away with saying certain kinds of things in public .
The formation of large bubbles in recent decades was partly a consequence of the commonness and incorrigibility of the belief that no such thing could ever happen .
Despite this , over the course of the last 20 years , economists began to act as if we thought we could genuinely predict the economic future .
It is not clear how we could know that markets were failing whenever they fell significantly , but believed that we had no business second-guessing them when they climbed .
Nor is it clear how we all knew that LTCM 's failure or the post-September 11 malaise posed grave risks to the system , but could seriously doubt that the dot-com craze was a bubble .
Moral hazard , we thought , could safely be ignored , because it is `` moral , '' which , as every true scientist knows , just means `` imaginary . ''
We could easily be `` stimulating '' and `` rescuing '' the economy for a rather long time , in ways that only delay the needed adjustment , before we are finally forced to allow the required creative destruction to occur .
If we could acknowledge that , we would n't be joking about it .
And only such a study could tell us whether it is these healthy behaviors that explain the link between intelligence and death .
NATO and the SCO could work together on neutralizing anti-personnel mines in Afghanistan , as well as other possible types of confidence-building measures , such as joint police training and counter-narcotics operations .
The zones could combine integrated rural development for domestic consumption and labor-intensive manufacturing and agro-businesses for export .
The commercial exploitation of rich oil and gas reserves in the Timor Gap could have facilitated reconstruction and created jobs for the 30 % of the labor force that is unemployed .
Rather than improving services and living conditions in areas where it could have helped consolidate peace , the government , at America 's behest , will allocate hundreds of millions of dollars to pay investment banks , accounting firms , and legal advisors who assist with that refinancing .
What is lacking are effective government policies to attract high-quality FDI , particularly for exports , which could have a multiplier effect domestically , creating both direct and indirect employment .
World leaders should recognize that a larger investment in reconstruction , together with a comprehensive and well-balanced strategy to ensure accountability and appropriate policies for lawful employment , could have prevented these vast military expenditures , both in Iraq since 2006 and in Afghanistan since the Taliban government was ousted in 2001 .
Japanese were told to socialize the losses their banking system incurred when Japan 's bubble burst , then re-privatize those parts of it that could still succeed as going concerns and liquidate the rest .
Within those constraints , American managers were supposed to exercise considerably more discretion than their foreign counterparts , so that they could use their business judgment without being shackled and second-guessed .
No surprise , then , that bosses who could n't legitimately show the market strong profits cooked the books , often with the help of their supposedly independent accountants .
First , the advent of global communications meant that ideas invented or found or applied in one part of the world could be quickly made known to and adapted in other parts of the world , rather than waiting decades or centuries to percolate across the oceans .
Second , the coming of global transportation meant that any good idea could be put into practice to produce enormous profits as it was leveraged across the entire globe .
On all of these policies -- anti-recession , banking , fiscal , environmental , anti-discrimination , rule of law , healthcare -- you could close your eyes and convince yourself that , at least as far as the substance is concerned , Obama is in fact a moderate Republican named George H.W. Bush , Mitt Romney , John McCain , or Colin Powell .
But most of the recent shift has come not from an increase in demand for safe , liquid , high-quality financial assets , but from a decrease in supply : six months ago , bonds issued by the governments of southern Europe were regarded as among the high-quality assets in the world economy that one could safely and securely hold ; now they are not .
When people who in other circumstances could be happy , healthy , and productive members of the workforce lack the skills , confidence , social networks , and experience needed to find work worth paying for , we obviously have a problem .
This would produce structural unemployment to the extent that the ex-construction workers could not do things in manufacturing that would make it worthwhile for manufacturing firms to hire them .
To be sure , back in the 1970 's , confidence in the credit of the British government collapsed , forcing it to borrow from the IMF so that spending could be cut and taxes raised gradually rather than abruptly .
Where they did , they and their representatives had no good way to think about how they could benefit from stimulative government policies to moderate economic downturns , and no way to reach the levers of power in any event .
Knowledge of how different government policies could affect the overall level of spending was closely held .
Thus , I would confidently lecture only three short years ago that the days when governments could stand back and let the business cycle wreak havoc were over in the rich world .
No such government today , I said , could or would tolerate any prolonged period in which the unemployment rate was kissing 10 % and inflation was quiescent without doing something major about it .
The Industrial Revolution started in the English midlands and Belgian forests -- regions endowed with coal , canals -LRB- along which barges could carry the coal -RRB- , and skilled metalworkers -LRB- who could build coal-burning steam engines -RRB- .
Perhaps it would be better if unemployed people who could have jobs -- and who at full employment would have them -- were actively looking for work rather than out of the labor force completely .
We know that when Americans become confident again -- when they believe that they could find new jobs if they lost their current ones , and when they can no longer tolerate doubling-up with their in-laws -- they will demand more dwellings than the country has today .
If no deal to raise the debt ceiling is reached by August 3 , interest rates on United States Treasury bonds could spike , or they could remain stable , as investors decide they have other problems to worry about .
Or the US Federal Reserve , the Peoples Bank of China -LRB- PBC -RRB- , or both -- or even some other body -- could support the market .
Or interest rates could rise if people expect a much weaker global economy -- and , in a weaker global economy with no inflation , investors should be holding more US Treasuries , not fewer .
Likewise , the US could have fulfilled its normal role as the conductor of the international economic orchestra .
Six months that could have been spent boosting the long-run growth potential of the American economy through infrastructure investment , educational reform , or an overhaul of health-care financing -- greatly easing America 's long-run deficit and debt dilemmas in the process -- have been lost .
During the run-up to World War II , Winston Churchill , speaking in Parliament , lamented `` the years that the locusts hath eaten '' -- the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of his day -LRB- the rise of Continental fascism -RRB- could have been taken , but was not .
But so far in the third millennium , this skill -- or simply run of luck -- has deserted the US . My view is that the problem would fix itself easily if only the Republican Party of Dwight D. Eisenhower could stage a comeback -LRB- though without Richard Nixon and Joseph McCarthy -RRB- .
Summers could have used the same metaphor to criticize the United States , where the continued focus on the long-run funding dilemmas of social insurance is sucking all of the oxygen out of efforts to deal with America 's macroeconomic and unemployment crisis .
BERKELEY -- When the European Central Bank announced its program of government-bond purchases , it let financial markets know that it thoroughly disliked the idea , was not fully committed to it , and would reverse the policy as soon as it could .
African farmers should wonder how it could be Bush -- not some left-wing Democrat -- who reversed the archconservative Newt Gingrich 's proudest achievement : the partial reform of agricultural subsidies .
What could it possibly mean other than `` try to keep China and India desperately poor for as long as possible '' ?
The Clinton team could also take credit for the largely successful handling of the 1994 Mexican and 1997-1998 Asian financial crises .
This means a willingness to ask , `` What else might happen ? , '' `` What if we 're wrong ? , '' `` What could happen next ? , '' and to look at the full range of potential outcomes -- at their costs as well as their benefits -- rather than assuming that results will match some fashionable ideology or favorite administration model .
Indeed , it is clear that the American economy could have grown much faster than it has .
The news about America 's economy that dribbled out over the first half of March painted - once again - a picture that only a schizophrenic could create .
Angell puzzled over how pre-WWI pan-German politicians could believe that German prosperity required a big battle fleet when the absence of one made no difference to the prosperity of Norway , Denmark , or Holland .
We could see it in Scandinavia , and in scattered pockets elsewhere , but the strong imprint of improved computer and communications technologies on the growth rates of output and productivity economy-wide seemed to be missing .
One could emulate J.P. Morgan , whose standard response to questions about stock prices , bond prices , and interest rates was to say simply , `` The market will fluctuate . ''
The late Rudiger Dornbusch - who used to write this column - used to say that unsustainable situations lasted longer than economists who believed in market rationality and equilibrium could imagine possible . They then tended to collapse more quickly than anyone could believe .
In short , lack of progress on reducing unemployment could be excused in the past : Europe faced more urgent problems and opportunities .
Were it not for the Stability and Growth Pact , a Keynesian spending-led program could provide the demand needed to reduce unemployment .
The problem could be solved once and for all if the ECB were willing to risk the following bargain with governments : if you liberalize product markets and make labor markets flexible , we will reduce interest rates and permit higher spending to fulfill the promise of near-full employment .
Aside from a small number of good stories in the business press , it is difficult to argue that anyone who read or listened to English-language media coverage of the campaign could have learned anything interesting or relevant to the question of whose economic policy was likely to be better for America .
On the contrary , before the Civil War you could start out splitting rails , light out for the Western Territory , make a success of yourself on the frontier , and wind up as President -- if you were named Abraham Lincoln .
In the generation after World War II , you could secure a blue-collar unionized manufacturing job or climb to the top of a white collar bureaucracy that offered job security , relatively high salaries , and long , stable career ladders .
Largely independent of education or family , those Americans who did value stability and security could grasp it in the form of jobs with `` a future . ''
There are other families throughout the world that could buy that wheat farm with one day 's wages .
Second , the 70-year period that began with the widespread diffusion of the automobile -- during which one could get nearly anywhere in a typical metropolitan area in half an hour or less -- is over .
Perhaps this steepening of the location gradient could be delayed for a decade if we were willing to shift to denser residential patterns .
We could , for example , tear down San Francisco 's row houses and replace them with buildings more like those of New York 's Upper West Side .
This could happen for two reasons .
First , investors , recognizing that the dollar is overvalued and that they are likely to suffer large losses when it returns to its fundamental value , could start selling their Treasury bonds , corporate bonds , and mortgage-backed securities .
Does this mean that a hurricane could hit world financial markets at any moment ?
Or it could also mean that economists ' baseline model of the international economy -- especially the assumption of `` uncovered interest parity , '' which holds that foreign interest income expressed in the domestic currency should equal the domestic interest rate -- is simply wrong .
The second factor that could push US interest rates sharply upward is not fear of a decline in the future value of the dollar , but the fact of a past decline in its value .
Others focused on the `` compassionate '' : they expected Bush 's fiscal policy largely to eschew tax cuts and to adopt largely Democratic spending priorities , including expanded federal aid to education and a prescription drug benefit , thereby showing that Republicans could run a more cost-effective version of the social-welfare state .
Of course , conservatives and Republicans could hope that their own favorite policy priorities would emerge as the administration 's preferred strategy .
Or they could be content with whichever of the three strategies that they expected to see , agreeing that , in any case , fiscal policy was always going to be much better than it would have been under Democratic rule .
Most international finance economists are becoming increasingly frightened that a major international financial crisis could erupt .
A difference of opinion that rested on different judgments about how the world works , which could -LRB- and ultimately was -RRB- resolved by empirical research , you might say .
Clever government officials of goodwill , he thought , could design economic institutions that would be superior to the market &#45; &#45; or could at least tweak the market with taxes , subsidies , and regulations to produce superior outcomes .
Moreover , Friedman believed that even when private interests were not aligned with public interests , that government could not be relied on to fix the problem .
At the same time , Friedman believed that even when the market equilibrium was not the utilitarian social-welfare optimum , and even when government could be used to improve matters from a utilitarian point of view , there was still an additional value in letting human freedom have the widest berth possible .
But I do n't see what alternative political-economic arrangements could make individuals ' relative wealth closely correspond to their relative moral or other merit .
Mr. Greenspan was a strong believer , in practice if not in theory -- for who could understand his theory ? -- that central bankers should speak in an opaque and convoluted dialect .
But , the argument went , the Fed could not say that this was what it was doing in clear and transparent language , for , if voters and politicians could understand central bankers , they would then force them into following destructive inflationary policies that would be worse for everyone , at least in the long run .
But banks facing possible liquidity problems -- which the Fed wants to be able to borrow at 5.25 % -- are borrowing from the Fed itself at 5.75 % , as are a few big banks that want more liquidity but do n't believe they could get it without disrupting the market .
He thought that he -- and Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill -- could win the quiet `` inside game '' for sensible policy without resorting to an `` outside game '' that would make his reappointment in 2004 unlikely .
Under two plausible scenarios -- both concerning China -- the unwinding of global imbalances could cause regional if not global depression .
Long-term interest rates could be pushed significantly lower if the Federal Reserve were to undertake the unprecedented step of mammoth purchases of long-term government bonds .
That way , shareholders and investors could properly judge whether the advice given and the investments made were in fact sound in the long run rather than just reflecting the enthusiasm of the moment .
An enthusiastic and optimistic belief in what free discussion and political democracy could do to convince peoples to adopt principles -LRB- 1 -RRB- through -LRB- 4 -RRB- .
Franklin Delano Roosevelt could have made no better investment for the future of America and the world than to wage total war against Adolf Hitler .
Reduced debt-service costs would mean that the debt\/GDP ratio would start to fall , and government spending on infrastructure , education , healthcare , and redistribution could rise .
I wish -- as the Fed does -- that some way could have been found to make financial-sector equity holders bear an even larger share of the losses that are coming down the road than they have borne so far or are likely to bear .
If you had asked me a year ago whether a year could pass without either a restoration of confidence in financial institutions or widespread nationalizations and liquidations , I would have said no. .
This was how central banking got started in the first place : letting the market and the market alone determine the price of liquidity was judged too costly for the businessmen who voted and the workers who could overthrow governments .
That , the Fed and the Treasury believed , could not be healthy .
The Lehman Brothers bankruptcy created an extraordinary and immediate demand for additional bank capital , which the private sector could not supply .
Yes , this is what might be called `` lemon socialism , '' creating grave dangers for corporate control , posing a threat of large-scale corruption , and establishing a precedent for intervention that could be very dangerous down the road .
Back at the start of 2004 , America 's banks discovered that they could borrow money cheaply from Asia and lend it out in higher-yielding domestic mortgages while using sophisticated financial engineering to wall off and strictly control their risks -- or so they thought .
It is like describing how one could bake a delicious wedding cake using only honey , bicarbonate of soda , and raw eggplant .
And that can be a very valuable asset for an incumbent Fed chair -- one that no other candidate could match .
Opponents of recent economic policy rebel against the hypothesis that an absence of government intervention and support could produce an economic decline of that magnitude today .
But it did happen . And it could have happened again .
Let 's suspend our disbelief , then , and try to imagine what Europe could and should be doing to tackle some of the most far-reaching and obstinate policy challenges that will determine whether the next 50 years are as constructive as the last .
Broadly , we see three areas in which Europe 's policymakers at both the national and EU levels can do better : global challenges where Europe could show greater leadership , the creation and strengthening of human capital within the EU and worldwide , and improvement in the effectiveness of the EU 's own political machinery .
Of course , new sources of growth in North Korea could threaten vested interests , leading to institutional rivalries , factional tension , or a conservative backlash .
The 1960 Cyprus Agreements that created the Republic of Cyprus stipulated that the Greek Cypriot partner could never assume sole control of the government .
Indeed , the single most important factor , which will have a decisive impact on developments to come and could set the stage for a remarkable success story , or , on the contrary , lead to failure , is the European Union 's forthcoming decision on whether or not to start negotiations towards Turkey 's full EU membership in 2005 .
Unchecked , it could become a security crisis .
Indeed , one could argue that such symbolic acts may even create a blind euphoria that obscures the fact that , as a result of less education and lower pay , young females in India continue to have far fewer resources than their male counterparts .
They will remain an important source of import demand , especially for high technology and industrial goods . This could be a great boon to the US economy .
And it could cause massive social disruptions in the world 's rural areas .
It is regrettable that , instead of rising to the challenge of developing agriculture in a way that is more socially and environmentally sustainable , we act as if accelerating the destruction of the global peasantry could be accomplished responsibly .
This particular prediction can not be tested -LRB- no observation could establish that the universe is at rest , even if it were -RRB- , but it is impossible to change the equations of general relativity arbitrarily .
President Rajapaksa 's predecessors spent years engaged in fruitless talks and ceasefires , during which the guerrillas remained committed to their aim of dividing the country , and making demands for political and socio-economic changes that no democracy could accept , even as they carried on killing and kidnapping .
So the first and second parts could be ratified without new negotiations and could form the basis for the new Treaty , so that the Treaty of Nice would still apply ; and the debate on the European social model would continue .
Exchange-rate equilibrium calculations from the 1970 's and 1980 's , which could only have been based on the export sector 's contemporary structure , naturally would have little relevance subsequently .
The equilibrium yuan-dollar rate is a chimera not because China 's trade could never be balanced , but because the exchange rate alone does not determine equilibrium . The structure of the entire economy matters , too .
One formerly state-run enterprise was being operated under a 2001 lease specifying that no workers could be laid off for the next ten years .
Freed of feudal-style legal restrictions on transfer of ownership and of traditional rights held by commoners who used communal land to pasture their animals , landholdings could now be sold to raise capital , which helped to finance the industrial revolution .
Myriad Genetics , the sole test provider in the US -- it holds a patent on the genes themselves , not just on the diagnostic test -- did not accept her insurance , and Ceriani could not afford to pay for the test .
In order to gain legal `` standing '' to sue Myriad Genetics , critics of genetic patents -- including the American Medical Association , the American Society of Human Genetics , and the American Civil Liberties Union -- had to find an issue that could be adjudicated on a constitutional basis .
How could the public-health authorities override medicine 's basic ethical rule -- `` First do no harm '' ?
The process could include appointing a US envoy to Iran . Ultimately , direct dialogue at the highest levels should be a key objective .
Distrust will continue , signals will be confused , setbacks will be frequent , but the results could well lead over time to greater mutual understanding and a learned capacity to work on some of the most pressing problems , just as the US learned to do with the Soviet Union and China .
Such shortages could result either in chaotic supplies and power outages or in a coordinated policy of energy rationing .
But punishment could be harsh .
The reason for this also explains why Djindjic could not rely on the Serb state to carry out his policies .
The fact that a former president of Serbia , Ivan Stambolic , could disappear without a trace in 1999 is grim testimony to the power of Serbia 's criminal underworld .
Appeasement cost millions of Jews and non-Jews their lives as England and France , allies at the time , negotiated and hesitated too long before they realized that Hitler needed to be fought and defeated , because he could not be bound by toothless agreements .
If these survival rates were constant , then distances separating existing sequences could be calculated .
It was one of those rare moments of opportunity when an amateur could compete with professionals .
In the case of Yaser Hamdi , the court renounced the Administration 's claim that military authorities could indefinitely hold a U.S. citizen as an `` enemy combatant '' without ever providing him with an opportunity to contest the basis for his detention before a neutral decision maker .
Failure to contain local outbreaks , develop tools and strategies for identifying and treating XDR-TB , and invest in longer-term improvements in TB control could transform our pharmacological magic bullets for TB into blanks .
After all , who could possibly think that the US now looks great ?
Both could happen any day ; either would be enough to shock world prosperity in ways far more painful than what is happening now .
This , too , is something that may happen any day now or that could be a few years off .
Overnight , Japan could descend into a new Great Depression .
In principle Saudi Arabia could offset a price rise by hiking its production .
In Mexico , democratization has brought greater stability , but this could well prove ephemeral .
After World War II , the myth of the `` mad Nazi '' exerted a forceful grip upon the popular imagination ; surely , only insane individuals could perpetrate something like the Holocaust .
Furthermore , trade tensions could weaken political ties .
But their presence has also raised concerns that speculation in commodity futures could result in higher price volatility .
A real , working NATO-Russia relationship could provide the Alliance with solutions to problems that it can not tackle on its own .
This would be perhaps the greatest legacy we could leave for future generations .
But they do n't disappear , and Darwin was so puzzled by this that he spoke of altruism as a problem that could prove fatal to his whole theory of evolution .
Huxley , in fact , got himself into quite a heated argument over whether blood kinship could or could not explain altruism .
Ireland has been assigned a negative outlook and could soon suffer a downgrade as well .
Of course , regaining the exchange rate as an instrument for competitive devaluation could help overcome competitiveness losses due to soaring unit-labor costs .
At some point , yields might become so high that the government concerned could not refinance its maturing debt or finance its current expenses .
Alternatively , the EU could create a special facility through which it borrows money in the bond market to help the member in trouble -- an arrangement similar to the bonds that the European Commission has already issued for the emergency facility from which Hungary and Latvia have been borrowing .
One way to tackle the problems associated with government debt , as well as to improve economic policy coordination , is through a simple extension of existing rules : an `` External Stability Pact '' could be introduced to complement current EMU regulations .
Exceptions could be granted for countries with large inflows of foreign direct investment in greenfield projects .
The Spanish government , for example , could have met Spain 's building boom and foreign-trade deficit with tax increases or by urging domestic wage restraint .
Alternatively , it could have intervened by instituting planning regulations or imposing limits on mortgage loans .
One Russian friend told me , `` Whenever we would read an article about the health dangers of butter , we would immediately run out and buy as much butter as we could find , because we knew it meant there would be a butter shortage . ''
Imagine a program where pregnant women could sign up by cell phone for weekly reminders and updates , and to answer questions such as , `` Is the baby kicking ? ''
If not , she could be referred to a local clinic .
That attitude contrasts with the skepticism I once heard from a Russian reporter about her early days on the job . `` Whenever we read an article about the health dangers of butter , we would immediately run out and buy as much butter as we could find , '' she told me .
However , I do think there is a danger that someday it could .
Whatever short-term temptations it faces -- to manipulate its search results , use private information , or throw its weight around -- Google , it is clear , could lose a lot by succumbing to them in a world where its every move is watched .
Of course , such a government CIO could n't make all that happen alone .
But he or she could encourage it -- everywhere information is used and everywhere it 's hidden .
`` Some day they could be full of ads . ''
As for spam , ISPs -LRB- including mail service providers -RRB- could limit their users to , say , 100 e-mails a day ; for more , you have to pay or at least post a security bond , or pass some good behavior test .
And , because ISPs answer to other ISPs , not governments , dissidents and whistleblowers could maintain their anonymity .
These changes would not create some digital nervous system with a centralized brain that could solve all problems .
Instead , they would result in something like an immune system of competing ISPs and evolving security services , local and omnipresent . That would vastly improve the overall computer-security situation : Ordinary people would feel secure and law enforcement and security specialists could focus on the biggest threats .
Yet while the market for new cars has slowed dramatically , it could be a good time to start a business replacing gasoline engines with electric ones .
`` We decided that if we could get 500 people to show interest in a converted car , we could demonstrate that the mass conversion scheme would make sense . ''
Any far-sighted government could help not by subsidizing these efforts , but by buying up the old gasoline engines .
If you want to start an electric engine company , learn how to retrofit a gasoline engine , or simply figure out what you could do with your own car , go to you build it , others will come !
In this case , the Libyans did not respond by withdrawing a large amount of funds , but that could happen in the future .
Judging by governments ' reactions to the crisis , one could be forgiven for thinking that market regulators and competition authorities should take the lead when an economy is stable , and that industrial policies should be implemented in times of emergency .
In the best of all worlds , we would all benefit from the so-called `` network effects '' that result from most people using the same software : everyone could easily communicate with each other and teach each other how to use the software efficiently .
Moreover , his coworkers could n't read the Microsoft Word files that he sent them in the new '' . docx '' format .
While Microsoft could have kept the traditional '' . doc '' as its default format for MS Word , this would not have served its purpose : eventually , after enough of the world pays for Office 2007 , holdouts will be dragged along , kicking and screaming .
These ties increased with the signing of bilateral free-trade treaties with the US , so there is a good chance that they could experience negative growth in 2009 and , perhaps , in the first half of 2010 , as the US goes into recession .
The idea that you could treat political enemies jovially , and perhaps have a drink with them after hours -- or enter into a coalition government with them -- can seem not only unnatural , but even a bit indecent , in such circumstances .
Just last year , one could witness fistfights in parliaments ranging from Iraq to Taiwan , Turkey , and , most spectacularly , Ukraine .
The one thing that could precipitate the demise of the dollar would be reckless economic mismanagement in the US .
The second factor contributing to the crisis could then be addressed once and for all .
But South Korea could usefully drop a hint .
My answer is no , creating the euro was not a mistake , but it could still be a mistake in the making .
The Greek crisis could be the Trojan horse that leads Europe toward deeper political integration .
The bargain then was that the US could pick the president of the World Bank while the Europeans would get the top slot at the IMF -LRB- US policymakers in their wisdom believing that the Bank would become the more important institution -RRB- .
Because the increase in US spending on Chinese exports will be gradual , it also is appropriate for the adjustment in the renminbi-dollar exchange rate to be gradual . If China recklessly revalued its exchange rate by 20 % , as certain foreigners recommend , the result could be a sharp fall in spending on its goods , which would undermine growth .
That possibility could arise sometime in the future , when the proverbial brick wall comes into view .
In the days of fixed commissions , investment banks could make a comfortable living booking stock trades .
If this proved successful , it could then move toward publishing more forceful , umpire-like decisions .
The stigma problem could then be addressed if the IMF was authorized to pre-qualify unilaterally a swath of countries for one facility or the other .
Investors could take this as an indication that policies had deteriorated significantly and rush for the exits .
This danger would be attenuated if pre-qualification was not a yes-or-no decision : if there were a range of facilities for which countries could be pre-qualified , they could be moved between them as circumstances changed .
But it is not clear that this would be enough to remove the danger that an IMF decision , taken in response to deteriorating country policies , could precipitate a crisis .
While it is always possible that there could come a tipping point at which everyone migrates from one currency to another , the network-based nature of the international monetary system , it is said , leaves room for only one true international unit .
Uncertainty about whether the European Union will hold together could limit the use of the euro .
How could this be ?
BERKELEY -- Three years into the financial crisis , one might think that the world could put Great Depression analogies behind it .
Now the fear is that currency warfare , leading to tariffs and retaliation , could cause disruptions to the international trading system as serious as those of the 1930 's .
In the deflationary 1930 's , the most important way that countries could subdue protectionist pressure was to use monetary policy actively to push up the price level and stimulate economic recovery .
BERKELEY -- What once could be dismissed as simply a Greek crisis , or simply a Greek and Irish crisis , is now clearly a eurozone crisis .
The US could no longer run balance-of-payments deficits `` without tears . ''
American policy could be reined in without starving the global economy of liquidity .
But that could change , and suddenly .
Others could usefully follow their lead .
If Chinese officials do n't move faster to channel popular grievances and head off potential sources of disaffection , they could eventually be confronted with an uprising of their own -- an uprising far broader and more determined than the student protest that they crushed in Tiananmen Square in 1989 .
The bad news is that ten years is a long time . If recent history is any guide , salvation could still be three crises away .
BERKELEY -- Financial markets are increasingly certain that a Greek debt restructuring is coming , and European policymakers fear the worst . `` In the worst case , '' as Juergen Stark , a member of the European Central Bank board , has put it , `` a debt restructuring of a eurozone member could put the consequences of Lehman 's bankruptcy in the shade . ''
The Greek government could simply announce that it was exchanging its bonds for new ones maturing in , say , 30 years .
Two of my Northern California neighbors , Peter Allen and Gary Evans -- both veterans of the Brady Plan -- have explained how a similar plan could be implemented today .
First , the new bonds could be structured so that haircuts incurred by the banks count as tax losses , reducing the hit to their profits .
Second , the ECB could offer to provide special treatment -- `` secured financing '' -- on the new debt to make it attractive to investors .
Third , regulation could be used to reconcile Greece 's need to restructure now with the banks ' wish to wait until their balance sheets are stronger .
New bonds , on which interest was back-loaded , could be given the same accounting value as old ones on which interest was paid earlier .
This special accounting treatment could then be phased out over time , requiring banks to acknowledge their losses , but only once they were able to do so .
Fourth , the new instruments could be tailored to give both banks and official lenders a stake in the country 's success .
These could range from building new solar and wind power-generating facilities , in order to turn Greece into a major energy exporter , to updating its ports to help make it a commercial hub for the eastern Mediterranean .
Foreign aid and expertise could be used to modernize the property-registration and tax-collection systems .
Funds could be used for recapitalizing the banks and retiring some debt .
They could help finance government support for the unemployed , indigent , and elderly , who are among the principal victims of the financial crisis .
With that support in place , the recipient countries could do the rest .
Europe could get back on its feet .
If that meltdown is not averted , it could take down the rest of Europe .
The IMF could use its bond-issuing power to purchase GDP-indexed bonds from national governments , thereby providing the new global reserve assets with backing and interest-generating capacity , while creating an incentive for governments to issue them .
BERKELEY -- It may be hard to imagine that Europe 's crisis could worsen , but it just has .
As investors place their bets , the balance sheets of Greek banks and the Greek government will deteriorate further , which could cause bearish expectations to become self-fulfilling .
But skeptics question whether the SDR could ever replace the dollar as the world 's leading reserve currency , for the simple reason that the SDR is not a currency . It is a composite accounting unit in which the IMF issues credits to its members .
It could issue its own SDR-denominated bonds . Better still , it could encourage other G-20 countries to do likewise .
The Fund could stand ready to buy and sell SDR claims to all comers , private as well as official , at narrow bid\/ask spreads competitive with those for dollars .
One development that could change this forecast is if China comes to view investing in US financial assets as a money-losing proposition .
It could be placed within ASEAN 's Secretariat in Jakarta . It could be placed inside the Asian Development Bank in Manila .
It could be given to the `` neutral '' Northeast Asian country , Korea .
Its members , with statutory independence and long terms in office , could function like the monetary policy committee of a central bank .
They could issue a Financial Stability Report that bluntly flags weak policies and financial vulnerabilities .
And they could demand policy adjustments as a condition for disbursing funds .
The IMF could then be shown the door .
In the United States , those who argue for another stimulus package observe that it was always wishful thinking to believe that a $ 787 billion package could offset a $ 3 trillion fall in private spending .
Countries have accumulated large reserves in order to insure against shocks . This is costly for poor economies , which could better use the resources for investment and consumption .
Or it could be that national policymakers do n't trust the IMF , given that it essentially missed the global financial crisis .
The larger the differences have become during the euro 's first decade , the more the ECB 's policy could be described as `` one size fits none . ''
Nor could we find any convergence regarding government deficits and debt .
The implications of these increasing differences could be severe .
As always , those seats will be hotly contested , but , with more at stake than ever , the fight for them could be fiercer than it would otherwise .
But the Yes backers could never articulate clearly why people should vote in favor of the Treaty .
Europe could re-engineer the eurozone to enable debt sustainability and high economic growth .
Then again , it probably could not have done otherwise -- just as our once-agile rescue vessel never really had the choice of remaining safely in port .
After all , there is little to suggest that emerging economies could counter , effectively and sustainably , a large synchronized slowdown in the West , especially when it comes with the risk of another banking crisis .
To my country -- Denmark -- WWII 's end meant a return to freedom and democracy , and we could use the rest of the 20th century to strengthen our freedom , bolstering it with affluence .
Such could provide inspiration for the entire region , including its postcommunist countries , where a huge potential for growth exists .
They needed to know what had happened before they could try to get on with their lives .
The government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia -LRB- FRY -RRB- could seize and extradite them - if it wished to .
This could have incited a complicated situation where Russians were faced with tough visa requirements when traveling between Kaliningrad and Russia proper .
Kaliningrad could be a litmus test of these relations .
In a wider context this could lead to a strengthening of the so-called Northern Dimension of the EU , where the goal is a free trade area to include all the countries around the Baltic Sea .
The optimism created by their peaceful return to a free and democratic Europe has been shattered to a degree that none of us could have foreseen .
Still , French-British cooperation if it does take on real substance could be an inspiration to others , though the challenges to making the agreement viable are formidable .
The French president has accused them of being `` childish '' and `` irresponsible '' in voicing their pro-US stance on the Iraq issue , and warned that their position could be `` dangerous , '' as the decision to let them into the EU has not yet been ratified .
Nothing could be more incorrect .
As Sandel points out , perhaps we could design a world in which we all have access to mood-brightening drugs and cosmetic surgery ; in which athletes have access to safe , performance-enhancing drugs ; in which we could safely choose and manipulate the genetic traits of our children ; and in which we eat factory-farmed pigs and chickens that are genetically engineered not to feel pain .
More than one-third of Americans in 1917 could trace their heritage back to Germany and its allies .
Wilson could not implore his people to `` kill the Krauts , '' as British or French leaders frequently did , because so many of Wilson 's soldiers were , by ethnicity at least , Krauts themselves .
Only when foreign enemies looked different from what Americans conceived themselves to be could presidents wage war against a people as a whole .
Thus , Franklin Roosevelt could simultaneously urge Americans to keep the world from being `` dominated by Hitler and Mussolini , '' even as he told them that `` we are now in the midst of a war against Japan . ''
No one could question the government 's legitimacy so long as prosperity expanded .
Jonathan Zittrain , Co-Director of Harvard University 's Berkman Center for Internet and Society , has suggested that the United States , for example , could start with some basic funding for the kind of `` science and technology innovation that gave us the Internet to begin with . '' This could include potential `` game changers '' in China such as ad hoc mesh networking , which allows users to communicate with one another by hopping from one device to the next without an Internet service provider in the middle .
Right now , many netizens are applauding Google 's move . But if they begin to perceive Google as a pawn of the US government , this sentiment could turn on a dime .
Once such an alliance was shaped , nothing but revolution could stop it -- in this case , the Bolshevik revolution .
Civil peace in these areas was one of the few accomplishments of which contemporary Russia could be proud .
And , as long as oil prices were growing faster than Russian salaries , those in power could still grab a big slice of the profits .
Things could not be more different now .
By this logic , one could also reclassify the victims of the terror , collectivization , and famine of the 1930 's in order to boost the number of Hitler 's casualties in the USSR .
Such a bleak diagnosis of Russia 's ills could never be the basis for a Kremlin-sponsored political party .
An invasion force , assuming that one could be mustered on short notice , would raise the stakes higher still .
British Defense Minister Liam Fox has suggested that Qaddafi could be targeted .
The language of these resolutions could hardly be clearer in prescribing the scope and limits of what should be done .
The current situations in Bahrain , Yemen , and Syria are on the cusp : ugly , but smaller in scale and perhaps retrievable by pressure short of military action -LRB- of which the US and its allies could usefully apply much more -RRB- .
We know that terrorist groups have the capacity to engineer nuclear devices and would explode them anywhere they could ; we simply can not be confident that we can forever deny them access to the fissile material they need to fuel them .
It 's just a way of letting out your feelings . '' It seemed not to occur to anyone that the black players who were the subject of this abuse could possibly have rather different feelings about it .
Economic and social reform policies throughout Europe would be strengthened if the EU authorities were able to coordinate them , and EU enlargement , together with the further development of its internal market of almost half a billion consumers , could powerfully stimulate economic activity .
In that case , the trade deficit recorded in March could be at least 40 % higher .
Put another way , the global imbalance could be corrected more efficiently by addressing other , more fundamental factors .
There may be other factors that could slow down or interrupt China 's growth .
Savings could remain high , even as current consumption grows slowly , while the trade balance would be held in check by higher demand for imported capital goods .
Thus , regional disparities in terms of economic prosperity may never narrow ; indeed , they could often widen .
Some people used to argue that as long as one factor of production -- i.e. , capital -- could move freely , the world could be equalized .
At the beginning of the year , the RRR increases could be regarded as part of efforts to correct the over-supply of money that arose from the anti-crisis stimulus package .
The jobs issue could be exploited further by citing poor working conditions , low wages , child labor , and other problems commonly found in developing countries .
If the volume of oil resources were known with certainty , and if we could accurately predict the growth of oil consumption , calculating the imminence of exhaustion would be simple .
Many current studies focus on developing vaccines that might not completely prevent HIV infection , but that still could slow the progression of HIV or make a person less likely to pass the virus on to others .
Two IEA climate-policy scenarios show how we could stabilize the concentration of greenhouse gases at 550 or 450 parts per million of CO2 equivalent .
In other words , even if OECD countries reduce their emissions to zero , they alone could not put the world onto the 450-ppm trajectory .
For example , one of the most immediate and severe consequences of climate change could be a rapid rise in sea level .
If the US is not careful , our own new nuclear posture could provoke the very nuclear-proliferation activities we are seeking to prevent .
While the ECB has limited room for maneuver , regulatory changes and revenue-neutral shifts in the tax structure -LRB- for example , a temporary investment tax credit financed by a temporary increase in the corporate tax rate -RRB- could provide the stimulus needed to offset declining net exports .
While aimed at reducing long-term environmental damage , cap-and-trade policies could produce significant harmful economic effects in the near term that would continue into the future .
Taken by itself , today 's $ 750 billion annual rate of household saving could replace that amount in capital inflows from the rest of the world .
Without a fall in the dollar and the resulting rise in net exports , a higher saving rate and reduced consumer spending could push the US economy into a deep recession .
Although it is tempting to think of this as a purely domestic problem affecting the United States , nothing could be further from the truth .
But the unemployment rate could be over 9 % -- and possibly even more than 10 -- when it begins to act . If so , can we really expect Congress not to object ?
If the presidential promise to reduce the fiscal deficit was really a commitment to cut spending and raise taxes , we could see today 's dangerous deficit trajectory be reversed .
Increasing the number of insured by 35 million and broadening protection for some who are now insured implies increased demand for health care , which could raise the cost of care paid for by the government as well as by private health-care buyers .
And how could that cost be financed if the proposed taxes on existing health policies and the reductions in Medicare outlays have already been used ?
Closing that gap could add more than $ 1 trillion to the government 's cost over the next 10 years .
Although Reagan could not bring down spending on entitlement programs for retirees , America 's non-defense discretionary spending was reduced by one-third , from 4.7 % of GDP in the 1980 to 3.1 % in 1988 .
The effect of a decline in the dollar over the coming decade could be equally important .
That is a big accounting loss , but it does n't change the value of the American goods or property investments in the US that the Chinese could buy with their trillion dollars .
In Mexico , for example , it took 150 pesos in 1990 to buy what one peso could buy in 1980 .
Central banks in Asia and the Middle East have traditionally held their reserves in dollars . That made sense when they needed those reserves to be very liquid so that they could bridge temporary trade deficits .
If it were not part of the euro system , Greece might not have gotten into its current predicament and , even if it had gotten into its current predicament , it could have avoided the need to default .
Or it could be a `` soft default '' in which Greece unilaterally services its existing debt with new debt rather than paying in cash .
The only way that Greece could avoid a default would be by cutting its future annual budget deficits to a level that foreign and domestic investors would be willing to finance on a voluntary basis .
If Greece still had its own currency , the authorities could devalue it while tightening fiscal policy .
The shift to a single currency meant that the individual member countries lost the ability to control monetary policy and interest rates in order to respond to national economic conditions . It also meant that each country 's exchange rate could no longer respond to the cumulative effects of differences in productivity and global demand trends .
If the saving rate continues to rise rapidly , it could push America 's fragile economy into another downturn .
Households ' need to rebuild wealth , and the lack of access to credit , implies that the saving rate could continue to rise from the 6.4 % recorded in June -LRB- the most recent month for which data are available -RRB- to the 9 % rate that America averaged in the decades before 1985 .
If that were to happen quickly , total spending could decline , pushing the economy into a double-dip recession .
The official non-partisan Congressional Budget Office predicts that the policies that now seem most likely could push the debt to 100 % of GDP by the end of the decade .
But foreign investors , who hold nearly half of the US government 's debt now -- and are likely to hold an even larger share in the future -- could still have reason to worry that the US might someday try to reduce the value of its debt in a way that adversely affects them but not Americans , or that affects all debt holders but relieves the foreign-debt burden on American taxpayers .
While such policies are extremely unlikely , fear of such possibilities could cause foreign investors to shun the dollar .
The potential future clash between larger fiscal deficits and a low household saving rate could have powerful negative effects on both Japan and the global economy .
Those were the days of sharply rising incomes , when Japanese households could increase their consumption rapidly while adding significant amounts to their savings .
While the current situation could continue for a number of years , there is a risk that rising interest rates and reductions in net business saving will bring Japan 's current-account surplus to an end .
The same negative effect on the current account could occur if the corporate sector increases its rate of investment in plant and equipment or reduces corporate saving by paying higher wages or dividends .
The excess saving could also decline if housing construction picks up .
Because the downturn was not caused by high interest rates , lowering them could not lift the economy out of recession .
The inflation differential between the dollar and the euro is now relatively small -- only about one percentage point a year -- but is greater relative to the yen and lower relative to the renminbi and other high-inflation currencies . Over the longer run , however , inflation differentials could be a more significant force in determining the dollar 's path .
Although this change is driven by Chinese domestic considerations , it could have a significant impact on global capital flows and interest rates .
If Americans ' demand for housing picks up and businesses want to increase their investment , a clash between China 's lower saving rate and a continued high fiscal deficit in the US could drive up global interest rates significantly .
If that trade gap persists , Greece will have to borrow the full amount from foreign lenders every year in the future , even if the post-default budget deficits could be financed by borrowing at home .
But , even if that could be achieved , it would close the trade gap only for as long as Greek prices remained competitive .
That could cause their interest rates to spike upward and their national debts to rise rapidly , thus making them effectively insolvent .
Two years could allow markets to see whether Spain 's banks can handle the decline of local real-estate prices , or whether mortgage defaults will lead to widespread bank failures , requiring the Spanish government to finance large deposit guarantees .
Likewise , two years could provide time for Italy to demonstrate whether it can achieve a balanced budget .
But the larger countries would be able to fund themselves at reasonable interest rates , and the current eurozone system could continue .
And even before that default occurs , interest rates on Spanish or Italian debt could rise sharply , putting these countries on a financially impossible path .
Indeed , the Congressional Budget Office projects that the national debt could increase to 82 % of GDP over the next ten years -- more than double the debt ratio as recently as 2008 .
With slower growth and more normal interest rates , the debt ratio could easily rise to more than 100 % in 2021 , and exceed 150 % by 2030 .
Although some cuts in traditional outlays should be part of efforts to rein in spending , this approach should be supplemented by reducing `` tax expenditures '' -- the special features of the tax code that subsidize health care , mortgage borrowing , local-government taxes , etc. . Limiting tax expenditures could reduce the annual deficit by as much as 2 % of GDP , thereby reducing the debt-to-GDP ratio in 2021 by more than 25 percentage points .
The budget cost of Social Security pensions could be gradually reduced by substituting annuities generated by investment-based personal retirement accounts for part of the current tax-financed benefits .
But even though such a reform could maintain income levels for retirees , Democrats oppose it , because it lowers traditional government benefits .
The current economic stalemate is troubling , because financial markets could react adversely , and because delays in addressing the fiscal deficit means a higher national debt .
While the crisis could strengthen the institutions provided by the EMU , it could also create multiple risks , of which member countries need to be aware if they want to avoid them .
The primary problem is that conditions in individual EMU members may develop in such different ways that some national political leaders could be tempted to conclude that their countries would be better served by adopting a mix of policies different from that of the other members .
Although there are technical and legal reasons why such a split would be harder for an EMU country , there seems little doubt that a country could withdraw if it really wanted to .
That is clearly a substantial risk if the country is Germany or France . But even if it is one of the smaller countries , it might be a serious threat because it could be seen as the beginning of the end .
So either type of country could make the threat in the hope that it would be enough to cause their EMU colleagues to agree to their desired change in policy .
By contrast , the central bank could lower interest rates rapidly , which worked to raise household and business spending through a variety of channels .
The economy could bounce back as those excesses were absorbed over time , making room for new investment .
While the very modest extent of current deflation does not create a significant problem , if it continues , the price level could conceivably fall by a cumulative 10 % over the next few years .
This year also marks a much less noted anniversary , an occasion on which de Gaulle showed how his rare combination of determination , political skill , and rhetorical ability could be brought to bear to face down determined opposition .
He hoped that France could dominate the National Liberation Front -LRB- FLN -RRB- militarily , and was frustrated at the extremely messy political situation on the ground and the difficulty of persuading the settlers that maintaining the status quo was untenable .
Medieval European cavalries later put political power into the hands of the wealthy , who could afford to support horses and their groomsmen , but the return of mass armies in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries often turned the tables .
To believe that Europe could keep out of this conflict is a dangerous illusion .
Neither Russia nor China could avoid showing solidarity within the Security Council .
Instead of simply watching in horror , as it did at the start of the Bosnian war , NATO decided to intervene before Milosevic 's forces could again devastate one of the constituent ethnic groups of the former Yugoslavia .
Instead , it has helped Iran to gain a regional ascendancy that the country could never have achieved on its own .
The key question is whether the consequences of Iraq 's disintegration could be contained within its national borders , or whether large parts of the region would be affected .
As no regional power is strong enough to win a war of succession outright , all of these powers could only lose if a conflict ensues .
And the German team has put on a wonderful display of heart warming and modern offensive soccer -LRB- which nobody could have expected ! -RRB- .
One could despair : the Bush administration has obviously wasted almost seven years during which it could have pursued a solution .
Europe 's geopolitical , economic , and social weight is quite obvious . But Europe 's integration of sovereign states ' interests by means of common institutions could also be an example for much of the world .
In particular , the way Europe , in the process of its enlargement , has projected its power to achieve lasting peace across the whole continent , and fostered development by integrating entire economies , states , and societies within its institutional framework , could become a model for shaping a cooperative world order in the twenty-first century .
But could does n't mean will . Europe 's global influence is feeble because of its internal quarrels and lack of unity , which render the European Union weak and limit its ability to act .
No such US-EU consultations would require any new agreements , so they could start without any further preliminaries .
This type of nationalism , or `` Arab socialism , '' reached its apex during the Cold War , when it could lean on Soviet military , political , and economic support .
Indeed , modernization by no means implies a solution to the conflicts that continue to fester in the region . Instead , these conflicts are themselves `` modernized , '' which could make them even more dangerous than in the past .
An aspect of such modernization could be seen in the 2006 Lebanon war between Israel and Hezbollah , where tank warfare was rendered obsolete by missiles and Katyushas .
· Iran 's hegemonic ambitions have been unleashed , and the country has been helped to a strategic position that it could never have reached on its own .
For Iraq 's disintegration would be hard to contain ; indeed , it could bring about a thorough balkanization of the region .
The United States ' enemies have been strengthened , and Iran -- despite being branded as a member of the so-called `` axis of evil '' -- has been catapulted into regional hegemony . Iran could never have achieved this on its own , certainly not in such a short time .
There were also signals emanating from Iran that , having , having mastered uranium enrichment technology , the authorities could envisage continuing enrichment in a third country in a joint consortium with the West .
The European Union 's successful track record could therefore provide an almost perfect model .
In the Middle East , the process of regional integration could begin with water and energy .
A common market for goods and services could follow , along with a regional security system .
By summoning the euro group , which so far includes 15 European Union members , the French presidency could rely on a politically functioning avant-garde group .
After all , if the crisis in financial markets continues and combines with a dramatic slump in the real economy , the EU could quickly be at risk if it can not respond politically .
The possible trade-off could be that the existing principles and institutions of the post-Soviet European order , including NATO , remain unchanged and are accepted and implemented by Russia , which would get a significantly enhanced role within NATO , including the perspective of full membership .
The rules of the game would be changed and a whole variety of strategic goals could be achieved -- European security , neighborhood conflicts , energy security , arms reduction , anti-proliferation , etc. . Yes , such a bold step would transform NATO .
The outcome of that election is increasingly uncertain , and Merkel is now in a very uncomfortable position , which could grow into a real predicament .
Nothing and no one , it seemed , could stem the global triumph of the market , with its transcendence of all previous limits on wealth -- that is , until September 15 , 2008 , the fateful date when Lehman Brothers went bust and the meltdown of the global financial system began .
The solutions to the climate crisis are already well known , the money is available , and so are the technologies , or where they are n't , they could be developed .
The fundamental change in Germany 's European policy is simply happening -- the result of a process that could almost be termed `` organic . ''
The dream of Iran 's resurgence as a great power and civilization could be realized in unison with the major regional and global powers , rather than ending in the nightmare of confrontation .
A look at history books could help them make the decision .
Merkel could attempt this strategy because she knew that her right flank was covered by the FDP , which would attract voters dissatisfied with the CDU 's leftward turn , but then join in a CDU-led coalition .
At that moment , peace between Palestinians and Israelis could have been achieved , and thus a new beginning made in the Middle East .
The challenge posed by global climate change could have been addressed more effectively that way .
Europe has made only insufficient use of its opportunities since 1989 -- and could dramatically lose influence in the emerging power structure of the twenty-first century .
Frustrated by Ukraine 's immobilism and corruption , Europe has turned away from the country -- a stance that could turn out to be a significant strategic mistake .
But cooperation on Ukraine might eventually lead to the creation of a far more meaningful Germany-Poland-Russia triangle that could give a new stimulus to Europe 's eastern policy .
It could do so because its economy , apart from its excessive debt burden following the collapse of an asset bubble , was basically sound .
But , given a global economic environment that promises scant sustainable growth in the coming years , things could otherwise get very tough very soon .
Everyone involved could have lived with this compromise ; it was the political confrontation that preceded it that made agreement difficult .
You could disregard all this as typical exaggeration if German domestic reaction did not demonstrate a clearly identifiable trend , namely Germany 's withdrawal as a motor of European integration as it increasingly pursues its more narrowly defined national interests .
Otherwise , the rapid and fundamental transformation of the country from a largely agrarian to an ultra-modern industrialized society could not proceed without destabilizing the system .
Europe could change the course of this development only if it presented itself as a serious player and stood up for its interests on the global stage .
This could happen because , in the long run , the EU wo n't be able to withstand its conflicts of interest and the resulting process of `` renationalization '' in all member states without suffering grave damage .
Given their economic and political clout , Germany and France are the respective leaders of the eurozone 's northern and southern parts . Both could therefore sponsor the indispensable compromise between the eurozone 's stronger and weaker countries .
Most ominously , the window of opportunity for a two-state solution could close for good , because realities on the ground will no longer allow it .
They could use the time , with international help , to build up effective state institutions , address economic development , and heal the rift between West Bank and Gaza .
If the boundaries between nuclear haves and have-nots becomes more permeable , or even dissolves altogether , the entire multilateral security system could be called into question .
Moreover , compared to Eastern Europe in 1989 , the Middle East in 2011 lacks any stabilizing external structures , such as NATO and the European Union , that could influence domestic reforms by holding out the prospect of membership .
There were many people who lost out during this transformation , and the democratic revolution 's organizers were not necessarily those who could push through the democratic and economic development .
I do n't know what Germany 's foreign minister , Guido Westerwelle , could have been thinking .
And solidarity within NATO -- a term all but shunned these days in official German circles -- is mutual : left to its own devices , Germany could one day wake up in a very precarious situation .
It is naive to assume that the most populous EU member state could and should keep out of a crisis situation in a region with immediate manifold European and German security interests .
That could plunge the global economy into another financial crisis , delivering a shock equivalent to the autumn of 2008 .
But it makes little sense to insist on it as long as losses by banks that remain `` too big to fail '' could trigger a renewed financial crisis .
Unfortunately , unanimous support for the necessary EU treaty changes simply could not be secured .
Initially , such a chamber could be an advisory body , with the national parliaments maintaining their competencies ; later , on the basis of an intergovernmental treaty , it must become a real parliamentary control and decision-making body , made up of national parliaments ' delegated members .
Two outcomes could flow from America 's adopted role as the decisive power in the Middle East .
And food shortages could grow much worse , as world population is expected to reach nine billion by 2050 or earlier .
The European Union and other developed countries are already intent on tackling the problem of global food security , and could easily tailor their own schemes to become part of this wider program .
What could we say about Phelps ?
The paradox is that the ECB could have secured its independence by cutting interest rates on September 6 , and again on October 4 .
In those cases , even a government with the proper economic fundamentals and its financial house in order could still run into trouble .
With unlimited support , by contrast , every single speculator could be quashed , and no loss would be borne -LRB- since intervention to support a weak currency would succeed -RRB- .
The only problem was that both the Bundesbank and the German government always fiercely resisted such an arrangement , on the grounds that it could lead to the printing of unlimited quantities of Deutschmarks , and thus stoke inflation .
When Argentina invaded and occupied the Falkland Islands , the United Kingdom could take whatever measures were necessary to remove them .
So bombing Buenos Aires in that context would have been unnecessary and therefore could not possibly qualify as proportionate .
Still , language of such breadth could accommodate virtually any action sympathetic to a foreign power , yet Americans are reluctant to invoke their catch-all criminal charge .
The only way in which civilians could ever lose the right of self-defense would be if they , as individuals , were engaged in actions threatening imminent harm to others .
The best argument that the Palestinians could make against the fence is to make it unnecessary by suppressing suicide bombings .
Many have read and seen enough to feel acute shame about being part of a nation that could go to war with righteous ideas and end up replicating , if not aggravating , the abuses of the `` rogue state '' Americans called their enemy .
The source of that shame is not any particular act , but simply being part of a nation that could behave so arrogantly as to disregard international law and the United Nations by invading a country that was not threatening America , and then sending untrained military police to keep prisoners in line by any means they happen to devise .
Even if the UN Security Council could establish an ad hoc tribunal to try the abuses of American officials in Iraq , this would still address only the guilt of individuals , not the problem of each American 's own responsibility for having participated , directly and indirectly , in a culture that generated the torture of prisoners .
Amid rising allegations of abuse , President George W. Bush 's government realized some time ago that it could not maintain its Guantánamo detention camp forever .
He could have added the Rome Statute and UN resolutions establishing the ad hoc tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and for Rwanda .
Early intervention is possible in a domestic legal system , but there is no international police force that could fulfill a similar function .
Iran has also believed that it could split France , and perhaps Germany , away from the United States -- as if either country would risk infuriating the Americans for the sake of a leader like Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
For example , if Iran 's nuclear activities were to be surrounded with enough voluntarily accepted checks and controls , we could be confident of detecting at an early stage any diversion toward military purposes .
Iran could develop its civil nuclear program while remaining a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ; the IAEA would be able to fulfill its role as watchdog ; and perhaps confidence in Iranian intentions would slowly be restored .
They see what happened , not what could have happened .
Requiring managers to apprise investors of downside exposure would help even more . Alternatively , managers could guarantee limits on losses , similar to a car manufacturer 's warranty .
It may seem plausible that a `` domestic retreat '' could be justified by a contracting range of opportunities in foreign markets , rather than by a desire to stabilize domestic economies .
Indeed , the first signs of new growth in SWF foreign investments could already be seen towards the end of 2009 .
After introducing a biological problem with 11 variables , I used a simple method called dimensional analysis to demonstrate that only three needed to be studied empirically ; the relations among the rest of the variables could be inferred logically .
Philosophers of science have traditionally approached questions concerning what counts as knowledge , explanation , and theory as if they could be answered universally .
By the early 1950 's , however , biologists still could not explain how an organism reproduces its characteristic form from one generation to another .
But experimental biologists ask a different question : not whether organisms could grow as an imaginary model suggests , but whether they do .
The net effect could be a new disciplinary culture that transforms the aims , methods , and epistemological basis of research .
The Korean study , for example , was financed by an autism advocacy group , which could barely contain its enthusiasm at the high rates that were reported .
Many small countries there have experimented with policies and institutions that could usefully be adopted by others .
These institutions are particularly worthy of imitation by other commodity-exporting countries , in order to defeat the so-called `` natural-resource curse . '' Even advanced countries such as the US and UK could learn something from Chile , given that in the last expansion they evidently forgot how to run countercyclical fiscal policy .
In highlighting some very specific institutions that could be usefully adopted elsewhere , I do not mean to suggest that they can be effortlessly translated from one national context to another .
The G-20 needs a smaller informal steering group , a G-6 or G-9 , which could meet on the eve of the main G-20 meeting and discuss how to organize the discussion in the larger group .
Europe could be represented by both the United Kingdom and the eurozone .
The ninth country could be any of the rest .
? An attempt to address global current-account imbalances and ? currency wars . '' There could be a statement agreeing that excessive imbalances are a problem , that exchange rates and budget deficits both bear some responsibility , and that neither should bear the burden of adjustment alone ;
Dollar commodity prices could plunge at any time , as a result of a new recession , an increase in real interest rates in the United States , fluctuations in climate , or random sector-specific factors .
If their export revenues were to plunge relative to their debt-service obligations , the result could be crises reminiscent of Latin America 's in 1982 or the Asian and Russian currency crises of 1997-1998 .
A multilateral agency such as the World Bank could play a critical role in launching a market in commodity bonds .
This behavior could also be observed after the creation of the ECB , which has inherited the Bundesbank 's habits about interventions .
American objectives could not be achieved in Vietnam . The outcome in Iraq will not be determined until the last American troops have been withdrawn .
The London-based European Bank for Reconstruction and Development could join this effort by extending its activities to the region , which could be coupled with the creation of dedicated services to support the growth of job-creating enterprises .
A Conference on Security and Cooperation in the Mediterranean and the Middle East -LRB- CSCM -RRB- could quickly become a useful instrument for promoting this comprehensive approach to security and development .
Both studies showed that there are hundreds of regions of the genome that could have more or less than the expected two copies .
About three years ago at Brigham and Women 's Hospital , when we were seeking a potential tool for high-resolution diagnostics , array-CGH offered the hope of providing a reliable and efficient genome-wide test that could detect gains or losses in an unbiased and non-subjective fashion .
A more development-minded Libya could help dampen tensions in these vital regions . Indeed , Gaddafi 's emphatic call for Libya to embrace the market economy could have a sort of revolutionary domino effect among North Africa 's `` dirigiste '' economies , improving the chances for a revitalization of plans to open and integrate the Maghreb Union economies .
Moreover , a simple change in the composition of the committee could decide a candidate 's fate .
Not until committee strongman C. W. Oseen died in 1944 could the theoretical physicist Wolfgang Pauli -- one of the giants of quantum mechanics -- receive a prize .
Committee members occasionally confessed privately that often several candidates could be found who equally deserved a prize .
But could Sarkozy be right in believing that currency markets do not automatically drive exchange rates to levels consistent with the fundamentals of international trade ?
By contrast , wholesale restrictions on short-selling -LRB- and other such measures that pay no regard to whether an asset is over - or undervalued -RRB- -- an option that some have suggested -- could actually lead to greater instability .
Not everyone wanted to be modern , of course , and not everyone could put in place the institutions and policies necessary to make democracy and capitalism work , but no alternative system would yield better results .
After all , the very success of that attack meant that such limited intervention could never be repeated , because would-be proliferators learned to bury , hide , or duplicate their nascent weapons programs .
Israel made a similar mistake in thinking that it could use its enormous margin of conventional military power to destroy Hezbollah in last summer 's Lebanon War .
America 's founding fathers were motivated by a similar belief that unchecked power , even when democratically legitimated , could be dangerous , which is why they created a constitutional system of internally separated powers to limit the executive .
So it would appear that it was the Iranians who blinked first , before the incident could spiral into a genuine 1979-style hostage crisis .
Huxley identified humanity 's achievements with legal conventions and medical technologies , artifices that extend human dominion by enabling people to be and do more than they could individually .
Otherwise , inquisitorial ethics reviews could come to be regarded as nothing more than intellectual vigilantism .
However , the pages of these books continued to be made of animal hide , which could easily be written over .
The Myitsone and Mekong incidents have now cast a shadow over these projects , fueling fear of a chain reaction that could wreck China 's two-decade-long effort to achieve deeper regional integration .
This property , it now seems , could be reclaimed by the state at any moment .
Indeed , this year could be Russia 's most fateful yet .
After all , the Soviet Union was a totalitarian state that could rely on a powerful and ubiquitous secret police .
We could not ignore our people 's suffering .
We thought that we could appeal to some , if not all , of the generals -- Buddhists themselves -- who control our country to join us in trying to right the many ills befalling Burma .
Though hardly a panacea for the Kashmir dispute , this could pave the way for a more permanent settlement and , perhaps , lasting peace .
For example , the concept of `` pre-hypertension '' could extend the use of anti-hypertensive drugs dramatically , because everybody 's blood pressure rises with age .
Requiring longer testing periods , and possibly extra resources , could be compensated by new drugs ' greater longevity on the market , and patent coverage could be extended .
Yet lessons learned in dealing with exotic species , combined with recent mathematical models of the evolutionary dynamics of tumors , indicate that eradicating most cancers may be impossible . Trying to do so , moreover , could worsen the problem .
So , just as judicious use of pesticides can control invasive species , a therapeutic strategy designed to maintain a stable , tolerable tumor volume could improve a patient 's prospects for survival by allowing sensitive cells to suppress the growth of resistant ones .
LONDON -- Politics trumped sensible economics in the United States this summer , when Congress and President Barack Obama could not agree on taxes , entitlements , deficits , or an investment stimulus .
In 2010 , the International Monetary Fund estimated that a coordinated approach to macroeconomic , trade , and structural policies could achieve 5.5 % higher global GDP , create 25-50 million additional jobs , and lift 90 million people out of poverty .
Put another way , ten years ago the US engine could drive the world economy , and ten years from now the emerging-market countries stand to take over that role , particularly given the rising purchasing power of their middle classes .
While Putin 's policies could have been much worse -- it is legitimate to give him credit where it is due -- Russia should not be allowed to take the West for granted .
So it is difficult to see how this path could lead to the collective and individual identity that European unification requires .
Such questions could be the topic of a consultative referendum held simultaneously in all member states .
The time may not be ripe for a true European constitution , but confronting , rather than evading , the fundamental issues that the EU faces could create a context for reviving the constitutional treaty and preparing the Union for the challenges of our time .
Drafting a new constitutional treaty would probably require even more time than was needed for the current proposal , and it is also unlikely that the necessary changes could be introduced through an intergovernmental conference .
In other words , the current `` pause for reflection '' is not the time to change the draft 's text -LRB- although the intergovernmental conference could move the third part , which harmonizes the earlier treaties , to an annex -RRB- .
The European Council , which represents member states in the structures of the Union , could be given a more public character .
It could then be seen , in a bicameral system , as a kind of `` Chamber of Nations '' within the framework of what Jacques Delors called a `` federation of nation states . ''
The time may not have come for a true European constitution , but confronting , rather than evading , the fundamental issues that the EU faces could create the proper context for reviving the constitutional treaty and preparing the Union for the challenges of our time .
It would spare America and the world , in the words of Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz , `` the danger that Iraq 's weapons of mass terror could fall into the hands of terrorists . ''
By attacking Iraq , the US could win the armed confrontation with Hussein , but probably lose the broader - and more vital - political struggle for the future of the country .
Even a comfortable Piñera victory could be reversed on the January 17th run-off , as Frei and Enríquez-Ominami are essentially splitting the center-left vote .
Piñera 's victory was aided by the sclerosis of the Concertación , which ran as its candidate the Christian Democrat Eduardo Frei , the least popular of its four presidents of the last two decades . -LRB- The current and popular Socialist president , Michelle Bachelet , could not legally run for reelection . -RRB-
Her popularity , plus the toll that holding office might take on the Coalición , could turn the Concertación 's recent narrow defeat into a future victory .
I could easily burn this place and move on with no regrets . ''
Egypt 's history could support this role .
A direct attack on poverty can yield a double dividend : in reducing human misery , it could spark growth , thereby creating more political space for direct poverty reduction .
Second , regional policies that promote `` balanced '' growth could lower overall growth , thereby impeding poverty reduction .
South Asia is at a critical stage in its historical transformation , when deepening economic disparities could stifle growth itself .
We could also add a third , related , question : are Latin America 's governments preparing for that day ?
The combination of the estimated increase in the world 's population by two billion people , lower transport costs , better connectivity , and growing transnational social and economic networks could and should lead to increased movement of people .
Opening borders completely could produce gains as high as $ 39 trillion for the world economy over 25 years .
Done properly , the proceedings of the Extraordinary Chambers could have further positive ramifications by contributing to lasting changes in Cambodia 's ordinary courts .
The only positive result that may emerge from such a structural change could be that the number of anti-terrorist formations will grow .
For Russia , this could mean -LRB- in the best case -RRB- tens of thousands of refugees or -LRB- in the worst case -RRB- the arrival of armed militias on its territory .
Perhaps , in a future of peaceful coexistence and open borders , there could even be Jewish communities with autonomous administrations in the territories , just as there are such Arab communities in Israel now : the Jews that stay on would be foreign residents in the Palestinian state and subject to its laws .
On the basis of the average price of a home in Israel -LRB- approximately 280,000 euros per family -RRB- , one could estimate a total cost of 7-9 billion euros .
Within the framework of an overall settlement of the conflict , a number of countries could contribute to this sum : the United States and the European Union countries , as well as Saudi Arabia and the other Gulf states .
By purchasing the settlers ' homes , they could then hand them over to Palestinian refugees settling in the future state of Palestine .
The presidential poll to be held on October 11 could help Liberia determine a new course .
Investment this year could reach a record-high 30 % of GDP , and changes in education , health , and justice have transformed society .
But what could take the place of the stable exchange rate as an anchor for monetary policy and for tying down inflation expectations ?
How could such a framework be operated effectively in an economy in which financial sector problems have weakened the monetary transmission mechanism ?
Although full modernization of the financial sector is a long way off even in the best of circumstances , the minimal reforms that we recommend could strengthen the banking system sufficiently in the near term to support a more flexible exchange rate anchored by an inflation objective .
There is some risk that appreciation of the exchange rate if greater flexibility were allowed could precipitate deflation .
Having an independent monetary policy that could counteract boom-and-bust cycles would be the best way for China to deal with such risks .
An unusual meeting of scientists took place in Paris this summer , when scientists gathered to brainstorm about the need for a new science , one that could be as revolutionary as Einstein 's insights were a century ago .
It is usually assumed that developing economies need to build resources that emulate those in the developed world , but this could actually stifle the most creative thinking .
Some of those innovations will eventually trickle into the mainstream , so a glimpse at current experiments can reveal what the future of ordinary computer interaction could look like , and what would be gained .
Notions such as `` wooden structure '' and `` beauty '' were indicated by symbols which , when combined , could create a new concept , such as `` form . ''
Or it could indicate the reliability of data based on whether it was laid out neatly or had a scrambled appearance , so it could be assessed at a glance .
There are several examples of the kind of phenomena that , with the benefit of new insight , could lead to unexpected energy sources .
With such a fresh perspective on matter , new potentials could emerge .
But a better understanding of biological `` information flow '' could help us use methane clathrate in ways that could actually counter global warming .
Rather than a single laboratory , such a program could be a distributed virtual enterprise , taking advantage of the sort of innovative industrial collaboration in which China currently excels .
After the relief effort , this complex human balance was replaced by a cash economy , and the power brokers became those who could dole out the rare , precious petrol .
Bacteria , prions , parasites , and even environmental factors could suddenly change in a way that slays us .
Rich countries could justify the expense in terms of the savings that would result from early detection of a major threat .
This means that tinkering with the content of porn could be in the national interest , under certain circumstances .
The Disappearing Sky Some months ago , an American astronaut accidentally let a tool escape into orbit , eliciting concern about its hazardous potential as a hurtling object that could destroy an expensive satellite or even threaten lives aloft .
This situation would be disastrous if it could not be closely managed , because people would broadcast on top of one another .
The East-West arms race had created an explosive situation . Nuclear deterrents could have failed at any moment .
The phrase `` the day after '' is most commonly associated with the word `` hangover . '' The absence of a binding agreement could mean a global hangover , and not just for a day .
Indeed , the evolution of Russian society could transform Russian politics , despite those domestic opponents who deny change or those who unqualifiedly classify Russia as `` incorrigibly authoritarian . ''
MOSCOW -- Twenty-five years ago this month , I sat across from Ronald Reagan in Reykjavik , Iceland to negotiate a deal that would have reduced , and could have ultimately eliminated by 2000 , the fearsome arsenals of nuclear weapons held by the United States and the Soviet Union .
I learned during those two long days in Reykjavik that disarmament talks could be as constructive as they are arduous .
Without these purchases , the US might face a rise in domestic interest rates that could threaten both its economic recovery and the global economy .
As a starting point , the RCB should be charged with projecting inflation , formulate policies to stabilize prices , and either implement those polices or explain why it can not and who could do so .
France could handle globalization , if not for the French state .
This , in turn , could lead to difficulties in financing say , the external debt , because other sources of revenue will be hard to find and expensive to fill in an environment so severely damaged in confidence .
Should oil prices continue to surge , however , the downturn among major oil consuming economies could be more prolonged .
One of Monnet 's first actions was to declare that modernization could not be attained while the French worked such short hours ; a 45-hour working week was the minimum that was necessary .
But Europe and the euro could are increasingly catalysts for public resentment .
Such spending risks absorb productive resources that could be employed more efficiently elsewhere .
Had the goal been mere recovery of tax arrears , there would have been no need to break up the company : Yukos could have settled even these colossal liabilities on a civilized installment schedule .
Putin 's geopolitical preoccupations could be accommodated by sensibly preserving state ownership of pipeline infrastructure in the hydrocarbons sector , while allowing private companies to extract , process , and sell Russia 's oil and gas .
The Other Switzerland BRUSSELS -- As policymakers scratch their heads and wonder how best to absorb different cultures and religions into Europe 's very distinct national societies , they could do worse than consider some new ideas being developed in Switzerland .
But where Neuchatel could serve as a model is in its hands-on attitude to helping foreigners fit in by making it easy for people to learn the local language , opening the voting booths to all , and encouraging foreigners to represent their country 's communities .
In 1992 , the State Council , seeking to stop mass privatization , ruled that two-thirds of the equity capital of restructured state-owned enterprises -LRB- SOEs -RRB- had to be issued to state organs and could not be traded .
People in their twenties could borrow money to buy a house , start a family , and go on holiday , paying the money back when they are in their fifties and would much rather stay at home and enjoy their grandchildren .
Until recently , banks could offer only simple savings accounts .
The view that an individual gene could account for a complete biological trait is as old as genetics itself .
So the real issue is not whether we humans are servants of our genes , but rather our infatuation with the idea that our behavior could so easily be explained and predicted .
But if we are not , we could witness the emergence of a new and dangerous political fault line in East Asia .
Assuming a ratio of loans-to-capital of 2.4 times -- an estimate based on the ratio of the successful and financially sound Andean Development Corporation -- the expanded regional and sub-regional development banks or new ones could generate additional lending of approximately $ 120 billion .
With time , they could leverage retained earnings , increasing their lending potential without additional paid-in capital .
By expanding or creating new regional and sub-regional financial institutions , developing countries could lay the basis for their own current and future lending capacity , which would eventually help them meet their development goals .
Private sector providers , including NGOs and charities , could be awarded contracts on a competitive basis .
How could this happen when , at least on paper , all problems had seemingly been resolved during May 's extraordinary EU summit meeting , which created a European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- and ensured total funding of close to $ 1 trillion ?
If all the resources promised -LRB- ¤ 750 billion , including financing from the International Monetary Fund -RRB- were to be used fully , the EU could fully refinance all distressed countries -LRB- Portugal , Spain , and Ireland -RRB- for a couple of years .
The EU then went ahead on its own , introducing its path-breaking European Emission Trading System in the hope that Europe could lead by example .
Indeed , by 2020 , Chinese emissions could be more than triple those of Europe and even surpass those of the US and Europe combined .
It is thus not surprising that Europe could enact a cap-and-trade system that imposes a carbon price on a large part of its industry .
During the bubble years , the situation was exactly the opposite : most of the workers released by a rapidly shrinking manufacturing sector could be employed easily in construction and social services , which require only low skills -LRB- likewise , real-estate services demand only rather general skills -RRB- .
After the boom peaked in 1995 , one million construction workers were laid off and could not find jobs elsewhere .
The European Central Bank could also , perhaps , be involved , nominating the deputy of the eurozone executive director at the Fund .
And the French seem scared of contagion : once France agrees to a common eurozone seat at the IMF , others could cite it as a precedent to be applied to the United Nations Security Council , where France would then risk losing its permanent seat to a common EU representative .
Until now , the rest of world could only grumble at Europe 's obstinate refusal to recognize its relative decline .
Until now , it could be argued that the eurozone did not have a common fiscal agency that could represent common eurozone interests .
If , for example , Ireland -LRB- or Spain -RRB- needed emergency support , the other eurozone countries could simply agree to lend it their IMF quotas .
The troubled country could then rapidly obtain a large IMF loan , given that the eurozone countries ' quotas total about ¤ 60 billion -- and that IMF loans can easily reach multiples of the quota .
As long as exchange rates were fixed under the Bretton Woods system , the nature of that privilege was clear : the US was the only country that could freely determine its own monetary policy .
But , even under floating exchange rates , the US retained an advantage : given that the dollar remained the key global reserve currency , the US could finance large external deficits at very favorable rates .
Given the weakness of other European currencies , however , and Germany 's desire to keep markets open , there was very little that its officials could do .
Neither side is budging , although either could easily break the impasse .
The Chinese could abolish capital controls and let the renminbi 's exchange rate float .
But the US could easily end China 's privilege by restricting sales of Treasury -LRB- and other US -RRB- debt to the Chinese monetary authorities .
Such a move is likely to be effective , given the sheer size of Chinese interventions -LRB- hundreds of billions of US dollars annually -RRB- , which could not easily be recycled through offshore banks without exposing the China 's central bank to many other risks .
It could work .
BRUSSELS -- The first act of the eurozone debt drama was about whether any European Union member country could ever become insolvent .
The local value added to imports could thus easily equal their value .
This implies that an increase in imports of consumer goods equivalent to 10 % of GDP could generate an increase in measured GDP of about 10 % as well .
In a completely flexible economy , this drop in measured GDP -LRB- and the concomitant increase in unemployment -RRB- could be avoided if the resources formerly employed in selling imported consumer goods could quickly be used to generate exports .
Papandreou 's decision to call a referendum in Greece could thus have marked the beginning of the endgame for the euro .
How could such a global pattern emerge when real estate is the most local of all assets ?
This would give management considerable de facto independence , since under the one person , one vote principle the larger member countries could no longer block issues just because they are politically inconvenient .
For all decisions involving the resources of the Fund -LRB- lending to member countries or the size of quotas , etc. -RRB- , the existing decision-making procedure could remain unchanged .
The EMF -LRB- or rather ESF , as some have dubbed it , for European Stability Fund -RRB- could manage an orderly default of an EMU member country that fails to comply with the conditions attached to an adjustment program .
But , with an exchange à la Brady bonds , the losses to financial institutions would be limited -LRB- and could be controlled by the choice of the haircut given to creditors -RRB- .
Other EU transfer payments would also be disbursed by the EMF under strict scrutiny , or they could be used to pay down the defaulting country 's debt to the EMF .
The EMF could receive a levy that would be proportional to any fiscal deficit in excess of 3 % of GDP and public debt in excess of 60 % of GDP -- the caps imposed by the Stability and Growth Pact .
These two simple elements -- orderly default and a financing mechanism -- could resolve the current crisis within the euro zone : by creating a European Monetary Fund along these lines , the euro area would acquire an institution that could support member countries in difficulties , but that would also ensure that market discipline really worked .
Problems could arise only because of unanticipated shocks , temporary local political difficulties , and -- the favorite culprit -- irrational markets .
Provisions to coordinate national economic policies are probably less of a danger because they are so vague that they could well remain a dead letter .
By concentrating on policies to sustain integration while at the same preserving the European social model , the European Council would again become a relevant policy forum where the real needs and hopes of citizens could find effective responses .
Maradona 's helpless soul was suffocated by the people 's obsessive and suffocating love ; at the same time , he could n't live without that addictive drug .
Even when he could scarcely breathe with the help of an automatic respirator , Argentines wanted him to assume his role in their dark ritual : `` Show us a good time , bring our hearts some fun . ''
If myths could come true through sheer willpower , Cristina Kirchner , the wife of Argentine President Néstor Kircher , would already be a 21st-century Evita Perón .
Bill Clinton 's wife could run for president in 2008 , and Cristina could do the same in 2007 , if her husband does n't pursue re-election , or in 2011 , if he does , according to government officials .
If Néstor and Cristina alternate as heads of state , they could do so indefinitely , because Argentina 's constitution allows for only one consecutive reelection but no limit on the total number of electoral terms .
But the problem with `` ruling couples '' -- in Argentina and , perhaps , throughout the world -- is that no law or democratic constitution could envisage them .
Hyper-presidentialism , inbred politics , and a plan to keep power indefinitely through a legal technicality : all this could put the Kirchners on the same level with the `` caudillos for life '' that Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez has brought back to the Latin American scene .
The same Peronist caudillos that have obeyed her until now could start a war of succession if she does not find a way to continue in office .
Yet , to its immediate south , energy resources and raw materials are plentiful . A European energy community would accelerate Europe 's low-carbon transition and stimulate development of renewable energies . It could also eventually lead to a Euro-Mediterranean energy community -- one of the proposals made by the European Commission earlier this year .
Europe could finance more and better training to help meet its own labor shortages , while African countries would be able to provide employment for their young people . And a Euro-Mediterranean and Euro-African version of the Erasmus student-exchange program would not only attract African students to Europe , but would also boost European students ' interest in the development of the southern Mediterranean and Africa .
A Euro-Mediterranean Union leading to a Euro-African Union could open the way to balanced mutual development .
The Europeans could have tipped the balance decisively in favor of the reformers by finally rewarding the efforts of the pro-EU Turks at last December 's summit of EU leaders .
The Turkish government even attempted a regional initiative for a peaceful solution to the crisis , an effort no current EU member could have contemplated .
One read , `` Hakimiyet Allah ` indir , '' which roughly translates as `` Allah rules '' or `` power belongs to Allah , '' a slogan that could be identified with Islamist sentiments .
At the same time , Turks did not turn against Islam , as though this killing could be justified by religion .
Either we will write this history ourselves , or we will suffer through a dark era that could have been avoided .
Doctors have made many errors that they could have avoided had these principles been applied .
Doing so would most likely encourage trade , as happened in Europe with the arrival of the euro , and could help contain inflation -- which is always good for growth -- by imposing international discipline on monetary policy .
One recent study estimates that incomes in the US alone could rise by $ 500 billion a year if global trade were to become truly free . Similarly , incomes around the world would rise significantly from liberalizing more global trade in both goods and services .
Likewise , trade between India and Pakistan could contribute to the normalization of ties between these long-estranged neighbors .
By contrast , those who lose from trade , or who fear that they could lose , while relatively small in number , are anything but invisible .
Losing a country and a special place in the world is the sort of trauma that could lead to the emergence of extreme and potentially violent nationalism .
A new regional institution could be based on an existing one -LRB- such as the six-party arrangement used to manage North Korea 's nuclear challenge -RRB- or start afresh .
War in Iraq will only exacerbate frictions between the country 's Sunni minority and Shia majority , and such frictions could well be replicated elsewhere where Sunnis and Shia live side by side .
It is also possible that resistance to Iranian efforts to dominate Iraq could lead to a wider conflict that draws in Saudi Arabia , Egypt , and others . Such a conflict would threaten the vital flow of oil from the Middle East to the rest of the world .
There is a real danger that a widely-perceived failure in Iraq could lead to a serious weakening of American domestic political support for an active international role , particularly difficult but necessary deployments of military force .
Today 's diplomats could do worse than recall the warning of the great French statesman Talleyrand : '' Surtout , messieurs , point de zéle . '' Above all , not too much zeal .
Renewed interest in foreign policy and the rest of the world could surface if there were a dramatic overseas development .
Likewise , Iraq could return to center stage if the positive momentum of recent months were suddenly reversed , perhaps following a new outbreak of violence between the country 's Sunnis and Shia .
The US and Iran could go to war not over nuclear issues but because of reckless behavior by the Revolutionary Guards -LRB- as occurred recently in the Strait of Hormuz -RRB- , with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad possibly seeking to provoke a crisis in order to distract domestic attention from his economic failures .
Order in Pakistan could break down irretrievably .
The emergence of a non-polar world could prove to be mostly negative , making it more difficult to generate collective responses to pressing regional and global challenges . More decision makers make it more difficult to make decisions .
If internationally managed enriched-uranium or spent-fuel banks are established , countries could gain access to nuclear power but not come to control the material needed for bombs .
Security assurances and defensive systems could be provided to states that might otherwise feel compelled to develop their own nuclear programs to counter those of their neighbors .
And robust sanctions could be introduced to influence the behavior of would-be nuclear weapon states .
A WIO could encourage transparency on the part of investors , determine when national security is a legitimate reason for prohibiting or limiting investment , and establish a dispute-resolution mechanism .
Still , it is possible to discern some similarities between them , in part because some of their disagreements are not as pronounced as they seem , and in part because the constraints that the next president of the United States will face are certain to limit what either man could do in office .
Observers could be forgiven for thinking that they are speaking about two entirely different conflicts .
In a crisis , Israel or Iran could be tempted to use nuclear weapons out of fear that the other would if they did not .
There is also the chance that other countries such as Egypt or Saudi Arabia would develop or acquire nuclear weapons of their own . The United States could take steps to reduce these risks , including providing missile defense and security guarantees to selective countries , but it is far from clear that such efforts would succeed .
But some capability would likely survive , and the nuclear program could be rebuilt over several years in a manner that would make a second attack much more difficult .
Instead , it could be expected to retaliate by attacking US forces in Afghanistan and Iraq , unleashing terrorist attacks throughout the region and the world , and interrupting the flow of tanker traffic through the Strait of Hormuz .
The last thing the world economy needs is a $ 200 barrel of oil , but this could be the result .
It is conceivable that Iran could be allowed a symbolic `` right '' to enrich , but any enrichment program would have to be extremely small so as not to pose a strategic threat .
It would also need to be subject to highly intrusive inspections , so that the world could be confident that Iran was not secretly enriching uranium and developing nuclear weapons .
Economic sanctions that are hurting Iran 's troubled economy could be eased .
Security assurances could be provided to Iran and normal diplomatic relations between Iran and the US and others could be established .
Pakistan , which possesses dozens of nuclear weapons and is host to the world 's most dangerous terrorists , could become a failed state , as could nuclear-armed North Korea .
To him , intervention would have placed US soldiers in the midst of a complex domestic struggle , one that would have cost enormous resources to sort out if it could be sorted out at all .
The consequences of failure in Copenhagen could be considerable .
Over time , a failure to reduce greenhouse gas emissions would lead to additional climate change , which in turn would increase the severity of poverty , the scale of internal displacement and migration , the scarcity of water , the prevalence of disease , and the number and intensity of storms . The result could be more failed states and more conflict between states .
Mikhail Gorbachev could only have done what he did amidst a crisis of confidence .
Such an approach served the world well during the Cold War ; it could do the same now .
An open , market_oriented , and peaceful Iraq could also advance reform and growth across the entire region .
Sanctions alone , even those supported by the United Nations Security Council and backed by military force , could not persuade Saddam Hussein to withdraw from Kuwait , control of which was a major prize for him .
Nor could sanctions trigger a change in government in Baghdad .
A dollar crisis could weaken the foundations of American power .
But , by the time he did say it , the mood of the street had evolved to the point that he could no longer placate it .
And it is a region now experiencing what could prove to be historic domestic political upheavals .
Unrestrained zeal to make the world better could make it worse . Promoting democracy must be undertaken with humility , care , and wisdom .
Or that without the added food made possible by their discovery , the earth could only support about 4 billion people -- at least 2 billion less than today .
Foreign banks could never hope to achieve such comprehensive coverage without a local partner .
They will focus initially on sectors such as credit cards but could develop other joint ventures .
HSBC also announced a major investment in Ping An Insurance , which could set the stage for experiments with Bancassurance in the future .
The Bank of Communications ' performance suggests that China 's lending boom of 2003 and 2004 could lead to another wave of defaults this year and next .
Alhough the Bank of China curtailed its lending growth to only 6 % last year because of concerns about credit quality , many new local banks have expanded their lending aggressively , and could now suffer huge losses as the economy slows and firms ' solvency weakens .
But China slowed capital-account liberalization after the Asian financial crisis ten years ago , so it is possible that America 's troubles could make China more cautious .
It could have helped to contain the current crisis if it had accepted invitations to invest in Lehman Brothers , but , given its previous losses on Wall Street , it declined .
If marijuana were allowed to be marketed much like alcohol is now , we could expect more problem users than if it were regulated more like pharmaceutical drugs -LRB- say , by requiring users to be licensed ; restricting the number of sales locations , hours of sale , and licensed growers ; and imposing high rates of taxation on higher-THC marijuana -RRB- .
To assure the experts that they could talk without fear , the Resolution gave the inspectors the authority to bring entire families out of the country .
Perhaps most worrying of all , if the stalemate over Cyprus continues , it could end Turkey 's chances of joining the EU , as Greek Cypriot intransigence has given succor to other member states that want to keep Turkey out .
At the same time , there are concerns raised by one side that could be settled without any difficulty for the other side .
But neglect of Cyprus could have serious consequences , especially if its continued division keeps Turkey outside the EU .
Its population lives in fear of bombings and suicide attacks -- the next one could be at the local mosque , an internet café , or a roadside restaurant .
I believe that a stability pact for the region could help to match what was achieved a decade ago in the Balkans .
It held that Europe 's peoples could not be divided in terms of human dignity .
This position also opened another front in the Church 's battle with Eastern European Orthodox Christianity , which lent theological support to vampire myths by teaching that non-decomposed bodies could not go to heaven and could be revivified by the devil .
From here , the line could be drawn to capitalists , Jews , women - the vamp - and politicians .
At the same time , people 's irrational fears and secret desires could not be suppressed .
The uproar caused by O'Neill 's reckless comments finally forced President Bush to order John Taylor -- the Treasury 's second in charge -- to visit Argentina on a fact-finding mission , but the facts could have been found much earlier had there been any concern .
But if the alternative view is right , America 's Treasury irresponsibly fueled bearish market expectations by bad-mouthing serious reform efforts and by denying the financial assistance that could have prevented them from becoming self-fulfilling .
Is it not meaningless to insist on a cordon sanitaire at a time when hundreds of transcontinental missiles could destroy Moscow from Nevada , or New York from the Urals , in a matter of minutes ?
Communist leaders insisted that the system was the result of history 's objective laws , which could not be challenged , and those who refused this logic were punished - just in case .
The fall of Communism was an opportunity to create more effective global political institutions based on democratic principles - institutions that could stop what appears to be , in its current form , the self-destructive tendency of our industrial world .
That means that tomorrow it could bid for contracts to build missile bases on the coast of the People 's Republic of China .
The following day it could allow its decisions on Chechnya to be dictated by Russian President Vladimir Putin 's advisers .
Then , for some unknown reason , it could make its assistance to Africa conditional on fraternal ties with the worst African dictators .
Indeed , this could be the best contribution they can make to the common spiritual , moral , and political foundations of a united Europe .
That is how this year 's Olympics could contribute to a greater openness and respect for international standards of human rights and liberties in the host country .
Indeed , it is our belief that the recent death sentences could mark the onset of an avalanche of highly doubtful Court rulings in Tibet , which could lead to a worrying number of executions in that tense and troubled region .
By its own admission , Al Qaeda has been caught off guard , no doubt because the group 's central argument has been that the fall of oppressive Arab governments could come only through violence .
Should chaos of the kind witnessed in Libya occur in the Persian Gulf countries , for example , the world could literally come to a standstill , given the quantity of oil that they supply .
The discovery could also work to prevent hereditary breast cancer cells from growing into tumors .
Thus , while the use of PARP inhibitors to treat established tumors may be feasible within a few years , we could have to wait at least a decade before a prophylactic treatment for inherited breast cancer is widely available .
It follows , then , that the right to equality could be violated even where another legal right -- to , say , housing or employment -- does not exist .
And some analysts in Seoul believe that a dicey political succession in Pyongyang , combined with food shortages in the countryside , could prove too much for the North Korean regime to handle .
For this reason , the issues facing South Korean public opinion as it decides whether to help with food assistance are not easy ; indeed , they could be quite wrenching .
If so , and if denying food aid would result in a famine that the North Korean regime could not withstand , what could such a decision mean for eventual relations among Korean peoples living in the northern and southern parts of a unified country ?
In the coming weeks , South Korea 's government will confront one of the toughest choices that any government can face : whether the short-term cost in human lives is worth the potential long-term benefits -LRB- also in terms of human lives -RRB- that a famine-induced collapse of North Korea could bring .
How Obama manages calls from both the left and the right for more action could well shape the environment in which the process -- owned and managed by Arabs -- eventually unfolds .
In time , however , the changes might amount to less than was first hoped , and could actually bring about a situation that arguably is worse than the status quo ante -LRB- the French Revolution , the Bolshevik Revolution , and the Iranian Revolution come to mind -RRB- .
Thus , an argument could be made that during this delicate time of transition , and in the complete absence of any indication of progress , the peace process might well benefit -- at least for the time being -- from stalemate , if not benign neglect .
There has been considerable discussion about how regional developments could eventually affect the peace process .
But the absence of a peace process could also eventually influence internal developments in Middle East countries undergoing reform .
We should not ignore how the absence of a peace process could ultimately erode the fragile -LRB- and by no means universal -RRB- gains in the rest of the Arab world .
But the absence of a peace process could encourage its return .
NATO Must Prevail DENVER -- US Secretary of Defense Robert Gates 's recent prognosis of a `` dim '' and `` dismal '' future for NATO has triggered much debate , but it could well prove optimistic .
Nobody involved in the Kosovo operation thought otherwise , or entertained the idea that NATO could give up .
Then , with Labor in power , Brown could expect in due time to receive the mantle .
It is possible that intense states of emotion could pre-select and perhaps elicit from the brain certain verbal messages having the same emotional charge .
It could be that these powerful emotional states increase the propensity of the brain to produce corresponding verbal `` messages . ''
A Boycott Against Reason `` It could happen here '' is the shorthand phrase frequently used for a variety of alarming hypothetical scenarios .
`` How could this happen here ? '' was the question more pertinently asked in Great Britain recently , as its universities witnessed the unfolding of an all-too-real and perplexing action .
For the only time that long night , I addressed Karadzic directly , telling him that we worked only for President Bill Clinton and that he could call Carter if he wished but that we would leave and that the bombing would intensify .
Only a full-scale occupation could possibly eliminate the pockets from which terrorists plot their murderous acts .
The impressive counter-intelligence skills of the September 11th terrorists , as well as the coordination of their attack with the September 9th assassination of Massoud , the leader of the anti-Taliban forces in the North of Afghanistan , suggests , at least to those who doubt that Osama bin Laden could have pulled off such an operation without state sponsorship , an important role of the KGB-trained Iraqi intelligence .
Overlapping spheres of influence and frozen conflicts could again cause major conflict .
China needs a mature strategic dialogue , particularly with the EU . This will not rescue the partnership , but at least it could help define common interests , identify policy options , and create the conditions to achieve results .
Cultivating high expectations without progress could even be dangerous .
In the long run , the growing expectation gap would aggravate the inevitable setbacks , and political leaders who championed closer relations could even be replaced by hard-liners .
However , if the war drags on , if Baghdad comes under siege with heavy civilian casualties - or if weapons of mass destruction are actually used - all bets could be off .
Thus the mystery : how could Dr. Khan - who had no need to possess weapons design information - have handed over detailed bomb design documents to Libya ?
Dr. Khan 's proliferation activitiesIt could scarcely be more blatant .
Likewise , according to the Pakistani ambassador in Washington , military strikes by the United States aimed at al-Qaeda and Taliban havens inside Pakistan 's tribal areas would destabilize Pakistan and `` possibly could bring -LRB- General Pervez Musharraf -RRB- down . ''
Many suspect that an engineered bloodbath that leads to army intervention , and the declaration of a national emergency , could serve as a pretext to postpone the October 2007 elections .
This could make way for Musharraf 's dictatorial rule to continue into its eighth year -- and perhaps well beyond .
The chief negotiator appointed by Musharraf , Chaudhry Shujaat Husain , described the burqa brigade kidnappers as `` our daughters , '' with whom negotiations would continue and against whom `` no operation could be contemplated . ''
However , such a threat could be used for creating the fear of Islam among sinful women .
For a small investment , we could start to make it yesterday 's problem .
The diagnostic criteria could simply extend the current bereavement exclusion to cover conditions that develop after other losses and that are not especially severe or enduring .
The world 's top scientists could not have spoken more strongly .
Replacing this oil at market prices could cost more than $ 600 million a year .
Fahed al-Fanek , a leading Jordanian economist , estimates that the war could cost Jordan as much as 25 % of its GDP , about $ 2 billion .
Such losses could be devastating . Increased debt and budget deficits are one likely result , putting at risk the accomplishments of more than a decade of effort to reform the economy .
But since 1998 , there has been a procedure within the Treaties - called enhanced co-operation - that could allow some members to go ahead with further integration in a specific area without involving every other member .
The West has wasted decades , missing countless chances to establish regimes that could empower Arab liberal and democratic forces .
Obama 's praise of Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak as a man with whom one could do business demoralized Egyptian opposition groups , which have been struggling against the long-serving autocrat and his efforts to ensure that his son , Gamal Mubarak , succeeds him .
NATO 's presidents and prime ministers could simply cross the Baltic Sea from Riga for a half-day Afghanistan summit with the EU in Helsinki .
Their cause could no longer be ignored .
It is as if in death , Arafat has given his people a chance to achieve what he could not achieve in life -- the dream of an independent democratic Palestinian state .
Such a massive foreign influx into so hermetic a country could not but have a significant domestic impact .
Since autocratic regimes in the Middle East left little room for free expression , the mosque emerged as the only place where people could freely congregate .
Revenge killings by militias , score-settling between militias , and battles over turf and resources could inflict still more agony on Afghanistan .
We could not afford to raise salaries or provide subsidies for everybody .
But when we had to modernize our tax system , we could not find the required expertise anywhere in our country .
If we Indonesians had not been in charge of our own transition , it could easily have failed .
The existence of these health benefits implies a dramatic reduction in the net cost of taking strong action to mitigate climate change -- which means that failure to understand their importance could have serious environmental consequences .
Individuals infected with BSE who remain in an asymptomatic state during their lives could represent a risk to others of potential secondary transmission of variant CJD through blood transfusion or surgery .
In this highly uncertain environment , monetary policy decisions which did not rely on a solid framework could have been misguided . This posed a risk of substantial policy errors , which would have constituted a deadly blow on reputation , the most important capital of any central bank .
It would be strange to suggest that any central bank could ignore the information from money .
How could central banks , which depend on these financial markets to serve as the transmission mechanism of monetary policy , possibly rely on such models ?
From past experience with national currencies , Europeans could have expected that any of these shocks would trigger a severe crisis in foreign-exchange markets .
Instead , the euro achieved what it was meant to achieve : the crisis was contained , because it could not inflict damage on foreign-exchange markets within the euro area .
Equally ominous , the banning of hundreds of candidates for alleged ties to the Baath Party signals a return to sectarian politics , which could reignite a sectarian civil war .
In the end , South Korea was saved by coordinated forced rollovers of foreign banks ' lending -LRB- why not try that in Greece ? -RRB- , and Indonesia experienced financial meltdown , because the country could not fulfill much of the IMF 's conditionality .
Europeans now have a regional monetary fund , which Asians wanted but could not have .
But if they continue to resist , China may face hot trade disputes with the US , which could be even messier .
So Uribe could not defend the new military agreement .
In what could have been a landmark victory that would open the doors of opportunity for Europe 's Roma , the Strasbourg Court instead chose to keep Roma locked out of a decent education .
In the fall of 2001 , when fighting broke out between the Taliban and the Northern Alliance , I could not travel and was stranded at a roadside teahouse for several weeks .
Regional integration could contribute to higher growth in two ways .
Energy projects also could be strengthened , given that energy needs are expected to grow even faster south of the Mediterranean than in Europe .
In the earlier rounds of European integration , from the 1950 's to the 1980 's , the big states received very obvious gains , which their politicians could easily present as such to voters .
The idea was that an individual could buy a computer and the software needed for a specific -LRB- and increasingly complicated -RRB- purpose , and immediately generate a productive result .
Individuals could realize themselves , as in the old nineteenth-century model , but only to the extent that they interacted with as many other people as possible .
Some thinkers , most notably Max Weber , floated the idea that capitalism must be sustained by a value system that could not initially be created from within .
As a result , an Internet browser -- and , indeed , other media software -- could be integrated into the Windows framework as an entire software package .
When IBM launched its personal computer , it could easily have bundled it together with its own operating software , and in this way maintained its dominance .
Hank Paulson , who came to America 's Treasury from the strongest US investment bank , Goldman Sachs , made the purgation gamble in allowing Lehman Brothers to go under . He argued that the US could not tolerate a bailout culture .
Only they could quickly come to the assistance of the giant housing finance institutions US Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , and then deal with AIG .
As with their investments , the habitués of contemporary art markets relied not purely on their own judgment , but on teams of sophisticated advisers and dealers who could give opinions on what trends best caught the spirit of the age .
The use of new techniques and new equipment meant that agricultural and industrial activities could become much more productive , thereby employing fewer people and generating less macro-economic vulnerability .
Consequently , many economists and politicians concluded that paper money could be more easily controlled and more stable .
As a result , people assumed that the problem of monetary stability had been solved , and that they could pile up assets and then use them as collateral to borrow ever-larger sums .
They agreed that protectionism was obviously a vice , but thought that it was a necessary one that could not be addressed without monetary stability .
In adverse economic circumstances , governments felt vulnerable and unsure , and they could not afford to alienate public support .
In the 1930 's , it was the autocratic and belligerent governments of Germany and Japan that could derive the most capital from the failure of the London conference .
Things could always be set right retrospectively .
The analogy popularized by the great monetarist economist Milton Friedman was that the central bank could always deal with deflationary problems by dropping money from a helicopter .
Consumption became primarily an individual phenomenon through which people could distinguish themselves .
In fact , it could be called `` Tom Fordism , '' after the young American designer who realized the iconic potential of the Italian fashion house of Gucci .
Nobody outside the US could force it to restrain either its monetary policy , which was becoming increasingly expansive under President Richard Nixon , or its fiscal policy , marked by mushrooming deficits due to the costs of the Vietnam war .
Europe tried this combination , and found that even in a regional setting it could not be fully realized .
This did not , however , imply a return to the 1930 's , in large part because energy dependence forced industrial countries to maintain an open trade regime so that they could earn the money to pay for oil and gasoline .
In the 2000 's boom , as in the 1960 's , it looked as if everyone could live on the never-never .
The 1960 's analogy raises the question of whether and when a new major international currency could emerge .
The lesson of the 1960 's suggests that a fully convertible renminbi could rapidly become a major international reserve currency .
Kindleberger , a kind and well-meaning man , could never see that the world is never entirely grateful to the country that saves it .
Europeans , especially in France , drew the opposite conclusion that intervention could be useful if it were intended to get exchange rates right .
That was why monetary policy could be managed with greater flexibility .
Banks had reassured themselves with the belief that countries could not become insolvent .
It was only at this moment that real lending for new projects could really begin .
If Europe could show -- in the worst possible scenario of sovereign default -- how such a process might operate , uncertainty would be reduced and markets would be reassured .
Did German Defense Minister Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg have to tell the truth about the massive plagiarism that pervaded his doctoral thesis , or could a lie be justified because he was performing an important government job ?
States could apparently almost magically create security and trust simply by imposing it .
In that case , new profits could quickly be used to plug the gaps , and no one would ever know about an apparently successful deception .
We once thought they could .
Why not avoid seven years of misery , and begin some similar rescue operation now that could lead to a return to economic vigor and dynamism ?
The most obvious answer is that at an earlier stage in the Latin American saga , the banks simply could not have afforded to take such losses on their capital .
It was the willingness of some large financial institutions to trade in discounted debt that established a market that could clear out the legacy of past mistakes .
In Germany , the Dresdner Bank and the Landesbanken could not afford to take such a hit .
It is tempting to conclude that appointing a well-connected figure from an emerging-market economy could solve the problem .
The same kind of unrest , in which the countryside is pitted against the town , with both sides demanding more rights , could undermine the political order in China and other big emerging-market economies .
There is obviously no guarantee that the oldest son is the best businessman , and the result could be bitter and ferocious sibling rivalry .
As a result of globalization , large family firms could increase their size and their geographic range .
In 2007-2008 , it was homeowners who could not keep up with payments ; now it is governments .
They could thus guarantee -- also on behalf of other creditors -- that the state 's finances were solid , and that debts would be repaid .
And that is why many of them could be paying much more for credit tomorrow .
Private-sector lending became hard to mobilize , because there were many more creditors than in the bank-dominated world of the 1980 's , when negotiations could be conducted by just a few big players .
After that , the IMF began to encourage some countries to renegotiate debt rather than seek new money , at least if they were relatively small scale borrowers such as Ukraine or Pakistan and thus could not endanger the whole system .
And there is no longer-term vision of how the fiscal integration needed for the effective operation of a monetary union could be achieved in a practical timeframe .
The success of stabilization efforts could then be assessed according to the price of the new currency .
But Germany also swamped world 's markets with mass consumption goods : cheaper musical instruments than the traditional makers in France or Italy could produce , and lithographic prints used for Christmas cards and seaside postcards .
Today 's tools for improving health are so powerful and inexpensive that health conditions could be reasonably good even in poor countries if policymakers spent even relatively little in the right places .
Spending $ 200 million could avert several hundred thousand deaths , yielding benefits that are 25 times higher than the costs .
Spending a billion dollars on such initiatives could save one million lives annually and create economic benefits worth more than $ 20 billion a year .
Stealth bombers and fighters , meanwhile , use freon fuel additives to reduce the number of exhaust particles that could otherwise be detected by enemy sensors .
Such effects could be reinforced by the addition of metals to the oil in order to confuse bombs ' guidance systems .
Concern about the environmental consequences of war probably started after the first atomic bombs were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki at World War Two 's end , when no one knew how long lasting the radioactive contamination would be or what clean-up measures could be taken .
Bread could be and sometimes was .
So the farmers dumped grain wherever they could -- along roadsides , in irrigation canals , in rivers .
At hospitals throughout the country , doctors concluded that there was nothing they could do .
Thus , when they saw and heard that doctors could n't help , people brought their sick family member home .
For rare animals with specific reproduction sites , like marine turtles , the tsunami 's effects could spell extinction .
Blowouts were not infrequent , but most occurred on land or in shallow water , and most could be stopped relatively easily .
Pemex tried to put a device called a `` sombrero '' over the Ixtoc leak to collect the oil at the ocean floor , but the plan failed because the structure could not be kept in place .
In the case of Deepwater Horizon , a huge dome could be put in place , despite the greater depth , thanks to deployment of modern unmanned underwater vehicles , robots , and positioning tools , but the formation of methane hydrates clogged the device and rendered it useless .
Yet we have a tax that could prevent hundreds of millions of premature deaths . It is time to use it .
Finally , historical issues could still resurface to cause new problems .
Littered with a host of extremely sensitive anniversaries , 2009 could prove even more dramatic and unpredictable than 2008 .
But the foreign-policy consequences could be even greater .
The Sherman Act itself did not change this situation overnight , but , once President Theodore Roosevelt decided to take up the cause , it became a powerful tool that could be used to break up industrial and transportation monopolies .
By levying a tax on consumption at each stage of the production chain , America could reduce the overconsumption that helped feed the recent credit bubble , encouraging savings and investment instead .
The International Monetary Fund estimates that this form of value-added tax could bring in between 0.5 and one percentage point of GDP in revenue .
A relatively small change in the parameters of this program could lower its future costs , as was done in the 1980 's .
The good collateral meant that banks could hold these debts at par on their balance sheets .
Europe could take this route .
Rather than continuing to pile new debts onto bad debts , the EU stabilization fund could be used to collateralize such new par bonds .
Creditors could be offered these par bonds , or a shorter-term bond with a higher coupon -- but with debt principal marked down .
The new bonds could be known as Trichet or Merkel\/Sarkozy or Honohan bonds -- whatever works to build consensus .
The Germans and other Europeans insist that they will provide new official financing to insolvent countries , thus keeping current bondholders whole , while simultaneously creating a new regime after 2013 under which all this debt could be easily restructured .
There may be some temporary positive impact on demand , or higher interest rates could offset the entire fiscal push -- rates on the benchmark 10-year Treasury bond are up significantly from a month ago -LRB- from 3.21 % to 4.16 % -RRB- , when the discussion of tax cuts began in earnest .
In December , the Republican minority on the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission -LRB- FCIC -RRB- , weighed in with a preemptive dissenting narrative . According to this group , misguided government policies , aimed at increasing homeownership among relatively poor people , pushed too many into taking out subprime mortgages that they could not afford .
Yet , in many ways , accumulating reserves worked better than anyone could have imagined -- countries found that they could withstand considerable shocks and growth was impressive both domestically and globally .
So , within a few years , many countries concluded that their pegs could work fine if supported by large enough war chests of official reserves .
There is no company in the US that would be unaffected by a government default -- and no bank or other financial institution that could provide a secure haven for savings .
Either it could step in and provide an enormous amount of credit directly to households and firms -LRB- much like Gosbank , the Soviet Union 's central bank -RRB- , or it could stand by idly while GDP falls 20-30 % -- the magnitude of decline that we have seen in modern economies when credit suddenly dries up .
The government , on the other hand , has access to the Fed , and could therefore get its hands on cash to pay wages .
Greek banks would need to be recapitalized , but then they could make new loans again .
The failure of such a bank could be managed in a more orderly fashion by using a cross-border resolution authority .
Iran could easily do what Japan does -- hold enrichment facilities in readiness to make a bomb without actually doing so . Or , like India in 1974 , it might wait a long time , then dash to the finish line and conduct an atomic test .
I felt a prodigious , restless energy that I suspected he could not turn off if he wanted to . Soon after I began to recount my observations , he took me to a map of Vietnam and asked me to locate the areas of destruction .
Many of McNamara 's critics assert -- rightly , I think -- that he stopped short of full understanding , that he sought to hold fast to claims of noble intentions that the record could not sustain .
In a memo of 1964 , he wrote that `` the political damage to Truman and Acheson from the fall of China arose because most Americans came to believe that we could and should have done more than we did to prevent it .
-LRB- What could be less conservative than that ? -RRB-
When the ransom could not be raised , one was beheaded .
The common expression in France that great rivers are created out of tiny streams captures the sort of strategy for countering global warming through sustainable development that I believe could be effective .
Local actions that are then developed as part of an exchange between cities could have a global impact in the long term .
For all of their success , South Africa 's mini-taxis could not escape high accident rates , violent incidents over un-commissioned routes and fare levels , and tax evasion , which imposed high costs on society , prompting the government to regulate the service .
This is a key conclusion of the 2003\/2004 African Economic Outlook , published recently by the OECD . While almost half of Africa 's 53 countries could profitably produce hydropower , only 7 % of this potential is reached because of poor infrastructure and the high costs of initial investments .
To some extent , what North African countries are experiencing , it could be argued , is the classic middle-income-country trap , with economic performance constrained and undermined by limited economic transformation towards higher value-added production and insufficient political , social , and economic inclusion .
Foreign and domestic investments could decline further as a result of uncertainty , and the region 's financial sectors and stock markets could come under even more stress .
All of this could have a significant impact on poor and vulnerable segments of the population , compounded by possible hikes in food prices and a further rise in unemployment .
We could all be morally better , but it is clear that this traditional approach can not take us much further .
It would be ideal if individuals could freely explore different ways to improve themselves , whether by practicing mindfulness , reading moral philosophy , or , yes , by taking a ` morality ' pill .
They could just come and take you away and take everything away from you . ''
But the strategy of embracing `` poor-friendly '' policies that deliver little real relief could backfire .
It is conceivable that Mayawati Kumari , the self-appointed `` goddess '' of the poor whose low-caste-based party , the BSP , swept to power last year with a clear majority in Uttar Pradesh , could be the biggest winner in an early election .
However , like-minded mid-level powers with similar intentions could complement what the UN or the US lacks , effectively generating sufficient clout to stabilize the global security environment .
Such practical proposals address key global issues , including international terrorism , strengthening of mechanisms for arms control , arms reduction , and non-proliferation , efforts to contain attempts by North Korea and Iran to develop nuclear weapons , encouraging transparency in China 's military , restraining Russia 's imperial ambitions , and building a global ballistic missile defense network against missiles that could be launched by rogue regimes .
In particular , this could mean the introduction of what has so far been viewed as somewhat taboo equipment , such as light aircraft carriers or nuclear submarines .
This could be a grave mistake .
With this in mind , the North Koreans ' motives in playing the nuclear trump card are clear , and the timing could n't have seemed more advantageous for them : force the Americans into making concessions while the situation in Iraq leaves the US with no room for maneuver , and undercut the rising call in Japan for economic sanctions against North Korea over the abduction issue .
In The Influence of Sea Power upon History , published in 1890 , Mahan argued that maritime power and economic development were deeply intertwined . Only the ability to protect trade and project power by sea could assure the vitality of this nexus .
Ultimately , it is feared that the SCO could develop into a military alliance similar to the Warsaw Pact of the Cold War era , with an embryonic `` Great China Union '' at its core .
The time when Japan could remain on the sidelines is over .
Even in the dark years after Vietnam in the late 1970 's and early 1980 's , there was a sense that America could still make its economic choices without much reference to the wider world .
Two years ago , Russians could look at the world with satisfaction .
For example , the Ukraine debacle could have been avoided had we evaluated the political situation in a timely manner and backed the candidate who was practically certain to win .
It is unlikely , for example , that Ukraine could remain without a demarcated border with Russia .
The combination of a new security arrangement for the Euro-Atlantic community and the establishment of the Union of Europe could arrest the decline in the international weight of the West .
But the danger that any conflict could escalate into a nuclear confrontation prevented reckless and dangerous behavior on both sides on more than one occasion .
Russia will not be able to develop the region on its own . And developing it with China alone could prove to be a dangerous strategy .
Good US-Russian relations , however , could strengthen both countries , and especially Russia .
Russia could also play the role of a `` transatlantic integrator , '' mediating the various conflicts and differences in the traditional Atlantic community .
A similar bridging role could perhaps be played by Russia with respect to China and India , with which we should establish maximally close relations .
Institutionalizing the G-8 and providing it with executive functions could best provide the external impetus that is needed .
That way , the world 's poor could at least avoid the heavy-handed conditionality imposed by the IMF and World Bank .
An Old Problem on China 's New Frontier WARSAW -- Had the August 1991 putsch against Mikhail Gorbachev not failed , the riots and death recently seen in Xinjiang could have been taking place in Russia .
Only its own citizens could do that , but Herzen 's package deal seems to prevent that : just like the Tibetans , the Uighurs elicit not Han solidarity , but a braying for their blood -- somewhat understandable , given that ordinary Han in Lhasa and Urumqi were made to pay with their own for China 's misdeeds .
One seemingly unrelated event to watch : in the week before the presidential vote , Iran will play two critical football matches as part of the qualifying round for the 2010 World Cup . If Iran fails to qualify , this could turn some young voters against the incumbent .
In Khomeini 's view , the jurist-ruler could modify religious laws , depending on his interpretation of the needs of the regime .
But months later , it is clear that the danger is not past , because Iran has not renounced the production of nuclear weapons , which its enriched uranium could eventually be used to fuel .
So unlikely are the details that only a power struggle within Iran could justify it .
Ahmadinejad is well aware that if he succeeds in portraying himself as someone who -- in opposition to the Supreme Leader 's will -- wants to solve major issues between Iran and the US , that could partly compensate for his economic failures and gain him some new supporters .
If there are elements powerful enough to plan such a plot -- even an unsuccessful one -- they could do it again in the future .
The government signed agreements with the major automobile companies to provide incentives to make vehicles that could run on 100 % ethanol .
US President Barack Obama 's Office for Social Innovation and Civic Participation recently convened more than 100 practitioners to discuss how impact investing could be unleashed in the United States and the developing world .
Donors soon helped launch other microfinance institutions in Mexico , India , Peru , Indonesia , and many African countries , where they could offer loans at 25-30 % interest rates -- well below traditional moneylender rates of 60-100 % -- and still generate strong profit margins .
As my father saw it , you could order scientists and engineers to work together , but you could n't force them to create something .
During one council meeting , Glushko said , `` My engines could send into space any piece of metal . ''
Even my father could n't make peace between them .
But Yeltsin could never get over Russia 's lost superpower status ; his periodic growls to assert Russia 's wounded pride ultimately made him seem unreliable .
In the brave new world of postrevolutionary Russia , Anatoli Lunacharski looked forward to freedom from the mutual relations of husbands , wives , fathers , children , so you could not tell who was related to whom and how closely .
From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bush 's self-righteous certitude led him to believe that he could say and do anything to get his way .
Quite simply , he thought that America could go it alone in pursuing his foreign policy because no one could stop him .
At several crucial moments , he established himself as the only person who could rise to the challenges of transforming Russia from a dictatorship into a democracy , from a planned economy into a free market , and from an empire into a medium-ranked power .
As president , he talked of economic performance as if it could be improved by decree .
At some level , he sensed that Russia 's potential could be unleashed only if the government either faced down , or bought off , the special interests -- military , industrial , and agricultural -- that stood in the way .
At the end of the day it could lead to the sort of huge street protests that marked the Orange Revolution , and their attempted violent suppression .
So he left Gorbachev a private life that could also be lived in public .
This week , Putin told the United Russia party that he will place his name at the top of its ballot for the parliamentary election scheduled for December 2 , which could enable him to become Russia 's new prime minister after the presidential election due in March 2008 .
What could be more democratic ?
And , as deputy prime minister since 2005 , he oversaw the Russian National Priority Projects -LRB- a set of policies to develop social welfare -RRB- , which has given him a clearer insight into Russia 's deep flaws than any of the siloviks , with their focus on getting and maintaining personal power , could ever have .
The old Soviet iconography has broken down completely ; despite heroic efforts , not even Putin could restore Lenin , Stalin , and the old Soviet pantheon .
Yet perhaps one day we Russians will escape our false dreams , and when that day comes , the heroic Solzhenitsyn , the Solzhenitsyn who could never surrender or be corrupted , will be restored to us .
That could prove to be devastating , because all of Russia 's fiscal assumptions were based upon high oil prices continuing for years to come .
Yes , the Russian army could smash Georgia and most of its ex-Soviet neighbors , but its performance in Georgia shows that it remains the same lumbering , badly motivated outfit that it was in the 1990 's .
Soon , the gulag was virtually emptied ; a political thaw began , spurring whispers of freedom that could not be contained . In Poland and Hungary , in particular , an underground tide burst forth demanding change .
And from what I know of the man and his history , particularly his work in Hungary after 1989 , I can only wish that my great-grandfather could have met him .
By 1968 , the Polish regime could no longer tolerate his presence .
The question for me is how these three men with such different backgrounds and trajectories -- Khrushchev , a Russian peasant turned proletarian who became General Secretary of the Soviet Communist Party ; Király , a Magyar soldier of old world Europe , steeped in aristocratic traditions ; and Kolakowski , a gentleman scholar from Warsaw more attuned to Jansenist heresies than the perverse logic of Leninist dialectics -- could ultimately contribute to the same goal : the resurrection of liberty in Europe .
Putin ca n't help himself , just as he could n't help himself in 2004 .
If they could export them , they would be as rich as Germans .
Yet our role in international affairs is far less than it could , or should be .
Asia 's contribution to the UN , though significant , could be greater .
Listening , it was hard to imagine that they could easily be dead -- and would be , if not for this clinic .
Some arrived at the clinic so ill that they could scarcely walk .
In Kampala , I promised my young friends that I would do everything I could to help .
The World Health Organization and the Pan-American Health Organization -LRB- PAHO -RRB- estimate that the outbreak could affect some 400,000 people .
This year , the UN peacekeeping budget will total $ 8 billion . Think of what we could save by avoiding conflicts -- by deploying political mediation missions , for example , rather than troops .
In a community that once could not feed itself , a giant warehouse was almost bursting with tons of surplus grain .
Economists say that India , Nigeria , and Venezuela , among many others , could do the same .
They could agree on a framework of separate , mutually reinforcing instruments . Or they could consider negotiating a nuclear-weapons convention , backed by a strong verification system , as has long been proposed at the UN .
They could unambiguously assure non-nuclear-weapon states that they will not be subject to the use or the threat of use of nuclear weapons .
The Council could also convene a summit on nuclear disarmament .
And we must stand against protectionism . Without open trade , growth and development could break down entirely .
In theory , about half of the education gap in these areas could be closed by building girls ' schools .
Spending $ 3.9 billion on family planning and maternal health initiatives , such as provision of emergency contraception in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia , could avert 1.4 million infant deaths and 142,000 pregnancy-related deaths in women .
On the contrary , Turkey could represent an important asset to its European and American partners .
The old , outmoded heavy industries that were the pride of our Communist regime were shut down -- practically overnight -- because they could not survive the opening of the economy .
Simply put , governments can no longer afford to drain precious time and money that could be better spent elsewhere by locking up people for drug-related offenses .
When regimes change , such contracts could come up for review , as has occurred in many other African countries .
The potential for social unrest has been demonstrated on several occasions in recent years , while divisions along ethno-regional , linguistic , and civil-military lines suggest that any power vacuum at the top could be potentially destabilizing .
If there is a response to such blackmail that could preserve Japan 's dignity , the Kan government is unlikely to find it .
The result could be a new round of efforts by China to manipulate regional suspicion -- or worse .
Alternatively , China could shoulder some real responsibility for security in East Asia and close ranks against Kim and his reckless brinksmanship .
Because a mere 137 votes can get a town council member elected , a large number of foreigners with a particular interest in moving onto the island could nominate a winning candidate .
The worry is that such a council could legislate in ways `` friendly '' to neighboring states , which might compromise Japan 's national security dramatically .
So when Kim Jong-il passes from the scene , and political instability meets economic blight , the regime could fall apart .
Such a commission , with senior European members , could examine the key issues in the region , visit all countries and players and develop a set of recommendations for a new transatlantic approach to begin in early January 2009 when a new U.S president is in place .
The Saudis made it clear in 2003 that they could no longer host US military installations .
Hosni Mubarak was the lynchpin of the West 's policy : he was uncompromising with potential US enemies ; he could be relied upon to appear at peace talks with the Israelis ; and he could be used to add weight to the American position on Iran .
The dollar was then officially a reserve currency , and the economically dominant US could determine its money supply independently of its external balance of payments .
The primary check was that other countries could demand conversion of their growing dollar reserves into gold at the fixed price of $ 35 per ounce .
The nuclei of their atoms usually decay into two smaller nuclei and a couple of neutrons , releasing many million times more energy than any chemical process ever could .
The waste can be substantially , or even completely , reduced if we could use an alternative form of nuclear decay that is triggered by externally accelerated particles .
Since protons are the simplest nuclei , it was hoped that , at high energy , the forces acting during the scattering of protons could be observed and analyzed like in a slow-motion film , providing a precise understanding of the strong force .
Therefore , for some time , it was not expected that the properties of the strong force could be directly derived from the properties of gluons .
In the last few years , however , experiments at the HERA accelerator in Hamburg , Germany , have observed the strong interaction effects in slow motion , which could open a way to a precise understanding of the strong force .
One of its most important discoveries was that several distinct phenomena observed at high energies and short distances could be clearly attributed to the emission of gluons and the emergence of gluonic structures .
A precise understanding of the strong force could be just as important , opening new ways to use nuclear-energy resources while solving the problems of safety and nuclear waste .
The `` ABM at any cost '' view could only have `` guaranteed peace '' during the insanity of the Cold War .
For example , the transformation of the OSCE into a political forum in which the EU represents its member states could be the type of institutional innovation that blocks Russia 's effort to split the Union .
Once it was popular to tell Macedonians that they could become another Belgium .
Wolfgang Munchau of The Financial Times thinks French rejection of the EU constitution could sink the euro .
This would be bad news for the German economy , which could delay possible ECB interest rate hikes .
On the other hand , a center-right coalition between the Christian Democrats and the Free Democrats could spark the ECB into action .
As Europeans watched President Bush stumble over the death , destruction , and chaos wrought by Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans , some could not help patting themselves on the back and saying , `` Thank God for our social solidarity . ''
True , no European country worth its salt would ever allow its citizens to fall into such dire poverty that they literally could not escape from their homes in the face of a natural disaster .
Second , while the shame of New Orleans could never happen in Europe , European social solidarity nonetheless is failing lower-income groups by not sufficiently delivering to them the benefits of economic growth .
Trichet Takes Control At The ECB The announcement by the President of the European Central Bank , Jean-Claude Trichet , that interest rates would be raised at the next meeting of the bank 's Governing Council on December 1st , could be a defining moment in his presidency .
In an anonymous leak to a major financial news service , an ECB official falsely maintained that unanimity was needed for a rate hike , implying a single dove could stop it .
Luxembourg 's finance minister , Jean-Claude Juncker , diplomatically declared after the December meeting that , `` The result could have been worse . ''
Still , politicians and maybe even some central bankers continue to be concerned about the currency , because they fear that a stronger euro could stifle exports , thus weakening overall economic performance .
The ECB could convincingly argue that Merkel 's reforms and the US , not its interest-rate hikes , are responsible for the European slowdown , should one occur .
They could n't make him bend when , as Governor , he successfully defended the independence of the Bank of France , and they wo n't make him bend now .
It matters little that the Fed could have gone further and cut the federal funds rate as well as the discount rate at its emergency meeting -- indeed , that may have to be done .
The ECB is not the old Bundesbank , which had such public support and trust in Germany that it could get away with almost anything .
They could be lending to an institution that is in serious financial trouble .
A faster pace for rates hikes could have offset the slow start , but the ECB again erred on the side of caution .
A decent settlement with public-sector workers could give Germany a `` backdoor '' fiscal stimulus just at the right moment -- when aggregate demand is flagging .
The real problem with a generous wage settlement with public-sector unions is that private-sector unions could use it to get more than their productivity gains warrant .
The loss for Société Générale could have been far higher than the ¤ 5 billion it is reported to have incurred .
Speculators could have `` front run '' the bank in the markets , selling short , driving equity prices down , and forcing the French financial institution to sell into a bottomless pit .
The Société Générale rogue trader scandal has caused more problems than any of the main players possibly could have imagined .
According to Nout Wellink , president of the Dutch Central Bank , failure to satisfactorily settle this issue could have serious negative consequences for the euro .
The smaller EU countries also could benefit from a time out .
One of the questions that the Church could not answer in a satisfactory way for nearly three centuries concerned its attitude towards the economy and society .
A formal , mutually acceptable partition of Kosovo -- a territorial exchange of the type that almost everyone concedes is the only viable solution to the Israel-Palestine conflict -- could achieve a full and final settlement .
Kosovo could probably never govern this territory , whose ethnic Albanian inhabitants have mostly left .
Martti Ahtisaari , the former Finnish President and Nobel laureate , who could claim to be the father of the Kosovan nation , dismisses the idea out of hand .
In that case , life with the twins could become more interesting than Poland needs .
In Buddhism : `` A state that is not pleasant or delightful to me must also be so to him ; and a state that is not pleasing or delightful to me , how could I inflict that upon another ? ''
In this way , Asia could catch up with the West in terms of its cultural integration while contributing to the establishment of a genuinely peaceful new world order .
Ethics and Obama TUBINGEN -- Many say that the world financial crisis could not have been foreseen . Perhaps not by financiers and economists , but others who were watching how markets were developing -- often with dismay -- were more than worried .
One could by no means rule out `` a return of the world economic crisis and the collapse of the world economic order of 1929-1933 . ''
On a lecture tour in the United States in November 2008 , I could see that many people are now complaining about the overwhelming desire for profit in business and megalomania in politics .
Iran could also intensify efforts to fund and arm insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan , imperiling both countries . And it could launch attacks on US , European , and Israeli targets on a global basis .
Dialogue with the US could focus on areas , such as Iraq and Afghanistan , where the two parties share a measure of common ground .
Joint efforts to combat drug trafficking in Afghanistan , for example , could help dilute the mutual antagonism and distrust that contribute to blockage on the nuclear front .
Through private discussions with trusted friends , everyone sensed that discontent was common , yet no one knew , or could know , the extent of it .
That much was understood widely by entrenched Arab dictators , who saw to it that their intelligence and security corps extinguished any flame before it could spread .
If the Arab societies now in turmoil had democratic traditions , they could be expected to find compromises peacefully , through open and honest debate .
If the Americans can get Israel to agree to these straightforward requests , the situation could be ripe for a ceasefire , which in turn would be the prelude to a genuine peace process .
President Bush 's vision of a state of a free and independent Palestine established in 2005 alongside a safe and secure state of Israel could also be used as a benchmark for fresh talks .
Arafat used his negative power and blocked a settlement , but he could n't predict the consequences .
The only hope now for resuming negotiations is the old `` only Nixon could open up China '' argument , meaning that only a truly hard-right Israeli leader would have the credibility to make peace with the Palestinians .
How could it be ?
A major university department of journalism working with Arab media critics , for example , could provide a much more honest analysis of the station 's work .
It could cause some major damage to right-wing Israeli political forces that came to power as a result of eight years of former US president George Bush 's so-called war on terror .
It would be helpful if the Taba understanding or the more recent efforts by Abbas and former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert could become the basis for direct talks .
Arab youth had finally moved , and Obama and his team made the right statements to encourage them , while also making it clear to the Egyptian and Tunisian regimes that they could no longer hide behind the claim that they were fighting America 's war in north Africa .
But what the Arab countries could n't do with military support , they were able to do by providing political cover for the military intervention led by the US , Britain , and France .
Moreover , as a state -LRB- even with observer status -RRB- , Palestine could seek legal relief from the International Court of Justice .
In this he also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation . Until liberation , there could be no business as usual .
Sharon and you might have felt that unilateral action was needed in Gaza , but the withdrawal from Gaza could have produced many more benefits for both sides had it been done bilaterally .
To guide our thinking , we asked ourselves : if we had , say , an extra $ 75 billion to spend , where could we achieve the most good ?
At the bottom of our list were the least cost-effective investments the world could make , with the best places to spend money at the top .
We could get slightly higher benefits by focusing on indoor air pollution .
For $ 286 million we could get iodized salt and fortified basic food items to 80 % of those in the worst-affected areas , with benefits estimated to be roughly nine times that sum .
It might be fashionable to talk about just a couple of the globe 's challenges , but we could achieve a lot more if we focused first on where our spending would be most rational .
The problem boils down to overcoming possible resistance -- from both the elite and the public -- that could derail the handover or undermine the successor 's authority .
For example , if Qaddafi 's fourth son , Muatasim , emerges as the successor , he could take away Saif al-Islam 's business holdings and ability to profit from foreign contracts .
In Tunisia , a successor from the Trabelsi branch of the Ben Ali clan -- linked to the president through his second wife , Leila Trabelsi -- could target the extensive interests of families related to Ben Ali 's daughters from a previous marriage .
In Algeria , Bouteflika 's brother , Said , has been linked to a `` grassroots '' movement that -- it is rumored -- could eventually serve as a basis for his succession bid .
As in Egypt , public opposition to a succession seen to threaten the republican order could sharpen the army 's understanding of itself as guardian of the state , prompting it to intervene .
Gamal could seek to dispel this perception by publicly making examples of regime cronies involved in excesses .
Ben Ali 's successor could raise his profile by clamping down on cronyism .
He is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one he led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .
In the developing world , $ 20 billion could finance 48,000 kilometers of two-lane paved roads , or provide treatment for 120 million people with HIV\/AIDS for a full year .
Not surprisingly , many environmentalists argue that , in the words of one : `` It may be unkind to keep people dying from malaria so that they could die more slowly of starvation .
One oligarch , Yamagata Aritomo , made the bureaucracy immune to political meddling by obtaining a personal communication from the emperor that could never be overruled .
With no political overlord to settle or adjudicate bureaucratic disputes , decisions could be made only by `` consensus , '' which was mostly a euphemism for paralysis .
Indeed , the continuing influence of the Meiji tradition clearly implies that Japan 's post-war economic `` miracle '' could not have been due to the enlightened dirigisme of a developmental state , as many Western commentators believe .
And , because the world 's poorest people spend a higher proportion of their income on food , they are the worst affected , raising the risk that years of progress in reducing poverty could be reversed .
But there is a policy prescription available to leaders today that could help remove supply-side obstacles : more trade .
Additional restraints on trade are a serious threat to net-food-importing countries , where governments worry that such measures could lead to starvation .
So the question is : which alternative policies could allow them to meet this goal ?
A conclusion to the Doha Round of global trade negotiations could constitute part of the medium - to long-term response to food-price crises , by removing many of the restrictions and distortions that have muddied the supply-side picture .
They stoked supposed resentments among different national or ethnic communities based on Lenin 's idea that even small groups of villages could demand territorial autonomy .
Over-medication would affect fewer Americans if we could rein in such clear examples of over-diagnosis .
Indeed , despite the government 's successes , there could be a change , as the Partido Nacional of the center-right bloc is now running neck-and-neck with the FA .
Worse , given the absence of a clearly designated successor and the weakness of civil society and other political institutions , his death could have repercussions across Central Asia .
While far smaller than the deposits in Saudi Arabia or Iran , Caspian oil could prove important if oil production falls or is reduced for political reasons elsewhere .
Russia depends heavily on Turkmen gas for domestic consumption and export abroad , which could prove vital as demand rises over the next decade .
Second , Central Asia 's leadership transitions could tempt outside powers to exploit the resulting instability and spark a struggle for influence .
Iran could also view the transitions in Central Asia as an opportunity to expand its regional influence , particularly given its close ethnic and cultural ties with Tajikistan and its long border with Turkmenistan .
And , like China and Russia , Iran has no desire to see the US fill any security vacuum that could emerge as a result of leadership changes in Central Asia .
Finally , the transitions in Central Asia could have a strong impact on US interests .
A leadership change or increased Russian and Chinese pressure on Kyrgyz leaders could precipitate calls for a renegotiation of the agreement regarding access to Manas -- or even demands for its termination altogether .
Iranian officials had to shift gears quickly once their own population began to call for the same democratic rights , suggesting that Iran could face stronger pressures for democracy and political change over the medium and long run .
While Egypt 's interim military regime has pledged to adhere to the 1979 peace agreement , a new , more democratic government could adopt a different attitude .
In a recent interview , Erdo?an noted that Turkey could be a `` source of inspiration '' for countries in the Middle East , because it has shown that Islam and democracy can coexist harmoniously .
As the two sides collide , the country suffers : the outcome of the water war has meant that the poor still use the same dirty and expensive water , while the result of the gas war could mean that we remain without new export revenues .
Institutional reforms meant the government could no longer use public resources with the same discretion as before .
Inflation -- mainly from higher food prices -- is generating discontent , and legal insecurity is discouraging the investment that could increase supply .
In fact , first attempts at spawning can be relatively unsuccessful , so a fisheries policy that depends for the most part just on first-time spawners -LRB- which is what we are approaching now -RRB- , could be especially flawed .
If only one change in the prevailing mindset could be made , it should be to realize that , in the case of fish like cod , big is beautiful .
A recent series on neonatal issues in the British science journal Lancet estimated that between 41 % and 72 % of neonatal deaths could be prevented if simple interventions were provided effectively where they are needed most .
Even if Europe became a police state , migrants could get through : documents can be forged or stolen , visas overstayed , people smuggled , officials bribed .
Surplus rural folk could find land to till in the New World 's vast frontiers or industrial employment in its growing cities .
The most adventurous and ambitious could seek fame and fortune in the colonies of Africa and Asia .
Otherwise , they risk plunging their citizens into a period of violence , destruction , and disintegration that could last several decades , and recall the horrors of the first half of the 20
An open Japan would , by definition , be more outward-looking , would speak better English so that it could communicate across Asia and the world , would be more influenced by foreign ideas - including ideas concerning war guilt .
The implications of what we are currently witnessing could be enormous .
Indeed , on the 50th anniversary of the Treaty of Rome , no less a Euro-luminary than Jacques Delors expressed the fear that the EU could `` unravel '' ; Germany 's former foreign minister , Joschka Fischer , expressed similar sentiments in an interview on the BBC in early 2009 .
I see only two possible candidates that could meet these qualities : former Irish President Mary Robinson and French Finance Minister Christine Lagarde .
Lagarde , by contrast , seems to be a global Renaissance woman , but her views on Turkey 's EU membership could disprove that image .
Robinson or Lagarde could be the inspiring leaders that the EU needs to make this dream a reality .
When the United States launched the war against Saddam Hussein 's Iraq , France and Germany rightly warned that the invasion could well end up worsening instability in the Middle East and increase the threat of radical Islamic terror .
Of course , it would be best for everyone - France and Germany included - if the current US-led coalition were to succeed and Iraq could turn into a pillar of Middle East stability and modernization .
Even so , once the political causes of famine and malnutrition in developing countries are resolved , the use of modern biotechnology in agriculture and food production could potentially make an immense contribution to social welfare and economic advancement .
Europe 's Franco-German locomotive has broken down and ratification has stopped , even though member states that had yet to ratify the treaty could have completed the process of ratification .
At the diplomatic level , Europeans could threaten to deprive Russia of the prestige it draws from participating in G8 and EU-Russia Summits . They should also aim to strengthen democracy and the rule of law in the European neighborhood by tightening relations with countries such as Georgia and Ukraine .
At the same time , EU members could target the interests of the individuals in the Kremlin elite by scrutinizing their purchases of Western assets , and even ban travel to the EU for human rights abusers .
Armstrong chose Indiana because its oncologists said they could treat him without bleomycin , a type of chemotherapy that would have damaged his lungs and ended his cycling career if he survived .
What communism failed to provide -- modern management , new technologies , and marketing know-how -- was what multinationals could offer .
With their distribution power and detailed knowledge of the market , multinational companies ' influence could surely be leveraged to address many development problems , regardless of a country 's political or economic legacy .
Given the sharp contrast between Premier Wen Jiabao 's caring attitude during the earthquake and President Hu Jintao 's mediocre political performance , some people could not help but imagine that the earthquake may have tipped the balance at the Communist Party 's highest levels , pushing the liberal forces represented by Wen to the center of power .
The EU could work towards a common arms-export policy by seeking a shared understanding of the predictability and stability of third-party countries .
For example , member states could consult on sensitive or contentious issues within the Political and Security Committee .
The transfer of military equipment and technology to third countries could affect regional security and prompt a revision of threat assessments .
At a lower level , the Political and Partnership Committee and\/or the Conference of National Armaments Directors could be used for initial consultations .
In this climate , globalization has come under heavy criticism , including from leaders of developing countries that could strongly benefit from it .
Given the high rate of growth in China 's money supply , there could be considerable pressures for the yuan to actually depreciate , because a rate of monetary growth that exceeds the growth rate of economic activity tends to cause a currency 's exchange rate to fall .
If exchange rates were fixed but capital could move freely , capital flight from the country would generate pressures to end loose monetary policies .
Changing the system and easing their grip on power was a risky move that could undermine their authority .
When oil prices were high and growing , the government could compensate for poor performance by throwing money at problems .
Stalin 's regime could be compared to a cruel , sadistic father who keeps his children in a state of fear and submission .
This coming flu season there will be a new twist : physicians will have to be aware that hidden among these patients could be a small number with SARS , a respiratory disease that is also likely to be seasonal and whose early symptoms are almost indistinguishable from those of the flu .
If more physicians had routine access to these kits , they could tell on the spot whether a patient had influenza and eliminate the need to treat him or her as a possible SARS patient .
They acknowledged that under the city 's special constitution , the Basic Law , these elections could be the first opportunities for the territory to choose its representatives according to the principle of `` one person , one vote . '' But they expressed concern that major reform could undermine political stability and economic development .
The British and Chinese governments in the 1980 's designed Hong Kong 's awkward political system during their negotiations over the eventual transfer of sovereignty . Its purpose was to ensure that the will of the public could not be fully expressed through the ballot box .
Hong Kong 's government felt it could ignore public opinion and push the bill through with a large majority of the functional members , plus a handful of directly elected pro-government legislators .
Furthermore , the majority did not think democratization would hurt the economy , although there were clear concerns that political instability could arise from China 's intervention in Hong Kong affairs .
If these reforms are not trumped by efforts to maintain high growth at all costs , the region could not only clean itself up while continuing to prosper , but could also establish a model for all of China .
We could do all good things . We could win the war against hunger , end conflicts , stop communicable diseases , provide clean drinking water , improve education and halt climate change .
They found that dealing with HIV\/AIDS , hunger , free trade , and malaria were the world 's top priorities , where we could do the most good for our money .
· At a recent meeting at Exeter in the UK , some participants warned of a 50-50 chance that the Gulf Stream winds could collapse within a century .
In comparison , the UN estimates that half that amount could buy clean drinking water , sanitation , basic health care , and education for every single person in the world .
If we really do care about saving polar bears , we could do something much simpler and more effective : ban hunting them .
If we can unlock the hidden potential in Latin America 's forests -- without destroying them -- then we could provide a solution to the problem of habitat destruction .
A fern deep in the forest could , for example , one day prove helpful in the fight against HIV\/AIDS .
But growing concern about the peril of climate change could help save some of this continent 's lush forests .
The energy and resources businesspeople devote to making sure their goods get from factory to market could be put to much better use .
Each country could create a council that represents public bodies -LRB- transportation , public works , customs -RRB- and major users -LRB- exporters and logistics companies -RRB- that must work together to identify ways to reduce logistics costs .
While celebrity activists focus entirely on cutting CO2 , we could do much more -- and at much lower cost -- if we addressed urban heat islands .
Paint most of a city and you could lower the temperature by 10 ° C.
Extremely expensive cuts in carbon emissions could mean more malnourished people .
However , the contrast between this year 's Nobel winners could not be sharper .
A `` dream team '' of eight economists , including three Nobel Laureates , confronted the basic question : if the world had , say , an extra $ 50 billion to do good , where could that money best be spent ?
If we could only find the political will , establishing free trade could be achieved at a very low cost , with benefits of up to $ 2.4 trillion a year .
Mosquito nets and effective medication could halve the incidence of malaria and would cost $ 13 billion .
The democracies in this region face a myriad of hazards , but one crucial challenge could be solved relatively easily : the gross under-representation of women in their legislative bodies .
We could combat the problem relatively cheaply and efficiently by getting improved cooking devices -LRB- such as cookers with a flue -RRB- and clean fuel to those who need them , and by encouraging fuel drying , stove and chimney maintenance , and the use of pot lids to conserve heat .
We could keep vulnerable children away from the smoke .
In fact , the target is not scientifically backed , and the suggestion that we could achieve it is entirely implausible .
Even if political consensus could be found , the cost would be phenomenal : one model estimates that the total global cost would be around $ 84 trillion , while the economic benefits would amount to just a seventh of this amount .
This could be achieved if all countries committed to spending 0.05 % of GDP on research and development of non-carbon-emitting energy technologies .
To put this in perspective , ¤ 2.5 billion could double the number of hospitals in Denmark .
And , if we really wanted to benefit the world , ¤ 2 billion could halve the number of malaria infections , saving 850 million lives this century .
The last ¤ 500 million could fund an eight-fold increase in research and development aimed at improving CO2-efficient energy technologies , enabling everyone in the long run to reduce emissions much more dramatically , and at much lower cost .
The same money could triple the global development aid budget .
It could easily provide clean drinking water , sanitation , education , and health care to every human being on the planet , while increasing CO2-reducing R&D ten-fold .
Both McCain and Obama could leave future generations lumbered with the costs of major cuts in carbon emissions -- without major cuts in temperatures .
Their goal was to create a prioritized list showing how money could best be spent combating these problems .
The US could provide leadership by committing to spending 0.05 % of its GDP exploring non-carbon-emitting energy technologies -- wind , wave , or solar power -- or capturing CO2 emissions from power plants .
It would then have the moral authority to demand that other nations do the same . By focusing more on research and development , and less in carbon cuts , both candidates could embrace a solution that encourages the best of the American innovative spirit and leaves the best possible legacy to future generations : a high-income , low-carbon energy world .
In comparison , the United Nations estimates that half that amount could permanently solve all of the world 's major problems : it could ensure clean drinking water , sanitation , basic health care , and education for every single person in the world , now .
We could do all good things .
This was where we could do the most good for our money .
For $ 27 billion , we could prevent 28 million people from getting HIV .
For $ 12 billion we could cut malaria cases by more than a billion a year .
For an astonishingly low cost , we could improve education and health conditions , make the poorest people richer , and help everybody become better able to tackle the future .
Portugal could produce wine cheaply , whereas Great Britain could produce cloth much more cheaply than wine .
The panel -- including five Nobel laureates -- found that one of the single best actions the planet could take would be completing the Doha negotiations .
Anderson showed that if developing countries cut their tariffs by the same proportion as high-income countries , and services and investment were also liberalized , the annual global gains could climb to $ 120 billion , with $ 17 billion going to the world 's poorest countries by 2015 .
Moreover , if we could stop global warming -LRB- which we ca n't -RRB- , the benefit for future generations would be one-tenth or less of the benefit of freer trade -LRB- which we certainly can achieve -RRB- .
They urge America 's president-elect Barack Obama to pursue a `` green revolution '' with big investments in renewable energy , arguing that this could create millions of new `` green collar '' jobs and open huge new markets .
It is rather obvious that if you invest massively in inefficient solar panels , most of your money will go to buy the physical panels , whereas only a very small part will go to R&D . If you want more R&D , you should spend your money directly on R&D . This could tackle global warming in the longer run .
But could it have grown more if it had not restricted CO2 emissions ?
Instead , direct policies to address New Orleans ' vulnerabilities could have avoided the huge and unnecessary cost in human misery and economic loss .
These should have included stricter building codes , smarter evacuation policies , and better preservation of wetlands -LRB- which could have reduced the ferociousness of the hurricane -RRB- .
Most importantly , a greater focus on upkeep and restoration of the levees could have spared the city entirely .
Yet by spending just $ 10 billion annually , the United Nations estimates that we could help 229 million hungry people today .
Every time spending on climate policies saves one person from hunger in a hundred years , the same amount could have saved 5,000 people now .
His Kenyan sister Auma chides him for behaving like a neo-colonialist . `` Why should all that land be set aside for tourists when it could be used for farming ?
Strong carbon cuts could avert about 0.2 % of the malaria incidence in a hundred years .
Put another way , for each person saved from malaria by cutting CO2 emissions , direct malaria policies could have saved 36,000 .
Of course , carbon cuts are not designed only to tackle malaria . But , for every problem that global warming will exacerbate -- hurricanes , hunger , flooding -- we could achieve tremendously more through cheaper , direct policies today .
As Obama 's Kenyan sister might attest , this could be an expensive indulgence .
Even if the entire world followed suit , the net effect would be to reduce global temperatures by one-twentieth of one degree Fahrenheit by the end of the century . The cost could be a staggering $ 10 trillion .
For one-fiftieth of that cost , we could provide essential micronutrients to 2-3 billion people , thereby preventing perhaps a million deaths and making half the world 's population mentally and physically much stronger .
An African safari trip once confronted America 's new president with a question he could not answer : why the rich world prized elephants over African children .
Today 's version of that question is : why will richer nations spend obscene amounts of money on climate change , achieving next to nothing in 100 years , when we could do so much good for mankind today for much less money ?
Yet , at the same time , the Chinese and Indian challenge could be the impetus we need to change direction , end our obsession with reducing emissions , and focus instead on research and development , which would be smarter and cheaper -- and would actually make a difference .
We could prioritize our spending to achieve the greatest benefit for our money .
It will produce a `` to do '' list that will demonstrate how to achieve the most that we can for humanity , which could lead , in turn , to more transparent decision-making .
An agreement of this nature could be the new Kyoto treaty for the world -- the principal difference being that this protocol would actually make a difference and stand a good chance of global acceptance .
In China and India , it accounts for about 80 % of power generation , and is helping Chinese and Indian laborers enjoy a quality of life that their parents could barely imagine .
We could just as well point out that since science tells us that speeding cars kill many people , we should cut speed limits to almost nothing . We do no such thing , because we recognize that the costs of high-speed cars must be weighed against the benefits of a mobile society .
Gore and Hansen want a moratorium on coal-fired power plants , but neglect the fact that the hundreds of new power plants that will be opened in China and India in the coming years could lift a billion people out of poverty .
Is it unreasonable to point out that the inevitable creation of trade barriers that will ensue from Waxman-Markey could eventually cost the world ten times more than the damage climate change could ever have wrought ?
What could be achieved by planting more trees , cutting methane , or reducing black soot emissions ?
Reflecting just 1-2 % of the total sunlight that strikes the earth could offset as much warming as that caused by doubling preindustrial levels of greenhouse gases .
We could mimic this effect through stratospheric aerosol insertion -- essentially launching material like sulfur dioxide or soot into the stratosphere .
It is remarkable to consider that we could cancel out this century 's global warming with 1,900 unmanned ships spraying seawater mist into the air to thicken clouds .
Marine cloud whitening would not lead to permanent atmospheric changes , and could be used only when needed .
Climate engineering could remain a back-up option in case of necessity .
Or we could put it on the agenda today .
That would be a shameful legacy -- one that could be avoided by re-thinking climate policy .
Professor Brent Sohngen of Ohio State University points out that forests could be important : including forestry in the control of greenhouse gases could somewhat reduce costs .
We could also put a bigger focus on reducing black carbon , considered responsible for as much as 40 % of current net warming and one-third of Arctic melting .
A team of economists led by David Montgomery estimates that spending $ 359 million could realistically slash 19 % of black carbon emissions .
This seems wrong -- even immoral -- if we could do more for people and the planet through adaptation .
Adaptation could allow for higher carbon emissions in another way : reducing the damage and harm that we experience from global warming , giving us more time to implement alternatives to reliance on fossil fuels .
Reducing emissions to a level that does not extinguish economic growth could avert $ 3 trillion worth of damage , whereas adaptation could prevent around $ 8 trillion worth of damage .
Investing about $ 100 billion annually in non-carbon-based energy research would mean that we could essentially fix climate change on the century scale .
If we continue implementing policies to reduce emissions in the short term without any focus on developing the technology to achieve this , there is only one possible outcome : virtually no climate impact , but a significant dent in global economic growth , with more people in poverty , and the planet in a worse place than it could be .
We will then make virtually no impact on climate change in the future , while in the shorter term there will be significant damage to economic growth , leaving more people in poverty and the planet in a much darker place than it could be .
Carbon taxes could play an important role in funding research and development .
Their research looked at how much we could help the planet by setting different levels of carbon taxes , planting more trees , cutting methane , reducing black soot emissions , adapting to global warming , or focusing on a technological solution to climate change .
And if politicians choose less-efficient , less-coordinated cap-and-trade policies , the costs could escalate a further 10 to 100 times .
Some proposed climate-engineering technologies -- in particular , marine cloud-whitening technology -- could be cheap , fast , and effective . -LRB- Boats would spray seawater droplets into clouds above the oceans to make them reflect more sunlight back into space , reducing warming -RRB- .
It appears that climate engineering could buy us some time , and it is time that we need if we are to make a sustainable and smooth shift away from reliance on fossil fuels .
Carbon pricing could be used to finance research and development , and to send a price signal to promote the deployment of effective , affordable technology alternatives .
Investing about $ 100 billion annually would mean that we could essentially resolve the climate-change problem by the end of this century .
While the blame game will not solve global warming , the mounting panic could lead to a positive outcome if it means we re-consider our current approach .
In comparison , spending $ 3 billion annually on mosquito nets , environmentally safe indoor DDT sprays , and subsidies for effective new combination therapies could halve the total number of those infected within one decade .
For the money it takes to save one life with carbon cuts , smarter policies could save 78,000 lives .
For $ 286 million , we could get iron and iodine to more than 2.5 billion people .
The choice is stark : for a few hundred million dollars , we could help almost half of humanity now .
For every person saved from malnutrition through climate policies , the same money could have saved half a million people from micronutrient malnutrition through direct policies .
If we spent the same dollar on simple policies to help malnutrition or malaria now , we could do $ 20 or more good -- 1000 times better , when all impacts are taken into account .
Without a vast , highly coordinated global effort , how could we possibly cope with sea-level rises on that order of magnitude ?
That 's because the vast majority of those 400 million people reside within cities , where they could be protected relatively easily , as in Tokyo .
The report also revealed the improbability of another Gore scenario : that global warming could make the Gulf Stream shut down , turning Europe into a new Siberia .
So we have to ask the hard question of whether we could do better by focusing on other issues first -- helping real people improve their lives and resilience so they can better deal with the world 's challenges .
But Securum was then able to recruit skilled staff members who could maximize the assets ' value when markets recovered , and to be in a financial position to await that recovery .
Taxpayers could have recovered more of their losses if we had been more patient , as prices continued to rise for a long time .
So perhaps decision makers , faced with the victims of previous policies and the future victims of current ones , would simply be happy that at last they could allocate resources in an optimally efficient way .
Many statistical lives -- your own , perhaps -- could be saved by excluding future payment for some expensive medical treatment -LRB- say , hemodialysis -RRB- for those who are now healthy and reallocating the funds to cheap but effective prevention programs .
Both the EU and Russia have advantages to offer , so competition between them could be fierce .
Other offers of this type could , just a few years ago , be found at www.liver4you.org , which promised kidneys for $ 80,000 - $ 110,000 .
Other Lebanese political parties agreed that Hezbollah could keep its weapons to fight there -- but only on condition that it keep the peace on the rest of the border .
According to a short item published by the official Xinhua news agency , Ai has allegedly been involved in so-called `` economic crimes , '' which could mean practically anything that the Marxist\/Maoist minds of the leadership care to dream up .
Moreover , it could be argued that if more knowledge is not added to exports , it will be hard to achieve sustainable economic development based on natural resources .
But , while that example provides some insights , it is too limited to understand what lies ahead for Japan , and excessive reliance on it could undermine appropriate policy responses , both in Japan and abroad .
But there is a risk that this approach could understate the Japanese disaster 's domestic and international consequences .
As such , it could contribute to insufficient responses in Japan itself -- from the government to individual companies and households -- as well as in other countries .
Indeed , such a mal-diagnosis could delay what I believe will be an eventual solid recovery in Japan .
If relatively secular Turkish society could be swept by a surge of anti-American sentiment , so , too , can Indonesia society .
In the 1950 's and 1960 's , few leading Indians believed that their country could compete with the industrialized economies .
India could take a leaf from China 's success in handling the Taiwan problem .
The good news is that robust public policy , coupled with rapid advances in technology , could help humanity as a whole reduce its energy consumption .
As for India , at the G-8 Summit in July 2009 , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said , `` Nothing could be farther from the truth than the notion that the developing countries were complacent or were not interested in addressing the consequences of climate change . '' Indeed , in 2008 India unveiled an ambitious National Action Plan on Climate Change , which includes eight national missions , including solar and enhanced energy efficiency missions .
The `` tipping point '' could come when we reach 450 ppm .
In the past , Asians put a premium on protecting their sovereignty and were wary of any multilateral approaches that could dilute it .
Peace and Security : Asia includes many new naval powers , such as China and India , which could help bolster the security of sea-lanes by creating partnerships with traditional naval powers such as the US .
While the world frets about North Korean and Iranian nuclear weapons , it is useful to remind ourselves that Japan , should it choose , could become a nuclear power in a matter of weeks .
Moreover , if Japan needs allies to balance the rise of China , it could easily turn not only to the US , but also to Russia and India .
In short , the geopolitical cards could turn out in Japan 's favor if China overplays its hand .
Given this spectacular economic performance , Americans could spend more on defense than the rest of the world combined . All this , quite naturally , led to geopolitical hubris , in Washington and in Tel Aviv .
But a recent symposium at Oxford University concluded that emerging-market cities could improve and maintain urban health by capturing the inherent advantages of concentration , coordinating health policies and programs , adopting successful innovations , reforming health education and training , and developing improved planning processes .
The outcome was better than anyone in the Kremlin could have hoped for : 89 % of the Chechen electorate turned out to vote , and 96 % of voters supported the Moscow-drafted constitution .
Pavel Krasheninnikov , president of the State Duma 's Committee on Legislation , recently promised an amnesty for the guerillas , which could never have been issued without President Putin 's express approval .
The latter path could easily lead to civil strife and , perhaps , another civil war .
If this happens when we claim to love trees , I shudder to think what would happen if we were ambivalent about them ? Or thought we could live without them ?
Complete American withdrawal could lead to suspicion , arms races , and , in the worst case , wars among the countries of Europe and Asia .
In conditions of chaos , which Egypt could face , the best-organized and most ruthless group often gets control of the government .
In the same way , the Muslim Brotherhood could seize power in Egypt and impose a far more oppressive regime than Mubarak 's ever was .
Suddenly the builders could no longer understand each other .
Yet , the towers could have been a symbol of worldwide poetry , not commerce .
Every day , at the same hour , he appeared with his metal trunk stuffed with all that he had collected from street corner garbage cans ; it was as if he wanted to ensnare me with his street sorcery so that I could see the city 's unfathomable contrasts .
Mailat sought escape from his Romanian misery and his Romanian past , but could not imagine that he would find in an Italian refugee camp as much misery as before ; that the image in the mirror of his daily new life would be that of a killer .
Although the schedule for my most recent trip was overwhelming , and offered little real contact with ordinary people , I could still grasp -- from daily newspapers , TV programs , and conversations with friends -- the profound economic , political , and moral crisis engulfing the country .
For example , India could enforce a ceiling on wedding expenditure -- typically a father 's biggest expense associated with his daughter .
Perhaps the authorities could also penalize families with boys , at least temporarily .
The irony is that , unless far-reaching changes are made soon , Mother India could eventually be the only woman left in the country .
As a result , women must be strictly secluded and made invisible when in public , for they are personally responsible for the desire that they could ignite in schools , hospitals , parks , or markets .
As violence is strictly a private matter , relinquishing justice to state institutions could be an unacceptable humiliation .
The pressure in a war setting to get information that could save lives is immense .
If more persuasion was needed , we could offer rewards for cooperation - anything from cigarettes to political asylum .
Beyond this , we were taught that we could `` apply pressure . ''
On the contrary , between classes , during breaks in field training , and in other informal settings , some of our instructors - typically older , more experienced interrogators - let it be known through insinuation and innuendo that we could have the guards beat uncooperative subjects .
All of us knew that a failed interrogation could mean being dropped from the course .
One instructor joked that although the Geneva conventions barred firing a 50-caliber machine gun at an enemy soldier - an act defined as `` excessive force '' - we could aim at his helmet or backpack , since these were `` equipment . ''
We were being conditioned to believe that the official rules set no clear limits , and that we could therefore set the limits wherever we liked .
The report outlines a coherent structure of policies through which , by 2020 , at least $ 100 billion a year could be generated from public and private sources for international action on climate change .
If rich countries introduce domestic carbon taxes or auction emissions permits based on this price level , they could potentially provide $ 30 billion a year for developing countries by using just 10 % of the revenues .
A carbon tax on international shipping and aviation set at the same level -LRB- or auction revenues from emissions caps , if that pricing route is followed -RRB- could generate $ 10 billion annually for international climate action from just 25-50 % of the revenues , even after ensuring that costs borne by developing countries are covered .
Other policies , such as redirecting subsidies paid by rich countries to the fossil-fuel industry , or levying a tax on financial transactions , could provide a further $ 10 billion each year .
All these measures together could raise about $ 50 billion annually in net public funding to help developing countries adapt to climate change .
In addition , the multilateral development banks -LRB- MDBs -RRB- , including the regional development banks and the World Bank , could raise an additional $ 20-30 billion in gross public financing through higher contributions from rich countries .
The Group suggested that its proposed policies could generate annual private flows of $ 100-200 billion .
With a price of around $ 25 per ton of carbon dioxide , and providing incentives for private sector flows , increased flows from carbon markets could be $ 30 - $ 50 billion .
An African Green Fund for both adaptation and mitigation could put resources and experience to good use in one of the most vulnerable parts of the world -- and one that is full of opportunity in the new low-carbon era .
New financing could unlock today 's policy inertia over climate change .
While awed by American hardware , some PLA brass are convinced that if Saddam Hussein had been a better commander , the battle for Baghdad could have been , to quote Zhang Zhaozhong of the Chinese National Defense University , `` George Bush 's Stalingrad . ''
One could establish a sort of über-official who surveys video monitors , immediately overrules blatantly wrong calls , and directly communicates this decision with the referee and linesmen on the field -LRB- who are already equipped with earphones -RRB- .
Alternatively , one could give each team the opportunity to challenge up to two referee decisions per game , employing video replays to review rules infractions and settle disputed calls .
With no end in sight to a war with thousands of civilian victims , and democracy far from the horizon , nobody could have foreseen how Nepal 's people would express their demand for peace and change .
Further reforms could yield additional benefits , but much of the handicap imposed on African farmers by post-colonial governments has now been removed .
The start of this turnaround could be associated with the other two trends , as the cumulative result of more favorable policies and increased labor per hectare , but it could also reflect the gradual spread of improved crop varieties that resulted from earlier investment in agricultural technology .
If funders take notice , farmers are poised to respond -- and 2010 could mark the start of a bright new era in African agriculture .
Only by equivocating about the relocation plan could Kan appease both the governor and US President Barack Obama , who is scheduled to meet Kan in Tokyo the same month .
An Ozawa government might be stable only if he could form a grand coalition . Yet , given strong public sentiment against Ozawa , that is impossible .
First , we could give digital files `` expiration dates , '' so that our digital systems would delete the file when the appropriate time comes .
Second , we could opt to expose our information to a form of digital `` rusting , '' so that it slowly erodes -LRB- and we would need to take proactive steps should we ever wish to recover some of it -RRB- .
Third , we could separate past information , so that it takes a special effort or additional time to retrieve it , thereby reducing the chances that we accidentally stumble upon it .
They could begin that long process by taking the following steps :
Fishery resources are over-exploited ; animal husbandry suffers a similar lack of rigorous management ; and the country spends a fortune buying the meat and milk that it could easily produce for itself if farmers had the proper incentives .
For example , with sufficient investment , a port at Bargny could serve not only as a West African export base , but also as a processing hub for minerals and a center for the liquefaction of natural gas .
The contrast with Africa 's debts could hardly be starker .
It is worth remembering that no sub-Saharan African country - with the exceptions of South Africa and Rhodesia -LRB- now Zimbabwe -RRB- , then administered by white minority governments - could tap international capital markets at independence in the early 1960 's .
If oil prices remain high -- likely in the foreseeable future , given strong demand from the US , Japan , China , and India -- oil revenues could reach $ 400-600 billion .
Only then could they fulfill the dream of a common African identity and the establishment of a United States of Africa .
But a sector-by-sector approach could mitigate these handicaps , and , given the pressing need to address demand for energy and climate change , it might be strategically advisable to start with the energy sector .
The world could not have prevented Yugoslavia 's spiral into civil war , but it might have made it less cruel by helping to negotiate terms of separation earlier .
None of the youths I talked to could give any clear explanation for their actions , except to say that an Islamic schoolteacher known as Ustadz So had recruited them into a shadowy militant movement .
The military 's belief that Malay Muslims could be re-educated and re-socialized into accepting a Thai identity has proved untenable .
Clarke explained how humans could build communication satellites .
Now `` China bashing '' has taken over , and the result could be just as bad , if not worse .
However , with China 's economy currently threatened by ongoing yuan appreciation , liberalizing the financial system could have perverse short-run consequences .
Then financial liberalization could proceed with market interest rates remaining at normal levels .
Several surveys show that adults reporting childhood sexual abuse often say that there was a period of time when they `` could not remember '' their abuse .
A rule that requires a rotation of votes among Council members , or that groups them into voting blocs , could replace the current one-man-one-vote scheme .
In nearly every case and for every threshold value tested , a majority of Governing Council members voted for the policy change that actually occurred , and their votes could be predicted by the difference between their national inflation rate and the euro-area average .
This may help , it but wo n't address the real issue : how could regulators have allowed this problem to recur after so much bitter experience , and why should they now be allowed to investigate themselves ?
The nub of the anti-depressant crisis is not that these drugs could do so much harm , but that they were allowed to do so when the precedents were so plain .
The term `` drug dependence '' was also redefined , to propose that loss of personal autonomy could never arise in a therapeutic setting .
It could not even subdue Chechnya , a small republic within the Russian federation .
This contrast could serve as a metaphor for the difference in lifestyles on either side of the Atlantic .
With the extra money women would generate , the government could take care of the aging population and still have billions to spend on education and childcare .
On the other hand , if the protagonists are patient , the winds of democracy could lead to a stronger constitution , free of the risks of economic and judicial nightmare that some aspects of the present draft entail .
The proceeds of the tax could be used in part to fund the much needed expansion of France 's underdeveloped public job placement services .
The first is the politics of world theater , where a political figure of global stature could do much to raise the EU 's profile and ensure that it has a major say in re-ordering the post-crisis global economic rulebook .
The result is that EU policy proposals that could do much to advance the economic and geopolitical interests of Europeans are not as influential as they could be .
From the EU 's point of view , the turmoil engulfing the Arab world could n't have come at a worse time .
Ashton 's EEAS could have established a clear lead at a much earlier stage by responding publicly to the spreading Arab unrest .
In that case , the EEAS itself could become a casualty of events .
Rows over product safety and intellectual piracy could all too easily fuel calls for tough new trade limits .
They worry that politicians and journalists who oppose their strategies for closer political and economic union could yet tip the balance of public opinion against the EU .
Yet it is ludicrous to think that Euroskeptics represent a silent majority that could rise up and destroy the EU . Popular support for the European project has barely faltered over the last 25 years , and has even begun to strengthen of late .
This reflects not only worries about energy and shared security concerns , but also the need to head off any looming crisis in the Middle East that could plunge large parts of the world into turmoil , if not armed conflict .
In years past , only governments could torpedo candidates for Europe 's top jobs , but now the parliament also will be able to reject them .
When the Union was smaller and more modest , inter-governmental horse-trading seemed acceptable , not least because national politicians could downplay the importance of `` Europe . ''
EU governments have wanted a pliable Commission , but now the cost could be the death of the `` community method '' that protects the EU against national frictions .
The European Central Bank has indicated that the Pact 's collapse could force up Euroland interest rates .
A new Trans-Atlantic Forum for Democracy Promotion could be created to co-ordinate all activities in the region , including bilateral programs pursued by European countries .
This could be supplemented by an independent Trust for Democracy in the Middle East , to which Europe and the US contribute funds and expertise .
In this case , Berlusconi 's forces could ally themselves with Pier Ferdinando Casini 's centrist Catholic party , or work to form a coalition with their center-left adversary , the Democratic Party , led by Walter Veltroni .
Here Italy could join the more nationally minded economic policies now being pursued by France and the UK , to the detriment of EU technocrats in Brussels .
Berlusconi , the head of a diversified media empire -LRB- television , radio , press , Internet , movies , advertising , and books -RRB- , decided to establish a political party at a time when he believed that post-communists could win power otherwise .
Matters could get worse in 2011 , as rising unemployment cuts household consumption .
In particular , the huge income discrepancies between them and the rich countries endanger their own long-term growth and political stability , and could yet impair their future involvement in the G20 process .
Indeed , Germany and France spearheaded the effort to make the Stability and Growth Pact more `` flexible '' when they could no longer comply with its 3 % - of-GDP fiscal-deficit ceiling .
The lack of consensus on basic features of an economic framework -- be it a retirement age commensurate with Europe 's demographic outlook or a legislative commitment to budgetary discipline -- makes one wonder how eurozone countries could enter a monetary union in the first place .
The jihadists appear to want a Taliban-style Iraq that could serve as a bastion for the wider global Islamist insurgency .
Just as in Darfur , where China 's perceived support for the Sudanese government translated into harsh criticism and threats to brand the 2008 Olympics the `` Genocide Games , '' China 's backing of the Burmese generals , particularly if the death toll rises , could cause similar problems .
Although China has expressed some vague concerns over the crisis to the Burmese government , it has not taken any action that could meaningfully affect the regime 's calculations , despite its singularly unique leverage .
They could play an essential leading role in a process including the Burmese parties , China , India , the European Union , Russia , and the United States that could devise a roadmap for change in Burma .
If G-20 leaders fail to accept that responsibility , and instead choose the path of economic nationalism , the future could look bleak .
Or it could be remembered as another `` Sputnik moment , '' when , as with the Soviet foray into outer space in 1957 , the American people realized that the country had lost its footing and decided it was time for the United States to get its act together .
The Beijing Olympics could be remembered as a new `` Sputnik moment '' for the US , inspiring the country to meaningfully face the music of a changing world .
If so , the global system that has secured peace , security , openness , and economic growth over the past six decades could be in grave danger .
If the US were to play a relatively smaller role in world affairs , and no other system was created to pick up the slack , these values could be at risk .
Unless other countries become more willing to step forward for the common good , a post-American world could quickly become a far more frightening environment than what it would replace .
Furthermore , Asian states could be far more assertive in addressing humanitarian issues in their own backyard -- especially for places like Burma and North Korea -- and in taking a lead in international climate change negotiations .
Democracy and the rule of law could conceivably be an effective alternative to what the Taliban offer , but the government can not credibly claim to provide either , not to mention basic services , on a consistent basis .
If they are not , assistance could be scaled back to avoid having international funds continue to support corrupt practices .
Simply put , history could easily have happened very differently , and almost did .
Instead of a unified Germany today , could there still be two Germanys , East and West ?
Disney could not have worked a more seductive transformation .
It helped that this revolution could be counted in days , a miracle of compression .
This could be the story of the Romanian revolution , 20 years ago .
I could understand the poets , students , dissidents , and allegedly disaffected government officials .
But not everyone fell silent . Cardinal Dziwisz of Cracow argued that there could be no place in Poland `` for retribution , revenge , lack of respect for human dignity , and reckless accusations . ''
And he was describing himself as well when he cited Bloch : `` Attached to my country , fed with her spiritual heritage and its history , unable to imagine any other country where I could breathe freely , I loved and served it with all my strength .
The majority though , in one way or another , had some contact with communism , through intellectual fascination , participation in state institutions , or the cold conviction that only by accepting the reality of life under communism could one do something useful for one 's country .
There was , however , another , category of people : the `` careful and untainted , '' who absented themselves from the world of politics . They hated communism , but , convinced that the system could not be reformed , they avoided the democratic opposition .
And even larger yet is the total cost suffered by the economy -- including output and job losses , and the attendant destruction of material and immaterial capital , which , according to the Bank of England 's Andrew Haldane and others , could rise to a multiple of annual GDP .
It erodes the relative security in which the rich world could shelter itself , as in a cocoon .
An international organization could have simply used the existing infrastructure of the Russian state to distribute cash grants to some 20 million pensioners -- money that would have been much better targeted and spent than by giving the same amount to the government .
But the same or a similar approach could be taken in many countries today , from Angola to Zimbabwe .
It is inconceivable that Brazilian , Cameroonian , or Japanese doctors , computer scientists , blue-collar workers , or bank tellers could move from one country to another as easily as Brazilian , Cameroonian , or Japanese football players do .
But the demand side was heavily regulated , owing to a rule that clubs could field no more than two foreign players in any single game .
The same rule could be applied to other activities .
Free movement of skilled labor could be accompanied by binding international requirements that migrants from poor countries spend , say , one year in five working in their countries of origin .
However , thanks to a simple but ingenious innovation by an emerging bioscience company , those numbers could become a relic of the past , like mortality from smallpox and bubonic plague .
The solution -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- may be an ingenious , affordable innovation from Ventria Bioscience that combines high - and low-tech components to deliver what could be a veritable Holy Grail : two proteins produced inexpensively in rice that radically improve the effectiveness of rehydration solutions .
Although the company could market the product without the FDA 's approval , the financial risks would be prohibitive .
The incidence of malaria could be reduced drastically by the judicious application of the mosquito-killing chemical DDT , but UN and national regulators have curtailed its availability , owing to misguided notions about its toxicity .
And public-health efforts to curb air pollution and smoking could reduce the prevalence of lung cancer in Asia and Africa .
For example , it could be that highly stressed people with Type A personality who think that bacon cheeseburgers and creamy sauces are staple foods , and who already have an increased , long-term risk of heart disease , also tend to work longer hours .
Nothing could be farther from the truth .
But the situation in Turkey is what the outbreak of a human to human pandemic could look like at its earliest stages : the rapid spread of confirmed cases -LRB- and deaths -RRB- from an initial site to nearby villages and cities .
If the pandemic were to begin relatively soon -- say , within a year or two -- there would be little that could be done to attenuate significantly the first wave of infections .
But , if we 're ready to rush the pandemic strain into an emergency program to manufacture vaccine , we could possibly blunt the second wave .
In theory , we could simply supplement children 's diets with vitamin A in capsules , or add it to some staple foodstuff , the way that we add iodine to table salt to prevent hypothyroidism and goiter .
With wide use , it could save hundreds of thousands of lives every year and enhance the quality of life for millions more .
Bill Gates 's experts seem not to know that ; the foundation 's annual letter contains the following single mention of DDT : `` The world hoped in the 1950s and 1960s that -LRB- malaria -RRB- could be eliminated by killing mosquitoes with DDT , but that tactic failed when the mosquitoes evolved to be resistant to the chemical . ''
Achieving this goal could offer scientists unprecedented opportunities for innovation , and better enable them to craft bespoke microorganisms and plants that produce pharmaceuticals , clean up toxic wastes , and obtain -LRB- or `` fix '' -RRB- nitrogen from the air -LRB- obviating the need for chemical fertilizers -RRB- .
Only four trials , with 373 patients , could provide data on death or dependency -LRB- becoming dependent on others for activities of daily living -RRB- .
The results will be reported after analysis of the trial data and could prove useful for therapy of stroke patients .
The regime has even conducted multi-agency exercises to test whether different government bodies could cooperate closely to keep `` harmful information '' off the Net during an emergency .
When things go wrong -- as is likely , given mounting social strains caused by rising inequality , environmental degradation , and deteriorating public services -- China 's alienated masses could become politically radicalized .
And , unlike past protests , which have usually been allied with students or members of the intelligentsia , popular disaffection might not have the virtue of rational leaders with whom the government could talk and negotiate .
These migratory movements could make it harder to reverse the escalating HIV\/AIDS infection rates seen in Eastern Europe , most acutely in Russia and Ukraine .
The results for extreme pessimism were skewed in the opposite direction : 14 % of Sunnis thought things were as bad as could be , while only 2 % of Kurds and 3 % of Shi'ites shared this opinion .
This disparity in attitudes toward the future could determine what eventually happens in Iraq .
Even temporary improvement in educational opportunities could permanently affect the level and distribution of skills in the economy .
Imagine our world , 20 years from now , if we could educate a new generation of young people so that they have the skills and creativity to take on the great economic and technological challenges of the day .
So , in the 30 or so weeks between now and the next French presidential election , any prediction made today could be reversed , and reversed again , before the vote .
One could also mention the recent Sino-African summit in Beijing , or the intensification of Venezuelan-Iranian relations .
In some ways , the end of a unipolar world could truly be the `` Hour of Europe . ''
The rule of law is the equivalent for Asia today of what democracy was for Europe yesterday . Without its gradual imposition , an Asian Union could at best remain only a pale and hollow copy of its European model .
Moreover , a Bayrou victory could signify the end of the conservative party created by Chirac , as well as of Charles de Gaulle 's Fifth Republic .
France is a marvelously paradoxical country , so the search for novelty , if not modernity , could lead to the reinvention of the Fourth Republic , a parliamentary regime characterized by its weaknesses and instability .
Wrong analogies have already led America to disaster in Iraq , which had nothing in common with Germany or Japan after World War II -- the parallel that some in the Bush administration used in arguing that democracy could be made to sprout in former dictatorships through occupation .
The big picture then was that , with the transportation revolution and the deployment of mass armies , war could no longer be seen as the continuation of politics through other means .
Why is Obama so different from the other presidential candidates , and why could he make such a large difference internationally ?
Where else in the world could they meet so many of their potential partners or customers , including heads of emerging states , in one place ?
Conformism flows naturally from these encounters and creates a world in which everybody tends to think alike , as if a truly global community could create a global way of thinking , even if positions on how to address the current financial crisis are varied .
This trend , if it is confirmed by reality , could signify the end of what Davos stands for : an open , global , and transparent world .
Sarkozy Agonistes `` Why do they hate us ? '' asked the Americans of the Islamic fundamentalists after 9\/11 . `` Why do they not like me ? '' could be the question asked by Nicolas Sarkozy to the French after more than one year in power .
The opportunity that Saakashvili presented to him to signal to the world Russia could no longer be humiliated was simply too tempting .
Such a strategy could lead to the opening of negotiations with Iran , and of course to a further closing of ranks within NATO .
America could regain it under Obama , but not under McCain .
On the night of November 4 , countless Americans and non-Americans felt that ideals could indeed become facts .
And one could multiply the subjects of possible tensions , from nuclear disarmament -- too much for the French , too little for many others -- to the best ways to deal with Iran , Russia , and China .
But now one could describe him as `` Sarkozy the Westerner . ''
As a visiting professor at Harvard and MIT , I am getting a good preview of what the world could look like when the crisis finally passes .
It could be said without any exaggeration that the weight of the Holocaust is even more present today than it was decades ago .
Twenty years ago , right after the fall of the Berlin Wall , one could say `` I want Europe so much that I am willing to accept one Germany '' -- a revolutionary move if one had in mind the French writer François Mauriac 's famous joke , `` I like Germany so much , I want two of them . ''
In Afghanistan , the danger is that a terrorist haven could be reconstituted .
How could I be so critical of Mao ?
The period when India was forgotten or an afterthought is at an end , and with it the period when India could forget about the world .
Let 's imagine , then , what could happen if a mad man imbued with an absolute ideology controlled a nuclear weapon .
How could I have guessed that this last point would fuel the psychopathic hatred of a young Norwegian man ?
The fact that the king could sometimes be seen carrying his skis into the metro , like an ordinary citizen , was for me a source of admiration .
But , in the aftermath of the Norwegian tragedy , many French like the idea , rightly or wrongly , that in France no gathering of hundreds of young people could have taken place without the reassuring presence of well-armed policemen .
But in psychological and political terms , the deal signed could only be perceived as legitimizing for Iran 's nuclear ambitions , not to mention North Korea 's .
We neither could nor should seek to put an end to globalization .
His objective is to diversify Cuba 's foreign relations and prevent problems that any change in these countries could cause his regime -- a constant imperative since the collapse of the Soviet Union .
Still others blame the `` invisible hand of America , '' which is supposed to fear that Iran and Turkey could become too powerful .
A warming of relations with the US could set in play two types of dynamics : one originates with the OECD 's development initiative for the Middle East and North Africa -LRB- MENA -RRB- , created in 2004 .
That earthquake could prove monumental , depending on how Hezbollah responds to any indictment over Hariri 's murder .
With the popularity of President Jacques Chirac and Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin -- and French rightist forces more broadly -- in steep decline , a `` no '' vote could have tipped the public against ratification .
Clearly , political calculations played a role : Fabius intuitively felt that the French , especially those on the left , oppose the construction of Europe in its current form , and that carrying the banner of rejection could win him the party leadership -- and thus its presidential nomination in 2007 .
First , it could stick with the Nice treaty as the basis of the Union 's operation .
Under its terms , the European Council 's presidency would have far greater stability ; in place of the current six-month rotating presidency , a European political leader who could command the necessary support would be elected to serve as President for two and a half years .
A final point worth emphasizing is that the Lisbon treaty moves away from many of the ideas that could serve as the foundations of a European federal super-state .
There are , of course , dissidents , and the balance could shift quickly .
But an advanced country could also undertake mitigation efforts in the developing world and thus earn additional credits equal to the full value of its mitigation efforts -LRB- thus allowing more emissions at home -RRB- .
A sensible approach could be to hedge against intermediate-level shocks .
To my eyes , the event could be taking place in Barcelona , Lyon , or Naples .
The UfM could offer a model for coexistence to a world injured by dictatorship and fear of Islamic fundamentalism .
For the same reasons , a new Mediterranean union could be a framework for a new moral vibrancy , informed by the same universal values that mobilized the young in Tunisia , Egypt , and beyond -- freedom , individual responsibility and accountability , transparency , tolerance , solidarity with the weak and oppressed , justice , gender equality , and other fundamental human and democratic rights .
Finally , one would hope that the concept of belonging to the same Mediterranean family could bring about new solutions to old conflicts -- for example , offering Palestinians and Israelis alike the healing that both peoples desire , but which the dying old Arab order failed to achieve .
But if they are being driven by rage , then a lack of clear goals might merely produce more anger and frustration , which in turn could eventually lead to physical violence and some kind of political nihilism .
Previously , the question of Europe 's final shape could be postponed or finessed .
Others wish that Germany could be like Switzerland and retreat from a complex world that poses too many moral challenges .
While the common currency has benefited all countries that have adopted it -- not least as an anchor in the current economic crisis -- the failure of euro-zone members to abide by their agreement risk could yet turn the euro into a disaster .
If expelling even one member could establish a more credible mechanism for guaranteeing fiscal discipline in the euro zone than the SGP and financial fines have proven to be , the price would be more than worth it .
They fear , with reason , that extending freedoms and developing individual autonomy within the family -- and so weakening patriarchal authority -- could lead to a questioning in the public arena of the ideological basis of state power .
Thereafter , a good Confucian could , with untroubled conscience , scorn the Buddhist renunciation of the world .
At about the same time , the Chinese scholar Yen Fu -- whose translations of Adam Smith , John Stuart Mill , Herbert Spencer , and Montesquieu were read even by the young Mao -- also concluded that filial piety fostered habits of disciplined subordination to authority that could be applied to the factory and the polity .
The elections could bring Zimbabweans a chance to end the long dictatorship of President Robert Mugabe .
But , without supervision , they will be held in an environment that could dash Zimbabweans ' hopes .
But it is also true that with adequate political will , the UN Security Council could live up to its responsibility to Zimbabweans by responding to the crisis more aggressively .
As for the regional and world community , their actions today and in the coming weeks could make the difference between a reprise of the violence in Kenya and the first step towards a more stable and democratic future .
A Mousavi presidency could lead to foreign policies that incorporate engagement with the United States and European Union on a number of issues , including Iran 's nuclear program .
And an easing of US-Iranian tensions over the next few months , even if unaccompanied by substantive advances in the relationship , could improve the prospect for a fairer , less manipulated election result .
For favored supporters , the rewards could be much greater : mansions , luxurious apartments , the latest cars .
I remember how much we agonized before we could print our first literary review , Al-Badeel -LRB- The Alternative -RRB- , early years in our forced exile more than twenty years ago , starting in Lebanon .
Obama and Russian President Dmitri Medvedev have agreed to reduce their strategic arsenals to 1,550 weapons each -- far more than the 1,000 that Obama had in mind , but nonetheless a huge step that could bring about further cuts .
Only then could they be banned and their total elimination begin .
Obama 's vision could thus become reality 20 years from now , provided that the US and Russia take the first steps this year .
To suggest it as an opening move could damage European security and jeopardize transatlantic cohesion , so the message has to be `` no '' to unilateral withdrawal , but `` yes '' to including these weapons in future arms-control negotiations .
Now , however , it appears that the authorities wanted only a small , managed opening , on the assumption that they could control the outcome .
Given the limited number of skilled personnel available to humanitarian agencies , human resources could follow the money .
Despite headway towards settling that struggle , violence continues and could erupt again in full fury .
It even insisted that it could imprison an American citizen , José Padilla , incommunicado for an indefinite period without criminal charges until , faced with the prospect of Supreme Court review , it suddenly pressed charges that had nothing to do with the allegations that had formed the basis for his detention .
We are thus slowly reaching the point where some of those contemplating crimes such as those committed by Slobodan Milosevic must recognize that one day they could be held accountable .
Yet without the legitimacy derived from the Universal Declaration and its role in promoting compliance , the nongovernmental human rights movement could not have developed into a global force .
When those indictments were issued , no one could have predicted how events would unfold ; in retrospect , it is evident that the indictments ' delegitimizing effects had important consequences .
The Court is still in its infancy , and antagonizing the many government leaders expressing solidarity with him could jeopardize its future .
The original Goldstone Report could have limited its conclusory judgment to an assertion that Israel did not meet its obligation under the international laws of armed conflict to take all feasible measures to minimize harm to civilians .
So Saddam could be tried only before a new ad hoc tribunal established for that purpose , such as those previously created for ex-Yugoslavia and Rwanda .
He could also be tried before a national court in a country that accepts the idea of universal jurisdiction , as happened in Spain as well as in the United Kingdom in the case of Chile 's former dictator , General Augusto Pinochet .
Without amnesty from a body such as the UN Security Council , the theoretical possibility that he could be prosecuted would be preserved . He could not move freely .
Potentially , there are three bodies of law that could govern the treatment of these prisoners :
Mugabe 's decision to shut down Zimbabwe 's only independent newspaper , The Daily News , could prove to be crucial in weakening the support that he still enjoys in the region .
It thus sometimes achieved indirectly what could not be done directly : the leveraging of American influence to promote human rights .
Vilks argued that his work was a provocation aimed at revealing the selective liberalism within the Swedish intellectual establishment -- its multiculturalism , one could say .
Even when China 's voice could be decisive in resolving crises or preventing bloodshed , instead of acting , its diplomats repeat the old platitudes about non-interference .
Moreover , the suspicions of China 's neighbors fueled by its rise could be partly allayed by such efforts to improve regional stability .
After China 's government became aware that independent grassroots movements could convince ordinary Chinese where government propaganda had failed , it lifted its initial ban on reporting on Tibet .
Long before Russia 's Duma election on December 7th , one could predict the outcome : victory for the Edinstvo -LRB- Unity -RRB- party , President Vladimir Putin 's main parliamentary ally .
A dull presentation could have adversely affected the party 's rating .
Most forecasts estimated that United Russia , led by such prominent politicians as Interior Minister Boris Gryzlov , Emergencies Minister Sergei Shoigu , and Moscow Mayor Yuri Luzhkov , could take up to 30 % of the popular vote .
Back then , most of the country was not governed at all , half of the economy 's productive capacity vanished , the Kremlin could not get a single reform law through the Communist Duma , and only lazy people were not talking about the country 's disintegration .
Many commentators have reproached Putin for agreeing to take a job that they say is beneath him -- assuming responsibility for road-building , social services , inflation , and many other problems that could undermine his popularity .
He could , however , smooth over some of the rougher edges of Putin 's energy policy -- a small concession here , a new deal there -- but only at the fringes .
Finance ministers could tax unhealthy food and subsidize healthy food .
The implementation of the WHO 's strategy could lead to one of the largest-ever positive shifts in human health , putting populations throughout the world on pathways to lifelong and sustained improvements in well-being .
From then on , most brain scientists believed , brain circuits could only be modified by altering the synapses , or contacts between existing cells .
We now know that the brain has the potential to grow new brain cells to replace others that have died . This potential could be used to repair damaged circuits .
Public employees were informed that the draft constitution was a government project that they had to support , and newspaper and broadcast journalists were warned that their licenses could be revoked after a radio station aired an interview with a parliamentarian who opposed Kibaki 's constitution .
If we continue with business-as-usual emissions from activities such as burning fossil fuels and cutting down forests , concentrations could reach 750 ppm by the end of the century .
Investments in energy efficiency and low-carbon technologies could also pull the global economy out of its economic slowdown over the next couple of years .
More importantly , in driving the transition to low-carbon growth , these technologies could create the most dynamic and innovative period in economic history , surpassing that of the introduction of railways , electricity grids , or the internet .
The choice in Copenhagen will be stark , and the stakes could not be higher .
The timing could not be better , as the Euro-Atlantic family has entered a critical period .
But supporting that smallholder in launching a farming business that could generate a five-fold increase in income amounts to poverty eradication .
While Europeans chew on that , they should also reflect on what the Cairo speech could mean for their own position in the Middle East .
If only , then , Europeans could learn to address America with one voice .
Suleman does not have a decent job , but she managed to invest in costly fertility treatments and could afford many expensive cosmetic surgeries .
Bewitched by symbols of affluence and a level of consumption that she could not afford , she acted like a child herself , with no thought to the future .
The real estate bubble inflated and collapsed partly because millions of Americans borrowed more than they could afford to repay -- and knew it .
The law now affects only the Shia minority , but threatens to affect pending legislation that could restrict the rights of non-Shia women as well .
The message : girls could be tough , and boys were allowed not to be .
Moreover , in her description of our evolution , Fisher notes that males who could tolerate long periods of silence -LRB- waiting for animals while in hunt mode -RRB- survived to pass on their genes , thus genetically selecting to prefer `` space . ''
The Ayatollahs ' Tipping Point SOUTHAMPTON , ENGLAND -- Once the crowds were in the streets in Tehran , one could , if one knew the script , begin the countdown : if today there are mass protests , tomorrow there will be threats of retaliation in the name of `` national security . ''
In the United States , street protests helped bring the Vietnam war to an end , and the mass protests of the civil rights movement showed that , as Martin Luther King , Jr. put it , `` business as usual '' could no longer continue .
Second , perhaps he needs to be able to try the Guantánamo detainees in a rigged setting , or even keep them from trial forever : lawyers claim that torture , including sexual torture , was so endemic in the CIA and the military that Obama could be holding scores , if not hundreds , of prisoners whose bodies are crime scenes .
At that time , newspapers held the public 's focus and could be a powerful gadfly .
A new form could evolve from this changed power relationship between editors and citizens , potentially becoming as powerful as traditional journalism , if not more so .
If one imagines a deviant group in some society gaining access to biological or nuclear materials , it is possible terrorists could destroy millions of lives .
Japan and Korea demonstrated that democracy could be combined with indigenous values in Asia .
Its members agreed that there could be `` nightmare scenarios '' that combine the two and might require the preventive use of force .
Enlarging the Council could make maters worse .
As he looks ahead to the verdict of history , he seems to realize that hard power alone will not consolidate his reputation , but he remains hostage to incidents and accidents that could drive even his best-laid plans off course .
Rapid economic growth has brought output back to two-fifths of the world total today , and the Bank speculates that Asia could return to its historical levels by 2025 .
The US economy is about twice the size of China 's ; if it grows by only 2 % annually , and China 's economy grows by 6 % , they could reach parity sometime after 2025 .
Creating a rule of law and institutions for political participation has lagged behind economic growth , and growing inequality , massive internal migration , an inadequate social safety net , and corruption could foster political instability .
China 's inability to compete with the US on a global basis does not mean that it could not challenge the US in East Asia , or that war over Taiwan is impossible .
Unchecked , however , these conflicting views could have dangerous effects by limiting the cooperation that is needed to address common vulnerabilities .
With over a third of the world 's population and two of the globe 's highest economic growth rates , an alliance between China and India could be a serious factor in world politics .
For a start , Bush could learn to get out of the way and encourage more popular and grassroots contacts .
By mid-century , Japan 's population could shrink by 30 % unless it attracts 17 million immigrants -- a hard task in a country historically resistant to immigration .
Yao Ming , the Chinese star of the National Basketball Association 's Houston Rockets , could become another Michael Jordan , and China is set to host the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Moreover , in the US , the attraction of an authoritarian China is limited by the concern that it could become a future threat .
If it were merely a matter of rogue states , we could think that progress is being made .
Even before new technologies produce that amount of fuel , the US could switch to imports from Nigeria , Venezuela , and other countries .
Gorbachev said that security was a game from which all could benefit through cooperation .
By contrast , if the Communist Party 's Politburo had chosen one of Gorbachev 's hard-line competitors in 1985 , it is plausible that the declining Soviet Union could have held on for another decade or so .
The Soviet Union could not keep up .
Now Rumsfeld finally realizes the importance of winning hearts and minds , but , as The Economist put it , `` a good part of his speech was focused on how with slicker PR America could win the propaganda war . ''
Europe has used the attractiveness of its Union to obtain outcomes it wants , just as the US has acted as though its military pre-eminence could solve all problems .
If Iran were interested solely in peaceful uses , the Russian offer or some other plan -LRB- such as placing stocks of low enriched uranium in Iran -RRB- could meet their needs .
Some argue that it could become the basis of stable nuclear deterrence in the region , analogous to the nuclear standoff between the United States and the Soviet Union during the Cold War .
They will likely follow suit , and the more weapons proliferate in the volatile Middle East , the more likely it is that accidents and miscalculations could lead to their use .
The process of protracted strikes could thwart positive political changes among the younger generation , thus reducing the chances of a more democratic and benign Iran emerging in the future .
Moreover , Iran 's support of terrorist organizations , such as Hezbollah , could bring violence to other countries .
With the outcome of Bush 's ill-advised war in Iraq uncertain and his legacy depending heavily upon finding a political solution , Iran 's support for Iraqi Shiite radicals could give it considerable leverage .
Iran has threatened to leave the NPT if sanctions are imposed , and Russia and China worry that even modest targeted sanctions could escalate and ultimately legitimize an American use of force that they wish to avoid .
But both realize that a failure to resolve the issue in the context of the UN -LRB- in which they are major stakeholders as permanent members of the Security Council -RRB- could severely damage the future of that institution .
The diplomatic package could be made more attractive if the US would add more positive incentives .
Through a credible intermediary , the US could offer to consider security guarantees and relief from existing sanctions if Iran agrees to forego domestic enrichment and accept the Russian offer , perhaps garbed as an IAEA-backed international consortium in which Iran could participate .
By increasing economic and cultural ties , diplomacy might unleash the soft power that could contribute to more gradual regime transformation over the longer term .
After the first trans-Atlantic cable in 1868 , Europe and America could communicate in a minute .
And if such actors disrupt the flow of oil from the Persian Gulf , home to two-thirds of the world 's reserves , a global depression like that of the 1930 's could strengthen protectionism further .
But the events described above could reverse such policies .
In that case , the flat world could become a desert .
During its first term , the Bush administration hoped that it could solve the North Korean nuclear problem through regime change .
It could use force , and some officials have argued that if North Korea launched a war in response to a limited American air strike , Kim would lose his regime .
But is unlikely that an air strike would destroy North Korea 's hidden facilities , which include more than 10,000 artillery tubes buried in caves along the demilitarized zone , North Korea could simply shell Seoul in response and wreak havoc on the South Korean economy .
Al-Qaeda lost its central organizational capacity , but it became a symbol and focal point around which like-minded imitators could rally .
We have a just cause and many potential allies , but our failure to combine hard and soft power into a smart strategy could be fatal .
Of course , the fact that China is unlikely to compete with the US on a global basis does not mean that it could not challenge the US in East Asia , or that war over Taiwan is not possible .
So President George W. Bush could quietly tell Abe that we welcome good relations between Japan and China , and that prime ministerial visits to the Yasukuni Shrine undercut Japan 's own interests in East Asia .
For example , NATO did not conduct the Gulf War in 1991 or the initial Afghan campaign , but NATO planning and training meant that members could cooperate effectively when called upon to do so .
The new relationship with Russia needs careful management , and rapid extension of membership to former Soviet republics like Ukraine and Georgia could prove difficult .
The French worry that NATO 's global ambition , particularly in East Asia , could produce friction with China .
In such chaos , it was difficult to do the reconstruction and development work that could have made Iraqi lives better and attracted support .
Each of Iraq 's neighbors has its own interests , but none will benefit from chaotic violence there , which would increase Iran 's influence , encourage Kurdish separatism to the worry of Turkey , and support Sunni terrorist movements that could spill back into Jordan , Kuwait , Syria , and Saudi Arabia .
Some neo-conservative pundits drew the conclusion that the US was so powerful that it could decide what it thought was right , and others would have to follow .
In my view , a focus on global public goods -- things everyone can consume without diminishing their availability to others -- could help America reconcile its preponderant power with others ' interests .
The US could gain doubly , both from the public goods themselves , and from the way they legitimize its preponderant power in the eyes of others .
In 2003 , the US could not even get Mexico and Chile to vote to support a second resolution on Iraq in the UN Security Council .
He suggests something like an `` L-14 '' would be an effective group to reflect the world as it is evolving , and could be quickly accomplished by expanding the current G-8 to include China , India , Brazil , South Africa , Mexico , and a Muslim country .
For example , the UN could not prevent the invasion of Iraq in 2003 , but the absence of its imprimatur greatly raised the costs to the American and British governments .
Many developing countries , in particular , remain jealous of their sovereignty and fear that the new principle could infringe it .
But , given the danger of incidents that could grow out of political competition in Taiwan or growing impatience in the Peoples ' Liberation Army on the mainland , the US would be wise to encourage more active contacts and negotiations by the two sides .
If China replaces its eroded communism with nationalism or ensure social cohesion , the result could be a more aggressive foreign policy and unwillingness to deal with issues like climate change .
More open trade , economic growth , education , development of civil society institutions , and gradual increases in political participation might help strengthen the mainstream over time , as could the way Muslims are treated in Europe and the US .
Roosevelt never thought that staffs had a monopoly on judgment or information , and has been described as seeking advice from anybody he could : cabinet members , congressmen , newspaper columnists , interest groups , citizens , and friends .
If both countries ' economies continue to grow at their current rates , China 's could be larger than America 's in 30 years , but US per capita income will still be four times greater .
The danger is that Party leaders , trying to counter the erosion of communism , will turn to nationalism to provide ideological glue , which could lead to an unstable foreign policy -- including , for example , conflict over Taiwan .
Handled properly , the simultaneous rise of China and India could be good for all countries .
A lifetime of social reinforcement based on their genetically given looks may have encoded into their voice patterns a tone of confidence that could be projected over the phone .
Any pathological group of extremists could destroy New Delhi , Tokyo , Paris , or any city they chose .
This deal could then be given teeth by the UN Security Council .
The pot could be further sweetened by offers to relax existing sanctions and provide a security guarantee if Iran remains non-nuclear .
Moreover , some countries , such as Russia , which could benefit economically from a warmer Siberia , have different incentives from countries like Bangladesh , a poor country that is likely to be flooded by rising sea levels that will accompany global warming .
That is a conservative estimate , and if warming proceeds more rapidly because of the loss of the reflectivity of Arctic ice and the release of CO2 and methane from thawing permafrost , rising sea levels could lead to the submersion of low-lying islands and hence threaten the survival of entire nations .
If rising sea levels flood the Maldive Islands , the effects of climate change would be as devastating as a nuclear bomb , and even for the United States and Europe , the damage to , say , Florida or the Netherlands could be just as costly .
Another event that could turn the tables would be an `` October surprise '' associated with terrorism , which could switch the agenda from the financial crisis back to security , the Republicans ' stronger suit .
A recent BBC poll of 22 countries found that if the world could vote , Obama would win in a landslide . The pro-Obama margin varied from 82 % in Kenya -LRB- where Obama 's father was born -RRB- to 9 % in India .
More recently , many claimed that with the rise of China and the petro-states , an American slowdown could be decoupled from the rest of the world .
A pandemic spread by birds or travelers on jet aircraft could kill more people than perished in World Wars I or II .
The control systems that electric power companies use are thought vulnerable to attack , which could shut down cities and regions for days or weeks .
Part of what made the war in Bosnia so complicated for the international community was the problem of assessing how much of the fighting could be attributed to tensions among Bosnian Croats , Serbs , and Muslims , and how much of the violence was caused by Serbia 's intervention .
Today , with less than 10 % of the world 's states being homogeneous , treating self-determination as a primary moral principle could have disastrous consequences in many regions .
Internal self-determination could allow degrees of cultural , economic , and political autonomy similar to that which exists in countries like Switzerland or Belgium .
Many people were skeptical that an African-American with a strange name and little national experience could win .
Nelson Mandela could easily have chosen to define his group as black South Africans and sought revenge for the injustices of Apartheid and his own imprisonment .
Neo-conservative pundits drew the conclusion that the United States was so powerful that it could do whatever it wanted , and that others had no choice but to follow .
CAMBRIDGE -- The world economy will shrink this year for the first time since 1945 , and some economists worry that the current crisis could spell the beginning of the end of globalization .
Unless political leaders resist such responses , the past could become the future .
Thousands of scientists from more than 100 countries recently reported that there is new and strong evidence that most of the warming observed over the last 50 years is attributable to human activities , and average global temperatures in the twenty-first century are projected to increase between 2.5 and 10 degrees Fahrenheit . The result could be more severe variations in climate , with too much water in some regions and not enough in others .
Not only did it produce world-straddling alliances , but either side could have used intercontinental missiles to destroy the other within 30 minutes .
The danger today is that short-sighted protectionist reactions to the economic crisis could help to choke off the economic globalization that has spread growth and raised hundreds of millions of people out of poverty over the past half-century .
Bush 's invocation of democracy to justify the invasion of Iraq implied that democracy could be imposed at the barrel of a gun .
When some of the Bush administration 's more reasonable members are asked today how they could have taken the positions they did in 2002 , they cite the anthrax attacks that followed 9\/11 , the intelligence reports of an impending attack with nuclear materials , and the widespread fear of a second attack against the American people .
The second cause of China 's recent behavior could be hubris and overconfidence .
True , if China dumped its dollars on world markets , it could bring the American economy to its knees , but in doing so it would bring itself to its ankles .
After all , it was once widely asserted that an African-American without a political machine could not become president .
Mistrust of the government making this request could be the harbinger -- even the cause -- of national decline . ''
Its founders believed that a country the size of America is best governed locally , not nationally ... So the basic system works ; but that is no excuse for ignoring areas where it could be reformed , '' such as the gerrymandered safe seats in the House of Representatives and the blocking procedures of Senate rules and filibusters .
To some observers , this represents a fundamental shift in the global balance of power , because China could bring the US to its knees by threatening to sell its dollars .
Not only is immigration relevant to economic power , but , given that nearly all developed countries are aging and face a burden of providing for older generations , it could help reduce the sharpness of the policy problem .
But it seems unlikely that a revived Japan , a decade or two hence , could become a global challenger economically or militarily , as was predicted two decades ago .
After it withdrew from a restraining agreement negotiated by the Clinton administration in 1994 , it expelled International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors and began reprocessing spent fuel that could produce another six bombs ' worth of plutonium .
George W. Bush 's administration initially hoped that it could solve the North Korean nuclear problem through regime change .
But , with 15,000 artillery tubes embedded in the Demilitarized Zone , just 30 miles north of Seoul , North Korea knows that firing just a few shells could wreak havoc on the South Korean stock market and economy , while it has less to lose in comparison .
And the Chinese economy faces serious obstacles to sustainable rapid growth , owing to inefficient state-owned enterprises , growing inequality , massive internal migration , an inadequate social safety net , corruption , and inadequate institutions , all of which could foster political instability .
A Chinese military posture that is too aggressive could produce a countervailing coalition among its neighbors , thereby weakening China 's hard and soft power .
Ferguson believes that a doubling of public debt in the coming decade can not erode US strength on its own , but that it could weaken a long-assumed faith in America 's ability to weather any crisis .
True , China could bring the US to its knees by threatening to sell its dollar holdings .
With the end of the Cold War , the containment of the Soviet Union ushered in by Kissinger 's visit could no longer serve as the basis for US-China relations .
If we treated China as an enemy , we were guaranteeing an enemy in the future . If we treated China as a friend , we could not guarantee friendship , but we could at least keep open the possibility of more benign outcomes .
Only China , by its behavior , could organize the containment of China by others .
Instead of containment , the strategy that the Clinton administration devised could be termed `` integrate but hedge '' -- something like Ronald Reagan 's `` trust but verify '' approach to strategic agreements with the Soviets .
Bush 's invocation of democracy to justify the invasion of Iraq implied that democracy could be imposed at the barrel of a gun .
When some of the more reasonable members of the Bush administration are asked today how they could have taken the positions that they did in 2002 , they cite the anthrax attacks that followed 9\/11 , the intelligence reports of an impending attack with nuclear materials , and widespread public fear of a second attack .
Russia controlled great force , but it could not acquire power over the US from its arsenal .
Some government reports had anticipated the extent to which non-state actors could hurt large states , but their conclusions were not incorporated into official plans .
He was not able to do as much damage to the US as he hoped , but he managed to dominate the world agenda for a decade , and the ineptness of the initial American reaction meant that he could impose larger costs on the US than were necessary .
Its post-2008 recovery has slowed , and some observers fear that Europe 's financial problems could tip the American and world economy into a second recession .
Their votes could prove crucial in a tight contest .
The gap between the Yes and No sides remains within the margin of error and could easily reverse itself , as it did in the weeks leading up to the June referendum .
For the EU , the stakes could not be higher .
More recently , the state assumed the liabilities of rogue property developers by setting up a `` bad bank '' which could potentially saddle Irish taxpayers with a mountain of debt for decades to come .
For the same reason , the competence to decide upon the further allocation of competences had to remain a prerogative of the German state and could not be transferred to the EU .
The risk that the judges could rule the ESM illegal played no small part in efforts made in recent months by Chancellor Angela Merkel and President Nicolas Sarkozy to bind the EU to a revised and more intrusive economic governance framework , effected through an amendment to the existing treaties .
Rather than embracing a globally enforceable code of conduct that could paradoxically lead to a compulsory opening of capital accounts across the globe , the IMF , the G-20 , the Financial Stability Board , and other bodies should try to reduce the stigma attached to capital-account regulations and protect countries ' ability to deploy them .
Indeed , the IMF could help countries to prevent evasion of the regulations , and , together with the G-20 and the FSB , should lead a global dialogue about the extent to which countries should coordinate such regulations .
This could form the basis for industrialized countries to adjust their tax codes and deploy other types of regulation to keep capital at home , while emerging markets implement measures aimed at changing the composition and reducing the level of potentially destabilizing inflows .
With slowing world economic growth , US financing needs could cause a drop in investors ' confidence in the future of US-based assets , precipitating a sharp dollar depreciation .
But an internationally agreed set of policies could help reduce the risk of weaker growth in the major economies , maintain confidence in the stability of international financial markets , and avoid a hard landing for the dollar .
In the case of the IMF , the financing for such liquidity could be counter-cyclical issues of SDRs .
A similar institutional design could be adopted for prudential policies .
The overdraft facility could again be financed with counter-cyclical issues of SDRs .
The reform should also allow for a mechanism for countries to exchange their current dollar -LRB- and euro , yen , and pound -RRB- assets for SDRs , thus avoiding the disruptions that could be generated by the transition to the new system .
Moreover , a sharp appreciation of the renminbi could risk domestic deflation and a financial crisis .
The effectiveness of monetary expansion could be enhanced in advanced countries by reducing the leakages generated by the carry trade and other short-term capital outflows .
In the absence of such coordination , the unilateral approaches now in place could generate further distortions .
This proposal , while limited in scope , could play an important role in initiating discussion of deeper reforms while helping to restore the fragile world economy to health and achieve the aim expressed in the G-20 's Pittsburgh declaration : strong , sustainable , and balanced growth .
The G-20 could suggest that the IMF issue a significant volume of SDRs over the next three years .
For example , countries ' unused SDRs could be held as `` deposits '' by the IMF , which the Fund could then use to finance its lending programs .
A working group could be established to study other reforms that would enhance global financial stability further and address other global economic and financial objectives .
Alternatively , if those economic actors borrow from domestic financial institutions , regulations could resemble recent measures adopted in Brazil and South Korea , which include high capital and provision requirements for the associated liabilities .
More importantly , countries could use similar instruments , as part of a true international regulatory regime , to increase the effectiveness of their expansionary monetary policies .
At its inception , no one could have predicted that within two decades , electronic products would become a 50-million-ton global problem looking for local solutions .
Liu realized that Neusoft could link standard Intel chips and its own imaging software to a range of digital sensors . Neusoft 's equipment looks like little personal computers with sensors attached .
My parents put their hope in the Oslo Accords signed in 1993 , and decided that they could give us a better life here .
Nigeria , a fragile coalition of ethnic groups , may not be sliding into a second civil war -LRB- yet -RRB- , but inter-ethnic relations could worsen if the Boko Haram menace is not quickly tackled .
But a hardening of the mood there , and a brokered armistice between its disenchanted youth and older but vastly more experienced political war horses , will not only present PRONACO with a formidable opponent , but could throw West Africa into turmoil if matters degenerate into a frontal clash .
The Supreme Court has a new chief justice whose ruling in the Abubakar case demonstrated that he could be counted on to intervene on the side of fair play , but it is not clear what constitutional instrument could be used to resolve the election crisis before the hand-over date .
Nor do they voice their concern that AFRICOM could be part of an American effort to exert control on West Africa 's oil-producing countries .
His election is being challenged in court by other candidates , and Western backing could play a role in stabilizing his government .
This could have far-reaching consequences for the PDP and the country .
Even if they overcome their reservations and back Ribadu or Buhari , and either candidate goes on to beat Jonathan at the polls , angry Delta youths could respond with fresh violence against oil workers , disrupting production .
Other trouble spots -- central Nigeria , where ethnic tensions are simmering , and the far north , the stomping ground of Boko Haram , a violent Muslim sect -- could get sucked into election-related violence .
The CPC 's poor showing in the North 's parliamentary polls could be an indication that the region 's influential conservative politicians , whom Buhari took on when , as an army general , he toppled the Second Republic in a bloodless coup in December 1983 , have neither forgiven nor forgotten .
If , however , the opposition parties resolve their differences and manage to stitch together a firm common platform , they could force Jonathan into a runoff .
In such a scenario , Uzbekistan could play the same cooperative-neighbor role for the US that Pakistan played during the latter years of the Cold War .
Thus , they can not accept that more robust multilateral institutions , confidence , cooperation , and interdependence could assure international security .
None of this lowers growth or increases energy costs , and some of it potentially stimulates growth . Similarly , a global change to a new , more distributed power sector -- with more renewable energy and a smarter grid infrastructure -- could have growth benefits .
Rather than attacking Communist rule directly , we would create small islands of freedom , inter-connected social circles and associations , which , when the moment came , could all be connected in order to change the system .
It appeared symbolically on June 16 , 1989 , when I had the opportunity to speak on behalf of the young generation . A whole generation felt that the moment had come when Hungarians could at last determine their own future .
But , as Western governments -- and European Union government , in particular -- respond , they should view Lukashenko 's brutal crackdown as a major turning point : the moment when the regime could no longer claim popular support and was forced to confront the failure of its antediluvian socioeconomic model .
The rest of the EU has followed suit on sanctions against top officials , but could do more to liberalize travel for citizens .
Then , crisis erupted in May , when the country ran low on foreign-currency reserves and traders could not purchase the dollars they needed .
As inflation skyrocketed , Belarusians bought anything of value that they could , from food to used cars . Belarus , which had been known -LRB- and praised by some -RRB- as a socialist haven in Europe , with a relatively generous welfare state and decent , if low , wages , suddenly has become an economic basket case .
Premature euroization would keep interest rates low , but it could create a large gap between an imprudently low official inflation risk premium and the inflation risk premium that would be set by an independent monetary policy with floating exchange rates .
Entering the eurozone could drive up the candidates ' external debt-service costs -- thus adding to the fiscal burden -- if the euro remains weaker in dollar terms than their national currencies .
But if they `` euroize '' too soon , candidate countries could find themselves with lower domestic interest rates but a higher external default risk .
A specific commitment to adopt the euro at the earliest possible date could serve as the same sort of springboard as the push to join the EU in the 1990 's .
Each should be regarded as an urgent matter by the new government , and each , if handled adroitly , could be `` sold '' to the public as the type of popular reform that people have been demanding .
When the Taliban came to power in Afghanistan in 1996 , they initially had excellent relations with the Americans , and Westerners could travel freely in Afghanistan between 1996 and 1998 .
Central American leaders could implement limited banking reforms to offer incentives to emigrants to save remittances and invest in their home countries .
Other ESC members could enhance their participation by forming groups based on geographical proximity or political criteria -LRB- non-NATO EU members could share a seat -RRB- .
In addition to the millions already pushed into poverty in 2008-09 , another 64 million could fall into extreme poverty during 2010 as a result of the combined , lingering effects of the crisis .
And yet that could very well happen .
The US Secretary of State 's decision to make her first overseas trip to Asia , particularly China , was a smart one and , if done with aplomb , could yield enormous returns for the Obama administration as it attempts to re-establish world leadership .
China should take up Clinton 's call for collaboration on climate change , which could possibly become a paradigm-shifting issue in Sino-US relations , much as the united front against the Soviet Union did in 1972 , when Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger went to China to begin normalizing relations .
Moreover , with India poking Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the eye over her climate-change entreaties , the world could easily see an even more unified and unyielding bloc emerge among developing countries .
Since China had been bullied , invaded , semi-colonized , and even occupied during most of his formative years , he was deeply suspicious that any foreign country -- even a `` fraternal '' Communist ally -- could ever be relied upon to leave China alone , much less actually help it .
Nonetheless , this most recent spurning of Chinese efforts to invest in the US comes at a time when capital-poor and job-scarce America -LRB- where unemployment is over 10 % -RRB- could truly benefit from more receptivity to investment from capital-rich China .
Or , for a start , the existing railroad link between the two countries could be made operational .
Turkey believed that by signing protocols with Armenia and clearly indicating its readiness to open the border , the Armenians could somehow be cajoled or pressured into resolving the Nagorno-Karabakh problem more quickly or cede territories surrounding Nagorno-Karabakh .
It is time for both countries ' leaders to speak privately and directly with each other , with an understanding of the instability that could result from any failure to complete the diplomatic opening that the two sides initiated .
Worse , there is serious acrimony between Russia and the rest on many matters , including a new , alternative security architecture , which Russian President Dmitri Medvedev imagines could be placed under the OSCE 's umbrella .
That search could lead to the only conflict in the OSCE in which the organization has a direct role : the dispute between Armenians and Azerbaijanis over the ethnically Armenian Nagorno-Karabakh .
But , given Armenia 's alliance with Russia and Azerbaijan 's close ties with Turkey , an eruption over Karabakh could very well escalate regionally .
Shimon Peres , seasoned political wizard that he is , could give his largely ceremonial role a fresh edge by helping all sides out of the muddle .
Peres could , for example , make both Livni and Netanyahu prime ministers , using a two-year rotation formula .
Alternatively , Livni could concede victory to Netanyahu despite her small electoral advantage , serve in his government , and pull her weight in favor of moderation .
She embodies the meager good news of this election : Middle Israel is alive and large , though not as effective as it could be .
Once again , an army intended for self-defense on the battlefield was sent on a mission that only diplomacy , humanity , and tact could resolve .
In some African countries , for example , yields could decline by as much as 50 % by 2020 .
Climate change would also lead to increased water stress , which by 2020 could affect 75-250 million people in Africa alone .
Even at the lower estimate , the consequences of climate change could be severe in several parts of the world , including an increase in water stress , serious effects on ecosystems and food security , and threats to life and property as a result of coastal flooding .
The world could actually enhance economic output and welfare by pursuing a path of mitigation .
These were the circumstances in which Charles Darwin found himself in the late 1830 's and early 1840 's , when he developed the principle of natural selection and its revolutionary implication : all the Earth 's life forms could have evolved from a single common ancestor .
Unexpected yen appreciation could cause large carry trade exchange rate losses , as could unexpected closing of the interest rate gap with Japan .
Raising rates could alleviate those fears , increasing consumer confidence and spending .
Finally , most people are incredulous that economists could be so audacious as to enforce one view of economics .
Given lack of storage capacity , this could quickly lower prices and burn speculators .
Moreover , the automakers are essential for closing the trade deficit , and their demise could bring another surge in imports .
The opposition of the Federal Reserve and Treasury to hands-on intervention meant that they were slow to understand that merely ring-fencing the commercial banks could not save the financial system .
There are undoubtedly colossal problems in Detroit , and the bosses of the Big Three automakers could never be convicted of an excess of imagination .
Changing entrenched attitudes could not happen overnight : it required a step-by-step process of confidence-building measures , from the grassroots level to the heights of political power .
In particular , the Ecumenical Patriarchate in Istanbul could be a great example of peaceful coexistence among Christians and Muslims .
Only a new approach could break the mold of conventional wisdom .
People living in these areas need peace and stability , not a fragile status quo that could suddenly shatter and turn violent .
That risk would be exacerbated by the eruption of a major default-related crisis within the eurozone , which might not be contained and , through a Lehman-like domino sequence , could jeopardize the entire edifice .
It could be argued , for example , that Eurobonds would allow eurozone members to pool their financial strength and , by enhancing the attractiveness of the euro as a reserve currency , hold down borrowing costs to such an extent that AAA-rated countries are not overburdened .
Legal problems could also be overcome in the short term by designing Eurobonds to include credit guarantees , repayment priorities , and the use of specific tax streams as collateral .
So long as the eurozone 's systemic risk is not addressed , sovereign defaults are not unlikely , leading to extended bank bailouts that could carry unacceptable costs .
In that case , a full-blown banking crisis could bring about a depression in the eurozone and , perhaps , globally .
But what if , instead of trying to mimic nature , a new kind of life could be invented from scratch ?
On the scale of atomic dimensions , Feynman pointed out , all 24 volumes of the Encyclopedia Britannica could fit on the head of a pin .
Supplied with raw materials , assemblers could be programmed to build whatever we need , including more assemblers .
But all of this sensitive diplomacy could be wrecked if , in response to rising unemployment , there is an outbreak of trade protectionism involving America , Europe , and China .
That is when the economic and environmental agendas could fatally collide .
One thing all these experts could agree on is that President George W. Bush was a disaster .
These `` wise men , '' advisers one and all to President Bill Clinton and other presidents , all seem to concede that the failure of the proposed Camp David accord in 2000 could not , after all , be laid solely at Arafat 's door . Former Israeli premier Ehud Barak should carry his share of the blame .
And I suppose that it is conceivable that it could still happen with the help of welcome new mediators like Qatar and Turkey , whose prime minister called Israel 's attack `` a serious crime against humanity . ''
At its heart lay a simple proposition : the republicans , who called for and bombed for a United Ireland -- hammering together the predominantly Protestant North and the overwhelmingly Catholic South -- accepted that constitutional change could come only through the ballot box .
Interestingly , the issue of police reform was the only one that the political parties could not resolve by themselves .
But analogies are not always wrong , and those that were wrong in the past could prove correct today . One of the arguments for the Vietnam War was the so-called domino theory . If South Vietnam was to fall to the Communists , other countries in South-East Asia would tumble before Communist insurgency .
It did n't matter what you could see with your own eyes .
All that is left is to restore the fortunes of England 's national football and cricket teams . Perhaps he could fit that in on weekends .
While Israeli public opinion has usually appeared to run well ahead of its political leaders in the approach to peace , it is difficult to see how one could act over their heads .
His greatest achievement was the peace deal in Northern Ireland . That historic triumph depended on bringing in Sinn Fein politicians -- leaders of the Irish Republican movement who in many cases could not be distinguished from the IRA , which bombed , shot , and maimed civilians in pursuit of its political goals .
The decades of rapacious war lords , greedy imperialists , and Japanese invaders were over ; China could stand up -- though much misery still lay ahead as Mao 's tyranny put down its roots .
Maoism was a curious and unique mixture of class warfare and socialist leveling , all enunciated by a man who believed that individuals -- or at least Mao himself -- could shape history rather than be formed by its tides and currents .
At the very least , we could set out our own policy , beginning with an effort to end the fragmentation of Palestine and Palestinians between the West Bank , Gaza , and East Jerusalem .
Each leader has been carefully groomed to avoid the sort of gaffes that could cost his party the election , and thus far , not one has shot himself in the foot .
Then they could converge with the more efficient and prudently managed economies , like Germany .
But today lacks leadership , and tomorrow could be far more dangerous as a result .
While research by the Pew Centers suggested that the aspirations of families in the Middle East were similar to those elsewhere , many of us went along with the comfortable delusion that Muslim-majority societies could n't manage and did n't want democracy .
Moreover , provided they were not too troublesome politically over Israel , they could earn a well-paid seat at our table .
Europeans would show that we could embrace an Islamic democracy and build a strong bridge between Europe and Western Asia .
There was a forum where Israelis and their long-term Arab foes could sit together and discuss other matters than the West Bank and the Gaza Strip .
Unlike the so-called `` chicken hawks '' who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , McCain 's life is not at odds with his politics .
Whatever else you say about the governor 's views , no one could call the choice of the `` hockey mom '' from Alaska a bold bid for consensus .
If only we could all vote as well as watch and listen , because the outcome is vital for everyone around the world .
It would be a welcome surprise if a comprehensive follow-up to the Kyoto Treaty could be agreed next year .
Most also agree that the rate of heating is accelerating and that the consequences could become increasingly disruptive .
Other factors -- declines in mosquito-control and other public health programs , or rising drug and pesticide resistance -- could be involved .
Aquaculture , the farming of fish and other aquatic organisms , could in principle ameliorate the coming shortfall .
Given that resource extraction per square kilometer in Africa is about 20 % of the OECD average , the total volume of extraction could easily grow fivefold .
High prices and future discoveries will generate money flows so vast that , if properly managed , they could transform desperately poor parts of Africa into regions of prosperity .
After ploughing the land in preparation for winter wheat , however , the farmers slaughtered the cattle because they could not keep them fed throughout the winter , because no fodder was provided .
In another instance a dashing young Afghan , who convinced the program 's administrators that his uncle -LRB- in reality a nonentity -RRB- represented many growers whom he could persuade to stop cultivating poppy , walked away with one hundred thousand dollars worth of aid .
Another bitter irony was that , in areas that received assistance , neighboring farmers who cultivated food crops soon switched to cultivating poppy because then , too , could then qualify for aid .
Now , anti-EU attitudes could well become stronger .
Throughout the accession process , the EU made it clear that it could not and would not offer the same level of economic solidarity as it offered previous newcomers to the Union .
The new members could , of course , benefit from investment pouring in from current EU countries .
Slower growth in the new member states could also delay the planned introduction of the Euro , which in turn could deter many Western companies from investing in the region .
The situation could become even more complicated , because some leaders in the Czech Republic , Hungary , and Slovakia would like to join the `` hard core '' of European integration should some European states one day decide to create a two-speed Europe .
The Slovak government is still in power , but it has lost its majority and could fall soon .
Perhaps surprisingly for many , such differences were not played out according to the expected script , in which the new members would be ruthlessly pragmatic , and demanding as much EU money as they could get , while most Western countries would in the end tone down their national egoism in favor of the decades-old ideals of European integration .
In view of some big countries ' intense national egoism , the failure to agree on the EU 's 2007-2013 budget could have ominous political consequences for Europe .
Some warned that the rejection of the European Constitution in the French and the Dutch referendums , combined with the summit 's decision effectively to suspend the ratification process and its failure to agree on EU finances , could trigger a serious political crisis in the EU .
Cynics may argue that the new member countries could afford to make such concessions because they would end up with hefty EU subsidies anyway .
While the attempt by Chinese officials to extract a huge concession -- market-economy status -- is ill-timed and in poor taste , China 's government needs to weigh the significant benefits that it could receive by providing limited but meaningful assistance to Europe in its hour of need .
The financial fallout from the debt crisis could also result in huge losses for China .
Better regulation and monetary policy during the boom years , therefore , could limit the scale of any bust .
The revealed preference of banks ' and bankers ' behavior is that they did not lend more because they thought they could get away with it , but because they thought it was safe .
Counter-cyclical capital requirements fit with this idea , and a range of indicators could be used to calibrate the increase in capital requirements , coupled perhaps with some discretion .
In the past , risks with volatility of similar statistical magnitudes were considered to be fungible , and , could flow to whomever was prepared to bear them .
The Israeli government needs to be convinced that resuming peace talks could lead to more constructive Syrian behavior vis-à-vis Lebanon and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
External actors like the EU or individual EU states could offer their support and facilitate talks on political and constitutional reforms .
Meticulous preparation of such a conference is more important than convening it quickly , as initiatives by individual states could undermine the EU 's and Quartet 's effort .
The current EU presidency was able to convince the US administration that reviving the Quartet could be useful .
In these circumstances , the Europeans and the other Quartet partners could help Bush secure a more flattering legacy with regard to the Middle East .
For Europeans , the NIE has not removed , but rather confirmed , the concerns that in 2003 prompted the EU-3 -LRB- Britain , France , and Germany -RRB- -- namely , that Iran 's nuclear program could eventually give it a military nuclear capability , and that even before that point , it might trigger regional nuclear proliferation .
For these reasons , Europeans favor a new Security Council resolution , even if its measures are weaker than what the United States or the EU could impose unilaterally .
Iran could also build trust if it became more transparent , particularly about its own strategic ambitions .
But rather than insist as a matter of principle on operating the fuel cycle independently under national sovereignty , Iran could engage the Saudis about their idea of a regional joint venture , or explore different options of multilateral consortia with other countries .
Iran 's parliament , now led by Ali Larijani , Iran 's former nuclear negotiator , could make a strong contribution to confidence building and to the resolution of the nuclear conflict by ratifying the NPT 's Additional Protocol .
Eventually , partnership with Europe could help Iran keep the best of its young generation at home rather than having them queue for visas at foreign embassies -- or , more often , the US consulates in Istanbul or Dubai .
No breakthrough is likely , but the outcome could be more favorable than many expect .
Agreement on a LEU fuel swap would not resolve the nuclear dispute between Iran and the West , but it would open the door for a diplomatic process that could eventually reach the core of the problem -- Iran 's uranium enrichment and the risks of diversion for military purposes .
If the Istanbul talks go well , they could provide a road map for further negotiations , not only on the nuclear issue , but also on Afghanistan , the Middle East , and terrorism .
According to some optimistic studies , solar thermal power plants and wind farms in North Africa could not only boost economic growth there , but also provide more than 15 % of Europe 's electricity by 2050 .
If they become consolidated democracies , as hoped , would-be entrepreneurs could stop worrying so much about official corruption .
Unless the European Union acts quickly , the whole region could slide backwards , with dire social , economic , and security consequences .
Amar Bhide suggested that commercial banks return to `` narrow banking . '' If they did that , they could not borrow at all .
Yet governments must also avoid pumping up businesses with over-confidence , which could tempt them to raise mark-ups and hurt sales .
The analysis acknowledges that , within a wide range , the market does a far better -LRB- though not perfect -RRB- job in setting prices than regulators could .
One could have predicted in advance of the recent boom how the 12 large OECD economies would rank simply by knowing the percentage of the population with a university degree , the OECD index of barriers to entrepreneurs , and the breadth of the stock exchange -LRB- measured by the market value of outstanding shares relative to GDP years before the boom -RRB- .
Specifically , a wage subsidy program that lowers the cost of hiring full-time unskilled workers could make it more attractive for firms to hire them .
Governments could afford the cost of the subsidies since cutting unemployment would not only lower public security costs , but would also reduce the need for welfare programs .
This policy has often led to programs that countries do not want and to employment of foreign experts for tasks that nationals could and should have performed .
Given lower labor costs , local businessmen could decide to invest under the conditions of uncertainty and high risk that characterize post-conflict situations .
The obvious place to begin would be to point to the aforementioned satellite images , but then our skeptical interlocutor could reasonably ask if you know how those images were obtained .
Of course , you could fall back on more traditional reasons to believe in a round earth , like the fact that our planet projects a round-looking shadow on the moon during eclipses .
You see where this could easily go : if we push far enough , most of us do not actually know , in the Platonic sense , much of anything .
Are the risks so high that they justify the suffering that could have been avoided ?
A second argument is that `` we do not know enough about the effects and side effects . '' Since some of the groups opposing GM organisms destroy the field trials that could give us more knowledge , a more pertinent argument might be that many opponents do not want us to know more .
If he crosses over to their side , he could even become their leader and triumphantly return to the throne that he formally abandoned only recently .
But even if the global kleptocrats sustain their more `` moderate '' position on Georgia , theirs could be a Pyrrhic victory .
According to Graham , `` At the extreme , a weak Russia , with its vast resources and sparse population east of the Urals , could become the object of competition among the great powers , notably China and the United States . ''
Given the morality of federal forces -LRB- or the lack thereof -RRB- , Medvedev should have understood that such rhetoric could result only in a significant increase in brutality and extrajudicial killings all over the North Caucasus .
Standardization of laws could be intended as a signal to international investors .
But laws enacted for this reason could lose their signaling power when a financial crisis hits .
It needs some sort of mutual insurance , or what could be termed `` insurance-based federalism . ''
According to the true doomsayers , who believe that most , if not all , of the shock will have a permanent impact on output , the total loss could be two or three times higher .
Given that increases by three percentage points are frequently mentioned , the total effect could be 0.6 % .
So the impact of new regulations on countries where banks are significantly under-capitalized could easily be four or five times larger than the headline figure -- say , in the vicinity of a percentage point at a four-year horizon .
To lower growth by this magnitude at a time when the private sector has not yet completed its deleveraging cycle -- and governments are starting their own -- is to risk a prolonged period of near-stagnation , which could turn crisis-induced unemployment into structural unemployment .
This was inevitable , because new , better-defined priorities could emerge only after a period of reflection and debate .
Financial reform could still go belly up .
BRUSSELS -- If French President Nicolas Sarkozy had written the prologue to his presidency of the G-20 , which has just commenced , he could not have done better .
Recent attempts to remedy this under the Capital Requirements Directive have been disappointing , even though it was plainly the best that could be achieved politically given EU countries ' differing views on prudential supervision .
Back then , Thai schoolchildren sang martial songs each morning , and Thais knew their place in the rigidly elitist pecking order , which was reinforced by socialization and indoctrination in classrooms and living rooms , where only state-controlled media could enter .
Political leaders who dissented from the status quo could no longer easily be jailed on communism-related charges .
But could it have been otherwise ?
But it was done using slogans , not a program of change that ordinary Russians could understand and embrace .
Great as the death toll , physical and emotional suffering of survivors , and property damage caused by the tsunami were , even greater losses could be inflicted by other disasters of low -LRB- but not negligible -RRB- , or unknown , probability .
A much larger one -LRB- among the thousands of dangerously large asteroids in orbits that intersect the earth 's -RRB- could strike the earth and cause the total extinction of the human race through a combination of shock waves , fire , tsunamis , and blockage of sunlight , wherever it struck .
If such a toll could be substantially reduced at moderate cost , the investment would be worthwhile .
As the December 18 presidential elections approach , the front-runners could not look much different from one another .
Perhaps Bolivia is indeed rich -- in a way that could benefit all of us well into the future .
When there is eventually an economic recovery , the global economy will be smaller than it would be if all the world 's people could take part in it .
If PETA is not allowed to state its case against our abuse of animals in the way that they judge best , because doing so might offend some people , then criticism of religion could also be prohibited on the same grounds .
As Sri Lanka 's government pointed out , `` That means low-emitting countries like us could not emit more because our space has already been exploited by developed or global heavy polluting countries without our consent . ''
According to Manoj Jain of Emory University , every year 200,000 US patients could be kept alive a little longer with an LVAD , at a cost of $ 200,000 per patient , or $ 40 billion .
What could have caused the glacier snouts to have stopped retreating ?
One factor could be deposits of dust and black carbon -LRB- collectively called aerosols -RRB- upon the snow , which , up to an accumulation of 400 grams per square meter sharply raises the rate of melting .
The slowdown in the retreat of the snout of glaciers could , therefore , be a consequence of the very rapid rise of human population in the hills and desertification caused by overgrazing -- purely local factors that boost aerosol levels .
The current worldwide slump could bring a cut in official development assistance -LRB- ODA -RRB- of 30 % .
Moreover , given that transaction costs often take a big slice of remittances , aid mechanisms could be used to create safe and cheap channels for financial flows , especially where private money can not easily reach remote rural areas , as is often the case in Africa or Asia .
Cooperatives , credit unions , and new forms of micro-financing could form networks that would ensure greater accessibility .
An improved system could help alleviate the burden imposed on innocent victims of the financial and economic downturn .
Such a review of remittances should look into restrictive practices that could be abolished , and ask whether official assistance should be adapted to the needs of this informal yet crucially important aid network .
Indeed , the fourth dimension of risk is that an invasion could weaken the support of key governments for action against terrorists , and provoke further outrages .
The Council could also declare that any fresh aggression , or any use , threat or transfer of WMD , would trigger Saddam 's removal and his pursuit as an international criminal like Slobodan Milosevic .
The sledgehammer of invasion could easily cause far more harm than the ills it seeks to stamp out .
Each crisis exposed weak and ineffective legal frameworks -LRB- often deliberately maintained by politicians -RRB- , inadequate and dispersed supervision , and forbearance policies that only an industry lobbyist could love .
One reason that greater independence for regulators in general has been unpopular with politicians is the legitimate fear that independent state agencies could turn into an uncontrolled fourth branch of government .
But if Georgians shiver through another energy-less winter in 2004 , they could well lose their patience -- and their trust in democracy .
If taken to extremes , Russian society 's response to its wrenching modernization could degenerate into a nationalist revolution led by xenophobes .
Its favored arrangement could divide the opposition , keep Musharraf ascendant , and provide continuity in the Pakistan army 's campaign against militants . But it would also likely de-legitimize the next government before it comes into power , rupture Pakistan 's largest political party , and create a nationalist backlash against the US .
The end result might not be optimal , but if the Bush administration overplays its hand , it could find itself partnerless in Pakistan .
This cluster of record-breaking events could be merely an astonishing streak of bad luck .
And , with no action at all , the planet could even heat up by 5-7º Celsius by the end of this century -- and more thereafter .
There was surely a time when eschewing children and family was the only way that a woman could prove her commitment to science .
If countries could maintain discipline and limit spending by their households , firms , or governments , foreign capital would not be needed , and could be re-exported easily , without much effect on the recipient economy .
But India 's example also provides a glimpse of what the world could achieve collectively .
One is that economists lacked models that could account for the behavior that led to the crisis .
Another is that economists were blinkered by an ideology according to which a free and unfettered market could do no wrong .
Economists even analyzed the political economy of regulation and deregulation , so we could have understood why some US politicians pushed the private sector into financing affordable housing , while others deregulated private finance .
Of course , these expectations could have been distorted by ideology -- it is hard to get into the past minds of economists .
The bias could be implicit : our worldview is shaped by what our friends in industry believe .
If so , the true reason why academics missed the crisis could be far more mundane than inadequate models , ideological blindness , or corruption , and thus far more worrisome ; many simply were not paying attention !
Even those who have jobs fear that they could lose them and be cast adrift .
A smart or cynical politician would see that if somehow middle-class households ' consumption kept up , if they could afford a new car every few years and the occasional exotic holiday , perhaps they would pay less attention to their stagnant paychecks .
The benefits -- growing consumption and more jobs -- were immediate , whereas paying the inevitable bill could be postponed into the future .
The left favored flows to their natural constituency , while the right welcomed new property owners who could , perhaps , be convinced to switch party allegiance .
If such a situation were to occur , ownership of oil assets abroad would most likely become worthless , as each country would only get to use oil produced within its political borders -LRB- or within nearby borders that could be invaded -RRB- .
Similarly , the creation of international strategic resource reserves on neutral territory and under neutral management could help alleviate concerns about politically motivated disruptions .
If the IMF reoriented a substantial portion of its activities towards influencing the influential among the world 's public , it could have far more impact on global macroeconomic policy , especially policies followed by countries that do not need its loans , than it does today .
One goal of the recent war in Iraq was to build a lasting market democracy that could serve as an example for the Middle East .
Reconstruction could revive the entrepreneurial classes if small contractors and businesses are given opportunities .
More importantly , they could not have won even if they had invested in petroleum , foodstuffs , sugar , coffee , cotton , wool , minerals , or phosphates : all of these commodities had become cheaper .
Still , the plant -- along with its spent nuclear fuel , extracted plutonium , and nuclear reprocessing waste -- poses significant radiological hazards that a military strike could disperse into the environment .
Light contamination and hot spots could impact Israeli , Palestinian , and Jordanian urban centers some distance away .
Beyond health effects , contamination could terrorize affected populations , prompting temporary flight and permanent relocation . Serious , long-term economic consequences would follow .
But the 1991 Persian Gulf War upset whatever solace Israel could take from the past .
By doing so , Israel could also derive political benefits .
It could claim that closure demonstrates its commitment to reducing regional nuclear tensions , while sending a message about the wisdom of building reactors in the world 's most volatile region .
A nuclear vigilante could apply force with impunity . No retaliation followed .
The United Nations Security Council , which remains the NPT 's enforcer , could better address proliferation breakouts and the compulsion of some to take matters into their own hands were it to grant itself predetermined authority to promptly stop cheaters by any and all means .
The ensuing bloodbath of US soldiers generated images that the American public could not stomach , prompting the exit of American and then UN forces .
But , despite modest material support , the US could not sustain a government that could not sustain itself .
Critics contend that the clause , along with the Kremlin 's implied warning that it could withdraw from the treaty unilaterally were America 's defenses to become too robust , provides the Kremlin with leverage to impede deployment of any strategic missile-defense system .
After consultation with his staff , Bush responded that , absent a plutonium extraction facility , US intelligence could not confirm that the plant comprised a nuclear weapons program . `` I told him -LRB- Olmert -RRB- I had decided on a diplomatic option backed by force '' to stop Syria , Bush writes .
Israel could then mimic other nuclear-armed states by flexing its capacity through announcement and transparent nuclear deployment on land and sea , thereby promoting deterrence .
The only worse stain on Israel would be if survivors of an Iranian nuclear strike were to lament that , had their country acted proactively , `` the third destruction of the Temple '' -- the end of the Jewish state -- could have been avoided .
But the risk that weapons of mass destruction could be turned against the US makes it so .
Others say that the vote in 2012 could be seen as Chávez 's last re-election , which would allow him to ensure the transition .
This context , combined with increasing social polarization , could give rise to chaos and violence .
For lenders , debt could be converted , wherever possible , into equity in MDG projects with earning potential , while building up poor countries ' capacity for self-reliance .
In November 2005 , the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- accused the South Korean government of having enriched a tiny amount of uranium -- to a level close to what could be used in an atomic weapon .
At first , the UN , like many Timorese , including José Ramos-Horta , the country 's Nobel Laureate president who won election last May , had hoped that a national unity government could be formed .
These Islamic terrorists , with their global reach , could well tilt the balance from one extreme to the other in a number of countries .
CEAGPOL could even become a building block for a Northeast Asian version of ASEAN -- an `` Association of Northeast Asian Nations . ''
The modern sense of building a pan-Asian community began with the traumatic East Asian financial and economic crisis of 1997 , when all the countries of the Asia-Pacific region learned the hard way that national reforms and protections could turn out to be woefully inadequate .
I believe that a shift from Pax Americana to Pax Asia-Pacifica could be the answer .
Joint exploration and development of the resources within and beneath the archipelago could then begin .
But neither he , nor Tyndall , nor anyone in their distinguished audience could possibly have anticipated the extent to which the experiments ' results would preoccupy the world 150 years later .
In services , trade barriers stand in the way of improved quality and efficiency , slowing the growth of a sector that could make a huge contribution to competitiveness and employment .
In developing countries , pro-trade voices could help turn the debate toward the opportunities of global integration rather than emphasizing exceptions .
Suppose you could divide reforming countries into two categories : those whose previous policies benefited the rich , keeping inequality artificially high ; and those whose previous policies had the opposite effect , keeping inequality low .
Most of all , it stakes a claim to a degree of philosophical coherence of which the various `` third ways '' of the last decade could only dream .
To make us choose what is good for us , they avoid fines , compulsion , and prohibition in favor of `` nudges '' -- institutional arrangements that we could , in principle , easily override , but that , given our tendency to rely on System I , we end up going along with .
Even if the nuclear threat is contained , the twenty-first century could confront us with grave new global perils .
The world could not sustain its 6.5 billion people if they all lived like present-day Americans .
But it could if even prosperous people adopted a vegetarian diet , traveled little , and interacted virtually .
The American National Academy of Sciences has warned that , `` Just a few individuals with specialized skills ... could inexpensively and easily produce a panoply of lethal biological weapons ... The deciphering of the human genome sequence and the complete elucidation of numerous pathogen genomes ... allow science to be misused to create new agents of mass destruction . ''
In our increasingly interconnected world , there are new risks whose consequences could be widespread -- and perhaps global .
How could things have been managed differently ?
And , by involving the Treasury , the purchase of risky assets could be financed by issuing debt , rather than by printing more money , thereby attenuating inflationary fears .
Consider the transformation of American military behavior from the Vietnam era , when commanders spoke of destroying villages `` in order to save them , '' to its operations in Kosovo and Afghanistan , where military lawyers and even ICRC officials were consulted on what targets could be bombed .
After three terms in office , it could hardly be otherwise .
While not denying that state sovereignty was the basis of the international system , Kouchner insisted that it could not be a license for governments to kill .
After the debacle in Iraq , what is surprising is that a man who has regime change inscribed in his DNA could occupy so central a position in the French government .
But , as pressing as the Middle East , south Asia , and Russia -LRB- as well as Iran and North Korea -RRB- are , another crisis far closer to home could create as much peril as a nuclear-armed Iran , an aggressively resurgent Russia , or even an Islamist-dominated Pakistan .
He has even appeared at crime scenes -- not urban riots , but private crimes of passion , where no reason of state could possibly warrant the presence of the President of the Republic .
Many French wish that such self-discipline could rub off on Sarkozy .
But , in an increasingly inflationary environment , any such efforts could fuel an outbreak of the dreaded wage-price spiral -- the same lethal interplay that wreaked such havoc in the United States in the 1970 's .
Inflation , if not addressed now , could seriously compromise the region 's ability to meet those challenges .
With the employment content of a unit of Chinese output more than 35 % higher in services than in manufacturing and construction , China could actually hit its employment target with slower GDP growth .
Today 's post-crisis world could hardly ask for more .
The possibility of such an asymmetrical global rebalancing -- with China taking the lead and the developed world dragging its feet -- could be the key unintended consequence of China 's 12th Five-Year Plan .
That could happen in the US if Washington continues to favor policies that condone the reckless excesses of the recent past and inhibit the deleveraging and balance-sheet repair that America 's zombie consumers now need for post-crisis healing .
If China delivers on each of these three fronts -- as I suspect it will -- private consumption 's share of Chinese GDP could rise by as much as five percentage points between now and 2015 .
Prominent academics warn that China could fall victim to the dreaded `` middle-income trap , '' which has derailed many a developing nation .
The recently enacted 12th Five-Year Plan could well be a strategic turning point -- ushering in a shift from the highly successful producer model of the past 30 years to a flourishing consumer society .
By focusing on job creation , wage increases , and the social safety net , the 12th Five-Year Plan could spark a major increase in discretionary consumer purchasing power . That could lead to as much as a five-percentage-point increase in China 's consumption share by 2015 .
Over the next five years , the services share of Chinese GDP could rise above the currently targeted four-percentage-point increase .
China 's upcoming pro-consumption rebalancing implies a potential shift in FDI -- away from manufacturing toward services -- that could propel growth further .
As a result , the consumption share of the Chinese economy could increase by at least five percentage points of GDP by 2015 .
That could bring its current account into balance -- or even into slight deficit -- by 2015 .
It was Henry Kissinger who argued after the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of 2001 that tragedy could be turned into opportunity .
I decided I could not undertake the mission for these reasons .
Moreover , the size of the bad debt threatening banks remains unknown , and could amount to several hundred billion dollars .
The era of floating exchange rates that followed the end of the gold standard required the development of products that could protect international trade from price volatility .
The policies of central planning , dirigisme , and import substitution , which many newly independent countries adopted in the 1950 's and 1960 's , could be labeled as the ideas of communists , Fabian socialists , and nationalists , not trained economists .
No Western-trained economist could have envisioned China 's household responsibility system or township and village enterprises -- institutional innovations that lie at the core of the Chinese miracle .
China could provide a semblance of effective protection of private property despite the absence of formal rights .
The US , in particular , could intensify its pursuit of bilateral deals , by which it is able to impose increasingly inappropriate policy priorities on smaller nations .
One could trace its beginnings to the 1970 's , when recycled petrodollars fueled large capital inflows to developing nations .
If developing countries could meet these conditions , he wrote , they would be in a position to send foreign aid to the United States !
They have to do the best with what they have instead of wishing they could transform their society wholesale .
Many economists were skeptical about Hirschman 's approach because they could not quite fit it into the economics they had been trained to practice .
Deregulation promised to spawn financial innovations that would enhance access to credit , enable greater portfolio diversification , and allocate risk to those most able to bear it . Supervision and regulation would stand in the way , liberalizers argued , and governments could not possibly keep up with the changes .
The gold standard era -- with its free capital mobility and open trade -- came to an abrupt end in 1914 and could not be resuscitated after World War I. Are we about to witness a similar global economic breakdown ?
There was a time when global elites could comfort themselves with the thought that opposition to the world trading regime consisted of violent anarchists , self-serving protectionists , trade unionists , and ignorant , if idealistic youth .
The latest round of talks in Geneva has once again failed to produce an agreement . Judging by what the financial press and some economists say , the stakes could not be higher .
It is hard to square these fears with the view that the Doha trade round could lift tens , if not hundreds , of millions out of poverty .
Macroeconomic policymakers could have gotten their act together and acted in time to unwind those large and unsustainable current-account imbalances .
The fear is no longer that they will be unable to insulate themselves . It is that their economies could be dragged into much deeper crises than those that will be experienced at the epicenter of the sub-prime debacle .
Argentina , the international financial system 's enfant terrible , could always be relied on to produce a gimmick to spook investors -- in this case a nationalization of its private pension funds .
In the absence of a backstop for emerging-country finances , the doomsday scenario of a protectionist vicious cycle reminiscent of the 1930 's could no longer be ruled out .
The revenues collected -- easily hundreds of billions of dollars annually -- could be spent on global public goods such as development assistance , vaccines for tropical diseases , and the greening of technologies in use in the developing world .
This could have been Europe 's moment .
Sadly , in view of today 's needs , macroeconomists have made little progress on policy since John Maynard Keynes explained how economies could get stuck in unemployment due to deficient aggregate demand .
The worst that could happen is a return to the 1930 's , when countries put up high trade barriers and retreated into isolationism , to the detriment of all .
The G-20 could not agree on coordinated fiscal stimulus or concrete steps towards banking reform .
So the stakes in righting the world economy could not be higher .
Mismanage the process , and the consequences could be unimaginable .
That is how untested economic theories about efficient markets and self-regulation could substitute for common sense , enabling financial interests to gain hegemony , while leaving everyone else , including governments , to pick up the pieces .
It could promote its industries through high tariffs , explicit subsidies , domestic content requirements on foreign firms , investment incentives , and many other forms of industrial policy .
If China were allowed a free hand with industrial policies , it could promote manufactures directly while allowing the renminbi to appreciate .
Beneath China 's powerful economic dynamo lie deep tensions , inequalities , and cleavages that could well derail a smooth progression to global hegemony .
Rediscovering the common sense that had strangely eluded the Fund for two decades , the report noted : `` logic suggests that appropriately designed controls on capital inflows could usefully complement '' other policies .
This is important , because the traditional argument of last resort against capital controls has been that they could not be made to stick . Financial markets would always outsmart the policymakers .
If they really could n't care less , then they should n't care at all .
These policies could then be entirely subjugated to the demands of the gold standard and free capital mobility .
They could not stop the Greek government from borrowing -LRB- indirectly -RRB- from the European Central Bank -LRB- ECB -RRB- as long as credit rating agencies deemed Greek debt creditworthy .
At the height of the Egyptian protests , Chinese Web surfers who searched the terms `` Egypt '' or `` Cairo '' were returned messages saying that no results could be found .
Although modern industrial practices had penetrated underdeveloped societies , he thought it unlikely that they could make substantial inroads and transform such societies wholesale .
If only all of Malawi 's workers could be employed in mining , Malawi would be as rich as the US !
Considerable social conflict could become unavoidable , threatening political support for economic openness .
Perhaps most dramatically of all , the coup documents contain much information that could not possibly have been known at the time , including references to companies , NGOs , hospitals , and many other entities that were established years after the plan is supposed to have been hatched .
Can you explain how my client could have known the names of officers on a frigate that joined the Navy only in 2005 ?
Unfortunately , US and European politicians have failed to show similar imagination when it comes to fiscal policy . By implementing new mechanisms to render the future path of fiscal balances and public debt more predictable , they could have averted the worst of the crisis .
CAMBRIDGE -- As if the economic ramifications of a full-blown Greek default were not terrifying enough , the political consequences could be far worse .
The result is that mounting concerns about the erosion of economic security , social stability , and cultural identity could not be handled through mainstream political channels .
In research that I carried out with Margaret McMillan and Karen Horn Welch , we estimated that the efficiency gains generated by the removal of the export restrictions could not have amounted to more than $ 6.6 million annually , or about 0.14 % of Mozambique 's GDP .
Third , poor political management of the reform undercut the dynamic gains that could have resulted .
Liberalization could have reinvigorated the rural sector by reversing the collapse in cashew tree planting .
In the urban sector , it could have heralded a restructuring of production by promoting more rational investment .
Had the opposition of urban groups been anticipated , compensatory mechanisms and side-bargains could have been agreed .
If managers are only loosely tied to shareholders , they could more willingly give up a bigger share of the pie to labor .
Yet , if the revolution leads to a more open , democratic , middle-class-oriented political system , in which enough people believe that they have a stake in the government 's continuity , the economic benefits for Egyptians could be large .
While the basic risks originated outside the systems -- a tsunami for Fukushima , over-investment in real-estate mortgages for financial institutions -- design defects and bad luck meant that the system could n't contain the damage .
But , with the cash coming from short-term repos making up much of core financial firms ' balance sheets , tremors in financial markets could hit them hard , drying up repo financing for a few , as occurred in 2008 .
But little of importance has yet been done to prevent the damage that derivatives and repo bankruptcy priorities could cause in another financial-system meltdown .
In lieu of an election that could remove recalcitrant directors , an outside company might try to buy the firm and all of its stock .
Today 's crises , one hopes , could be turned into a similar moment of political creativity .
It could not solve its financial problems , and eventually those problems -- largely recurring defaults -- catalyzed the 1787 Philadelphia convention to create a new United States .
James Madison , who would become the Constitution 's principal author , could n't borrow to buy land in frontier Virginia , because lenders lacked confidence that Virginia courts could enforce repayment .
The Constitution would create a new national government that could coin stable money , borrow , and repay debts , including the states ' defaulted Revolutionary War borrowings .
Both thought that only a fiscally strong US could have the military prowess needed to defend itself from the European powers , whose return to American soil both men expected .
They were expected to be adamant -- an outcome that could well have brought about the young country 's demise .
Worse , as we saw in the financial crisis , if many financial institutions have many such contracts , a rumor of insolvency can induce all of one institution 's derivative counterparties to demand collateral or payment simultaneously , triggering a run that resembles a classic bank run , which could then spread to other firms .
If AIG is systemically vital , its inability to collect the full $ 100 million could cause it to fail .
This is not to deny that the supply of fresh water is getting tight . Left unattended , major disruptions for human society could occur .
Of course , these constraints were at work over previous centuries , before Malthus and Ricardo articulated them , but homo sapiens was able to `` cheat '' by expanding our resource base -LRB- colonialism -RRB- to bring in cheaper resources and food ; by finding substitutes for scarce resources ; and by improving our technology so that the same amounts of land and resources could be used more efficiently .
The wastes could be treated and used to replenish groundwater .
Emerging low-water-using sanitation technologies such as urine-separating dry-composting toilets could also significantly reduce urban water demands if properly developed ;
Although avoiding a global water crisis will not be easy , we have at hand policies and technologies that , if properly applied , could see us safely through the next several decades , even in the face of increasing -- and increasingly wealthy -- populations .
Countries come to the IMF precisely because they know that it will lend to them when no one else will , and at interest rates lower than most could only dream of , even in the best of times .
Any good international investment banker knows that the end of April is a bad time to come peddling his services , for that is when the world 's finance ministers return home from the IMF meetings in Washington , chastened that risks to the global economy could spill over into their own backyards .
And Bush , while of course having no such experience of his own , could retell some of his father 's stories when he was the head of the CIA in the 1970 's .
Not to be left out , Europeans could use the film 's romantic shots of Istanbul to open up about whether Turkey will ever join their club .
It would be a bit awkward , but the esteemed guests could also view `` An Inconvenient Truth , '' narrated by Al Gore , the man Bush narrowly defeated in the 2000 US presidential election .
One could go on forever with possible films , but clearly G-8 movie night might rekindle life in the organization 's moribund framework , and keep it going for many years to come .
To be sure , there could be glitches . What if Russia were to inadvertently use a copy of the film that was pirated , as one imagines is true of most copies floating around in Russia ?
When President George W. Bush took office in 2001 , he was staring at giant budget surpluses as far as the eye could see .
Otherwise , George Soros and his wealthy fellow investors could not have dreamed of taking on the Bank of England .
Investors , especially , need to recognize that even if broader positive trends in globalization and technological progress continue , a rise in macroeconomic volatility could still produce a massive fall in asset prices .
A back-of-the-envelope calculation shows that with the risk premium removed , stocks prices could easily triple from existing levels , with price\/dividend ratios soaring to over 200 , compared to historical averages of 40 to 50 .
This brings us to the $ 200 trillion question -LRB- roughly the value of global money and asset markets , including housing -RRB- : What could cause macroeconomic volatility to start rising ?
Hedge funds could throw a scare .
At the same time , there are at least a half-dozen other global hot spots -- some might be tempted to include the US Senate -- that could trigger a major breakdown in world trade .
But if a major flare-up causes investors to lose confidence in low volatility , the bottom could fall out from under equity and housing prices .
Nuclear terrorism , a slowdown in China , or a sharp escalation of violence in the Middle East could all blow the lid off the current economic dynamic .
Never mind that most of the crises could have been avoided , or late least substantially mitigated , if governments had let their currencies float against the dollar , rather than adopting rigid exchange-rate pegs .
Any number of developing countries , from China to India to Brazil , could easily step up if the US foolishly stepped down .
Of course , Zoellick could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done .
Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over-reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Indeed , many academic economists believe that central bankers could perfectly well be replaced with a computer programmed to implement a simple rule that adjusts interest rates mechanically in response to output and inflation .
There could be a real disaster if US growth woes turn today 's mild downward pressures into something much more serious .
This year alone , the dollar 's value has fallen by another 10 % in purchasing power terms against America 's major trading partners , and it could fall at the same rate in 2008 -- or faster if global investors decide to cut and run .
For a relatively poor country like China , real unions could help balance employers ' power , bringing quality-of-life benefits that outweigh the growth costs .
Before the modern globalization era , unions could thrive by organizing on a national scale , giving them enormous bargaining power vis-à-vis both employers and consumers .
The head of the IMF , Frenchman Dominique Strauss-Kahn , could easily select a superb panel from any range of former crisis countries , including Mexico , Brazil , Korea , Turkey , Japan , and Sweden , not to mention Argentina , Russia , Chile , and many others .
With debt relief for poor countries shaping up as a focal issue at the July G-8 summit in Scotland , it is a shame that so few people appreciate what a farce such measures could turn out to be .
A not-so-generous interpretation of modern aid history is that rich countries ' legislatures were too cheap to give outright grants to the poorest countries , and could be persuaded to help out only if they were told that the money would be repaid .
But I believe that the problem could easily be solved by , say , giving the World Bank an endowment of rich-country bonds and permitting it to expend the interest .
For example , Professor Jeremy Bulow of Stanford University and I have shown that by endowing the World Bank with $ 100 billion dollars , it could carry out the tasks that it performs best more effectively and with greater transparency than it does today through borrowing and lending .
Of course , curious as they might be , central bankers could decide that meeting in Harare would be too inconvenient and politically unpalatable .
Indeed , except for deflation-ridden Japan , central bankers could meet just about anywhere and see high and rising inflation .
In that case , inflation could easily rise to 1980 's -LRB- if not quite 1970 's -RRB- levels throughout much of the world .
With tax revenues collapsing due to falling home prices and incomes , dozens of US municipalities could well go into receivership , as New York City did in the 1970 's .
But it could happen a lot faster this time .
By helping to spread risk , high-tech finance could help economies grow faster .
Investment bankers have been losing their cushy jobs because they could not figure out any convincing way to price distressed mortgage debt .
It makes no sense for banks to foreclose on homes when there are workout options whereby people could stay in their homes and banks could recover far more money .
In principle , the IMF could be allowed to print money -LRB- it already has its own accounting unit , the so-called Special Drawing Rights -RRB- .
The IMF does not have an adequate framework for handling the massive defaults that could easily attend a huge surge in lending , much less the political will to distinguish between countries that are facing genuine short-term liquidity problems and countries that are actually facing insolvency problems .
So what should world leaders do with the IMF ? In the short run , the IMF could help coordinate additional loans from countries such as the US , Japan , and China , to help maintain economic and political stability in the developing world .
True , once the inflation genie is let out of the bottle , it could take several years to put it back in .
The main risk is that inflation could overshoot , landing at 20 or 30 % instead of 5-6 % .
Within a couple years , interest rates on long-term US Treasury notes could easily rise 3-4 % , with interest rates on other governments ' paper rising as much , or more .
Worse yet , unless financial systems spring back , growth could disappoint for years to come , especially in `` ground zero '' countries such as the United States , Britain , Ireland and Spain . US long-term growth could be particularly dismal , as the Obama administration steers the country toward more European levels of welfare assistance and income redistribution ,
Countries with European-style growth rates could handle debt obligations of 60 % of GDP when interest rates were low .
The outcome could impact the world -- and not only the esoteric world of international finance -- for decades to come .
He could just as well have said the same thing about European views on US financial leadership .
Even before the financial crisis , it was clear that China could not continue indefinitely on its growth trajectory of 10 % or more .
It was becoming increasingly clear that as China continued to grow faster than almost anyone else , the rest of the world 's import capacity -LRB- and tolerance -RRB- could not keep up with China 's export machine .
Assuming continuing reforms in countries such as Brazil , India , South Africa , and Russia , emerging markets could well fill some of the growth gap left by the largest economies .
Europe 's more tempered approach , while magnifying short-term risks , could pay off in the long run , especially if global interest rates rise , making it far more painful to carry oversized debt loads .
Unfortunately , the conventional post-mortem on Lehman is wishful thinking . It basically says that no matter how huge the housing bubble , how deep a credit hole the United States -LRB- and many other countries -RRB- had dug , and how convoluted the global financial system , we could have just grown our way out of trouble . Patch up Lehman , move on , keep drafting off of China 's energy , and nothing bad ever need have happened .
Yes , the Federal Reserve could tighten monetary policy .
Overly strict regulation could seriously impair global growth for decades .
But if regulation is too soft , the next monster global financial crisis could come within a decade .
Another artist presented a vision of how outside lighting could be used to transform minarets , and help them to stand out in the blur of modern buildings that characterizes the contemporary Middle Eastern city .
One had to be impressed that such ideas could be expressed openly .
Two decades ago , Japanese workers could expect to receive massive year-end bonuses , typically amounting to one-third of their salary or more .
The endgame could be the same for many European countries .
A surprising number of pundits seem to think that if one could only break up the big banks , governments would be far more resilient to bailouts , and the whole `` moral hazard '' problem would be muted .
But how this form of `` pre-packaged bankruptcy '' could be implemented in a world of widely different legal , political , and banking systems is unclear .
Oil executives bragged that they could drill a couple of kilometers down , then a kilometer across , and hit their target within a few meters .
In principle , one could cut other taxes to offset the effects of a carbon tax , neutralizing the revenue effects .
Or , to be precise , a carbon tax could substitute for the huge array of taxes that is eventually coming anyway in the wake of massive government budget deficits .
But , as high-definition images of oil spewing from the bottom of the ocean are matched up with those of blackened coastline and devastated wildlife , a very different story could emerge .
If allowed to fester , the political consequences could be severe , including trade protectionism and perhaps even social unrest .
So what could justify another huge increase in gold prices from here ?
Would n't it be paradoxical , then , if financial alchemy could make an ingot of gold worth dramatically more ?
But if real interest rates rise significantly , as well they might someday , gold prices could plummet .
The voter anger expressed in the US mid-term elections could prove to be only the tip of the iceberg .
Moreover , it is hard to see how anyone -- even the IMF , as the US proposal envisions -- could enforce caps on trade surpluses .
However much we may hope so , the current rut in which the US finds itself could prove to be a problem for the rest of the world .
Otherwise , simmering trade frictions could suddenly throw globalization sharply into reverse .
To be sure , a huge , sustained burst of growth could still cure all of Europe 's debt problems -- as it would anyone 's .
As any recovering alcoholic could tell them , the first step is admitting , with Merkel , that Europe has a problem .
Writing in the nineteenth century , Karl Marx famously observed inequality trends in his day and concluded that capitalism could not indefinitely sustain itself politically .
More importantly , it is very likely that countries ' abilities to navigate the rising social tensions generated by gaping inequality could separate the winners and losers in the next round of globalization .
In principle , an independent and respected advisory council could also force governments to acknowledge the hidden costs of government guarantees and off-balance sheet debts .
In principle , an independent fiscal council could have provided invaluable help during the financial crisis .
In the US , such an agency could have weighed in on the costs and benefits of bailout plans , perhaps helping to end congressional paralysis and steeling nerves to give taxpayers more upside risk .
But greater transparency and a more systematic independent evaluation of government policies could be a very helpful step towards solving the perpetual conundrum of outsized deficits .
-LRB- In theory , capitalists in labor-abundant China and India could end up as losers , but in practice they , too , have benefited thanks to their governments ' success in simultaneously liberalizing and globalizing . -RRB-
Growing inequality would not be such a problem if governments could simply raise taxes on the rich and strengthen subsidies to the poor .
Given the sluggish recovery , Bernanke could have gone even further and argued that the Fed is the one who has it right .
Explaining the inevitable shift to tightening could prove a far greater challenge than explaining the exceptional accommodation of quantitative easing .
You could easily fail to take the right medicine , and you would certainly expect your life to return to normal much faster than is realistic .
For example , governments could facilitate the write-down of mortgages in exchange for a share of any future home-price appreciation .
An analogous approach can be done for countries . For example , rich countries ' voters in Europe could perhaps be persuaded to engage in a much larger bailout for Greece -LRB- one that is actually big enough to work -RRB- , in exchange for higher payments in ten to fifteen years if Greek growth outperforms .
After all , there certainly is a case to be made that an FTT has so much gut-level popular appeal that politically powerful financial interests could not block it .
Although it may be difficult to connect the dots , it is perfectly possible that a huge euro crisis could have a snowball effect in the US and elsewhere .
Fifth , the current value of the euro does not seem wildly out of line on a purchasing-power basis . An exchange rate of $ 1.4 : ¤ 1 is cheap for Germany 's export powerhouse , which could probably operate well even with a far stronger euro .
Despite this rosy picture , China could be the cause of a major transatlantic row if Europeans make good on their intention to lift the arms export embargo in place since the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989 .
In fact , European assurances that arms sales to China could be controlled and threats to an ally avoided do appear unconvincing .
Only a small minority exhibit populist tendencies that , if they gained power , could lead a society from democracy to dictatorship .
Of course , if we could guarantee rapid and universal economic growth , democracy 's other weaknesses would probably be forgotten .
This political rebalancing -- in terms of both votes and institutions -- could create higher barriers against any authoritarian deviation , wherever it might come from .
If only Philippine authorities could learn the lessons of past tragedies , this latest one might well have been averted .
Instead , he could be headed to the presidency .
Brazil , Iran , and the Road to the Security Council SAO PAULO -- The attempt by Brazil 's government to participate in the international negotiations over Iran 's nuclear program could well be called `` A Manual for Candidates to a Permanent Membership of the United Nations Security Council . ''
Again , these could easily prove to be three new EU members outside the eurozone .
The exchange rate criterion could be assessed later on the basis of a narrower band , as the European Commission proposes , although a limit of 6 % fluctuation on either side of the central parity seems more reasonable than 2.25 % .
It further rightly suggests that NATO 's strategic political and military objectives could be achieved jointly with Russia through greater stability , mutual transparency , predictability , and arms reduction verified by non-proliferation and arms control agreements .
At the same time , financial crises in a number of emerging markets could prove contagious , placing additional stress on global financial markets .
The crowding out of private demand , owing to higher government-bond yields -- and the ensuing increase in mortgage rates and other private yields -- could , in turn , endanger the recovery .
A negative oil shock , together with rising government-bond yields -- could clip the recovery 's wings and lead to a significant further downturn in asset prices and in the real economy .
Today 's `` gold bugs '' argue that the price could top $ 2,000 .
Gold rose above $ 1,000 again in February-March 2009 , when it looked like most of the financial system in the United States and Europe might be near insolvency , and that many governments could not guarantee deposits and backstop the financial system , because banks that were too big to fail were also too big to be saved .
Eventually , large monetized fiscal deficits will lead to a fiscal train wreck and\/or a rise in inflation expectations that could sharply increase long-term government bond yields and crowd out a tentative and so far fragile economic recovery .
While that could be contractionary , the gain in fiscal-policy credibility might prevent a damaging spike in long-term government-bond yields .
A disorderly rush to the exit could lead to a dollar collapse , a spike in long-term interest rates , and a severe double dip recession .
Or a weaker euro could be had if the ECB were willing -- quite unlikely -- to ease monetary policy further to allow real depreciation .
Since the European Union has no history of imposing conditionality , and ECB financing could be perceived as a form of bailout , a formal IMF program would be the better approach .
A default by Greece , after all , could have the same global systemic effects as the collapse of Lehman Brothers did in 2008 .
Provision of liquidity by an international lender of last resort -- the European Central Bank , the International Monetary Fund , or even a new European Monetary Fund -- could prevent an illiquidity problem from turning into an insolvency problem .
Finally , the euro could fall sharply in value .
And , in order for the euro to fall far enough , the risk of default in Greece would need to be so large , and the contagion to sovereign spreads of PIIGS so severe that the widening of those spreads would cause a double-dip eurozone recession before currency depreciation could yield benefits .
Failure to implement such coordinated policy measures -- to sustain global aggregate demand at a time when deflationary trends are still severe in advanced economies -- could lead to a very dangerous and damaging double-dip recession in advanced economies .
And any additional shock could tip this unstable global economy back into full-fledged recession .
The eurozone 's sovereign-risk problems could worsen , leading to another round of asset-price corrections , global risk aversion , volatility , and financial contagion .
A vicious cycle of asset-price correction and weaker growth , together with downside surprises that are not currently priced by markets , could lead to further asset-price declines and even weaker growth -- a dynamic that drove the global economy into recession in the first place .
If that happens , oil prices could rapidly spike and , as in the summer of 2008 , trigger a global recession .
In an ideal world , where policymakers could credibly commit to medium - to long-term fiscal adjustment , the optimal and desirable path would be to commit today to a schedule of spending reductions and tax increases , phased in gradually over the next decade as the economy recovers .
Instead , the government could well end up with no plan B in case plan A -- massively front-loaded austerity -- leads to a double-dip recession .
Indeed , it could lead to the disorderly breakup scenario if institutional reforms and other policies leading to closer integration and restoration of growth in the eurozone 's periphery are not implemented soon .
Since quasi-fiscal union implies that the eurozone 's core economies could end up systematically bailing out those on the periphery , only a formal loss of fiscal sovereignty -- a credible commitment by the peripheral countries to medium - and long-term fiscal discipline -- could overcome the current political resistance of Germany and others .
In China and other emerging-market economies , delays in policy tightening could fuel a rise in inflation that forces a tougher clampdown later , with China , in particular , risking a hard landing .
Moreover , further increases in oil , energy , and commodity prices could lead to negative terms of trade and a reduction in real disposable income in net commodity-importing countries , while adding to inflationary pressures in emerging markets .
In the US , slower private-sector deleveraging -- given the fiscal stimulus from the extension of unemployment benefits for 13 months , the payroll-tax cut , and maintenance of current income-tax rates for another two years -- could lull policymakers into assuming that relatively large fiscal and current-account imbalances can continue indefinitely .
This could generate financial strains over the medium term -- and protectionist pressures in the short term .
Similarly , the eurozone , driven by Germany , could lurch toward greater economic and political union -LRB- especially some form of fiscal union -RRB- , thus containing the problems of its periphery .
The attenuation of downside risks and pleasant surprises in developed and emerging economies could lead to a further increase in demand for risky assets -LRB- equities and credit -RRB- , which would reinforce economic recovery via wealth effects and lower borrowing costs .
Positive feedback from consumption to production , employment , and income generation -- both within countries and across countries via trade channels -- could further accelerate the pace of global growth , particularly if monetary policies in most advanced economies remain looser than expected , supporting asset reflation and thus demand and growth .
But if sound government policies in advanced and major emerging economies contain the downside risks that are more prevalent in the first half of this year -- which derive from political and policy uncertainty -- a more resilient global economic recovery could take hold in the second half of 2011 and into 2012 .
But boosting the share of income that goes to the household sector could be hugely disruptive , as it could bankrupt a large number of SOEs , export-oriented firms , and provincial governments , all of which are politically powerful .
For example , bondholders could be encouraged to exchange existing bonds for GDP-linked bonds , which offer payouts pegged to future economic growth .
Bank bonds could also be reduced and converted into equity , which would both avert a government takeover of banks and prevent socialization of bank losses from causing a sovereign debt crisis .
If the latest global economic data reflect something more serious than a hiccup , and markets and economies continue to slow , policymakers could well find themselves empty-handed .
Anatomy of a Financial Meltdown NEW YORK -- A vicious circle is currently underway in the United States , and its reach could broaden to the global economy .
Spain could still lose market access as political uncertainty adds to its fiscal and financial woes .
Previous experience suggests that most hold-to-maturity investors would accept a par bond , while most mark-to-market investors would accept a discount bond with a higher coupon -LRB- that is , a bond with a lower face value -RRB- -- an alternative that could be offered -LRB- and has been in the past -RRB- to such investors .
Moreover , their debt could be ring-fenced with a larger package of EFSF resources and\/or with the issuance of Eurobonds -- a further step towards European fiscal integration .
Until last year , policymakers could always produce a new rabbit from their hat to reflate asset prices and trigger economic recovery .
Nor could monetary policy help very much .
But , if Italy and\/or Spain lose market access , the EFSF 's ¤ 440 billion -LRB- $ 627 billion -RRB- war chest could be depleted by the end of this year or early 2012 .
So Karl Marx , it seems , was partly right in arguing that globalization , financial intermediation run amok , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self-destruct -LRB- though his view that socialism would be better has proven wrong -RRB- .
The risks ahead are not just of a mild double-dip recession , but of a severe contraction that could turn into Great Depression II , especially if the eurozone crisis becomes disorderly and leads to a global financial meltdown .
Karl Marx oversold socialism , but he was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self-destruct .
But if the US recession is long and severe , the result could be outright recession in some countries -LRB- the United Kingdom , Spain , Ireland , Italy , and Japan -RRB- , and even financial crises in vulnerable emerging-market economies .
In principle , the US recession could end up being shaped like a V , U , W , or L. Which of these four scenarios is most likely ?
If owners walk away from their homes , credit losses could be $ 1 trillion or more , wiping out most of the US financial system 's capital and leading to a systemic banking crisis .
Total financial losses -- including possibly $ 1 trillion in mortgages and related securitized products -- could be as high as $ 1.7 trillion .
Given these staggering sums , the US could face a double-dip , W-shaped recession .
Anti-Americanism could also rally support to his side .
A 1991 study by the Netherlands Scientific Council for Governmental Policy , entitled Ground for Choices , demonstrated that the EU 's food supply could be met with 50 % less cultivated land , 80 % less pesticides , and at 50 % less cost .
A Dutch analysis of land use has shown that by employing the best technical and ecological means on the best available land , substantial gains could be made in food production .
A side benefit for the EU 's standing in the world could be that the World Trade Organization 's stalled Doha negotiations could be restarted once farmers in developing countries are assured of getting a fair deal from Europe .
Moreover , the CAP 's role as a motor of political and social integration in Europe could be restored once renewed policies are in place .
If the market `` misbehaves , '' farmers could be reduced to poverty , leading to the neglect of large areas of Europe .
Preliminary studies by the European Science Foundation 's `` Forward Look on European Food Systems '' could prove useful in devising an EU-wide policy .
They could make a real contribution to cleaner , more productive , and efficient farming and land use , while addressing social needs .
While the IMFC could be shrunk -LRB- for example , if euro-zone countries agree to a common seat -RRB- , the real challenge is to make it a venue in which countries talk to one another rather than at one another .
The IMF has , however , become far more neutral than it is given credit for -- though it could take more steps to distance itself from its past . These include abolishing any region or country 's right to appoint IMF management ; allowing the Fund to borrow from markets , so that it does not have to keep seeking key countries ' permission to expand ; eliminating any country 's official veto power over major decisions ; and having its agenda set by the IMFC rather than outside bodies .
According to Kosovo President Fatmir Sejdiu , `` The decision finally removes all doubts that countries which still do not recognize the Republic of Kosovo could have . ''
Nor did the Court 's decision address the borders of an independent Kosovo , or whether and under what circumstances force could legally be used either to impose independence or to resist it .
The risk of a hasty bargain with creditors for debt forgiveness is that it could preclude a process of accountability for the past .
Instead , an independent commission should be established to examine the previous regime 's foreign-borrowing policy , its objectives and effects , and what lenders knew -LRB- or could reasonably be assumed to have known -RRB- about those objectives and effects .
Thus , only strong action by Lebanese groups could destroy Hezbollah . But they wo n't act because they fear civil war and opportunistically use Hezbollah to promote their own goals or ambitions .
The president names the head of the armed forces , a power that could potentially turn the military into a servant of the government .
Given that the government can change laws , name judges , and staff the state administration , Turkey 's slide to another political model could reach a point of no return .
A key question is whether the Palestinian masses , fed up with their leadership 's bickering , corruption , and incompetence , could make their wishes known to find an end to a conflict that has cost them so much .
Arafat 's death may well mark the beginning of that process , but the transition to a new Palestinian leadership could take years , and there is no assurance that it will be a moderate one .
Because Sunni Arabs , comprising less than 25 % of the population , knew that they could not win a democratic election , many of their leaders urged a boycott .
In the future , especially without Sistani , who is 74 years old , the new regime could turn into a dictatorship .
Indeed , polls show that the party could still finish first .
Their differences will be harder to patch up without Sharon , but they have closed ranks and could well lead Kadima to victory .
Nor could they be annexed to Israel , owing to the demographic problem implied by continued control over so many Palestinians .
In exchange for such guarantees , international forces could largely withdraw , leaving a force to secure a political agreement and to train Afghan security forces .
A first step could be establishing a contact group for the region , authorized by the United Nations Security Council .
This contact group could promote dialogue between India and Pakistan about their respective interests in Afghanistan and about finding a solution to the Kashmir dispute ; seek a long-term political strategy from the Pakistani government for the future of the tribal agencies ; move Afghanistan and Pakistan toward discussions on frontier issues , and promote a regional plan for economic development and integration .
China , the largest investor in both Pakistan and Afghanistan , could help finance projects of common interest .
This meant that an investor who was pessimistic about equities , but who might face constraints in hedging that risk by using derivatives or selling equities short , could reduce his exposure to equity markets by reversing the carry trade -- borrowing in Australian dollars and investing in Japanese yen , for example .
It has been said that this global war against extremism will be the task of a generation , a war that could go on for years , much like the Cold War , which lasted for decades .
A few years ago , under Saddam Hussein , an Iraqi could have his tongue cut out if he was found in possession of a satellite dish or used the Internet without government approval .
First published in a weekly news magazine , the story was then posted on Web sites , sent in e-mails , and repeated on satellite television and radio stations for days before the facts could be discovered .
Two factors could help the EU move in the right direction .
Regulation without redistribution could undermine the EU 's legitimacy among the newcomers .
One traditional argument for the existence of God , the so-called `` argument from design , '' stresses that organic parts are adapted , and argues that the only way they could have come into being is through the workings of some kind of intelligence .
On disease , malaria could be controlled by 2008 using proven , low-cost methods .
Cell phones and Internet connectivity could reach all of Africa at low cost , ending the economic isolation of hundreds of millions of people .
Some reasonable estimates put the cost at around $ 1 billion for an Africa-wide fiber-optic network that could bring Internet connectivity and telephone service across the continent 's villages and cities .
Iraq 's vast reserves , went the argument , could not be developed safely until Saddam was deposed .
Vietnamese deaths and casualties outnumbered American deaths and casualties by perhaps 20 to one , but the US still could not subdue the nationalist adversary that they faced .
The US could bomb Vietnam 's cities to rubble , as it can Iraq 's cities , but this solves nothing , claims vast numbers of innocent lives , and confirms the view of Americans as occupiers .
Over the longer term , increased food yields could be turned into sustained economic growth .
The result is a trap in which poverty causes bad governance and bad governance causes poverty -- a two-way spiral downward that can lead to such extreme deprivation that the government , lacking computers , telephones , information systems , and trained civil servants , could n't function honestly even if it wanted to .
Only incredible hubris and naiveté could bring US -LRB- and UK -RRB- leaders to believe that Western troops would be greeted as liberators rather than as occupiers .
The root of the problem is that Africa 's farmers are too poor to obtain the basic modern inputs -- including high-yield seed varieties , fertilizers , and small-scale water management systems -- that could enable them to double or triple their output of food and cash crops .
If organizations like Rotary International can help African farmers to get a 50 kilogram bag of appropriate fertilizer and a 10 kilogram tin of improved seeds , the rise in farm output could be enough to relieve extreme hunger and help farm households begin to earn some income .
For a very low cash outlay -- and perhaps none at all on balance -- we could conserve nature and thus protect the basis of our own lives and livelihoods .
At the same time , small farmers would receive a steady flow of income , which they could use for micro-investments to improve their household 's wealth , education , and health .
So the G-8 's commitment could be honored , if rich countries cared to honor it .
These investments could be increased systematically during the period from now until 2015 , in order to enable these countries to achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
The US and Israel believed that they could force Hamas into submission even before negotiations with the new government began .
With outside help , Darfur could increase the productivity of its livestock through improved breeds , veterinary care , collection of fodder , and other strategies .
A meat industry could be developed in which Darfur 's pastoralists would multiply their incomes by selling whole animals , meat products , processed goods -LRB- such as leather -RRB- , dairy products , and more .
Living standards could be improved significantly and rapidly through low-cost targeted investments in malaria control , school feeding programs , rainwater harvesting for drinking water , mobile health clinics , and boreholes for livestock and irrigation in appropriate locations .
Cell phone coverage could revolutionize communications for sparse populations in Darfur 's vast territory , with major benefits for livelihoods , physical survival , and the maintenance of family ties .
They could not , in the long-term , beat the science without gravely damaging their reputations .
First , she declared that the vote could not be re-assessed by an independent tally .
In fact , most observers on the scene believed that there was a long paper trail , from the polling sites all the way to Nairobi , which could be re-assessed in detail .
Either way , Kenyans and their votes would be taken seriously , and tempers could well subside .
Virtually anyone could borrow to buy a house , with little or even no down payment , and with interest charges pushed years into the future .
If it pushes too hard on continued monetary expansion , it wo n't prevent a bust but instead could create stagflation -- inflation and economic contraction .
For example , solar power plants in America 's Mohave Desert could supply more than half of the country 's electricity needs .
Solar power plants in Northern Africa could supply power to Western Europe .
And solar power plants in the Sahel of Africa , just south of the vast Sahara , could supply power to much of West , East , and Central Africa .
It is shocking , and worrisome , that public financing remains slight , because these technologies ' success could translate into literally trillions of dollars of economic output .
This would not only be good economics , but also good politics , since it could unite the world in our common interest , rather than dividing the world in a bitter struggle over diminishing oil , gas , and coal reserves .
In some cases , with appropriate government action , they could double or even triple food production in just a few years .
They could not obtain bank financing .
For example , farmers around the world could reduce their water use dramatically by switching from conventional irrigation to drip irrigation , which uses a series of tubes to deliver water directly to each plant while preserving or raising crop yields .
While we are well past the time when the United States alone could solve any global problems , it does not even try to find shared global solutions .
The White House did all it could for eight years to hide the overwhelming scientific consensus that humans are contributing to climate change .
It is those views that could end up getting us all killed .
So long as the credits are long term and carry a modest interest rate -LRB- say , 25-year dollar loans at 5 % per annum -RRB- , the recipient countries could repay the loans out of the significant boost in incomes that would result over the course of a generation .
The result is a grain yield -LRB- for example , maize -RRB- that is roughly one-third less than what could be achieved with better farm inputs .
But the Bank does not yet have sufficient funds to meet these countries ' urgent needs , and has had to ration assistance to a small fraction of the flows that could be effectively and reliably used .
By pooling financial resources into a single-donor FCM , aid programs ' administrative costs could be kept low , the availability of aid flows could be assured , and poor countries would not have to negotiate 25 times in order to receive help .
Such a gathering would enable information-sharing , which could save lives and economies .
The new US commanding general in Afghanistan is reportedly a specialist in `` counter-insurgency , '' which could well involve surreptitious engagement by US operatives in Pakistan .
If so , the results could prove catastrophic , leading to a spreading war in an unstable country of 180 million people .
Based on these building blocks , the world could agree on allocating the costs for speeding the development and spread of new low-emission technologies .
Of course , part of the strategy would be to create market incentives for new low-emission technologies , so that inventors could develop their own ideas with the prospect of large profits if those ideas are right .
Indeed , the new initiative , combined with others in health , education , and infrastructure , could be the greatest step so far toward achieving the Millennium Development Goals , the internationally agreed effort
Non-financial companies could not get working capital , much less funding for long-term investments .
Enterprises could not sell their output , leading to production cuts and layoffs .
Based on these factors , one analysis counts 50 likely Democratic `` Yes '' votes and 34 Republican `` No '' votes , leaving 16 votes still in play . Ten of the swing votes are Democrats , mainly from coal states ; the other six are Republicans who conceivably could vote with the president and the Democratic majority .
With developing countries displaying their readiness to reach a global deal , could the US Senate really prove to be the world 's last great holdout ?
These paralyzing factors could intensify in the years ahead .
The budget deficits could continue to prevent any meaningful action in areas of critical need .
The divisions over the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan could continue to block a decisive change in policy , such as a withdrawal of forces .
The desire of Republicans to defeat the Democrats could lead them to use every maneuver to block votes and slow legislative reforms .
With fertilizer , improved seeds , small-scale irrigation , rapid training and extension services , and low-cost storage silos , Haiti 's food production could double or triple in the next few years , sustaining the country and building a new rural economy .
The stakes could not be higher -- or the prospects more exciting .
At a recent launch of a `` school-to-school '' link connecting an elementary school in the United States with one in Kenya , young children across an 8,000-mile divide shared a `` read-aloud , '' and then reflected in amazement and delight that they could share a story with kids in another part of the world .
This year , despite a massive budget crisis , the UK government has heroically honored its aid commitments , showing that other countries could have done so if they had tried .
He could then present an estimated price tag for phasing in these changes over time , and demonstrate that the costs would be modest compared to the enormous benefits .
The first concerned the environmental devastation that he could observe -- including the retreat of glaciers and the loss of land cover -- as he flew from Bhutan to India .
Incautious and expensive advice from McKinsey and other private consulting firms could help turn Bhutan into a degraded tourist zone .
The world could see that there would be little practical follow-up .
Yet when it came to US action , the most that the US could offer financially was slight debt relief for Egypt -LRB- $ 1 billion -RRB- , scant loan guarantees -LRB- $ 1 billion -RRB- , and some insurance coverage for private investments .
The days when a country could depend on large-scale American financing are over .
Through this new partnership of communities , governments , businesses , and academia , the current crisis could yet mark the start of regional recovery and development .
In the past countries could achieve high living standards by exploiting natural resources .
It has not provided enough leadership and financing in fighting AIDS in poor countries ; dragged its feet on canceling unpayable debts of the world 's poorest countries -LRB- not because of the financial costs , which are negligible as they could not be repaid anyway , but because US politicians have not taken the plight of the poor seriously -RRB- ; and slashed foreign assistance as a share of national income to where it is lower than any rich country .
If every rich country contributed around one-tenth of 1 % of its national income , or roughly 1 cent for every $ 10 dollars earned , the result would be $ 25 billion a year that could be used to save the lives of millions of the world 's poor .
The WHO Commission estimated that 8 million people each year could be saved by a properly funded effort .
With better policies all countries in the world could simultaneously achieve higher growth .
Yet the fact that the world could agree despite the absence of the US may prove promising .
Academic scholars and political observers debate whether globalization is a real phenomenon or a slogan ; whether globalization is beneficial or harmful ; and whether globalization is a fragile process that could be reversed or a robust process likely to gather force in the coming years .
A penny on ten dollars would make historic breakthroughs in health ; another penny on ten dollars could address the critical needs in education as well .
If the world - especially the US and other rich countries - shift a small amount of their military spending to meeting the needs of the world 's poorest people , our generation could free humanity from poverty 's iron grip .
Millions die each year of poverty - lives that could be saved if the poor had access to better health care , nutrition , and other essential needs .
Rich countries could enable the poorest of the poor to escape from misery by providing just a tiny fraction of their yearly national income - or , indeed , of their military spending - to overcome the crises of hunger , education , and disease .
That aid , combined with the market-based economic growth , could end extreme poverty .
Even non-democracies such as modernized China could accept this rule , because it would apply to heads of government , not ruling parties .
An international term limit , of course , could infringe the right of a real democracy to keep a popular leader for more than 20 years .
In our much more democratic and interconnected world , it is possible that a clear international norm limiting time in power could spare the world from dictatorship and destabilization in the future .
Argentina 's Government of the time -LRB- under President de la Rua -RRB- and the IMF tried the Depression-era false `` cure '' of budget cuts , but there was no way that austerity could keep up with falling tax revenues .
Instead , the government closed down the banking system , so that depositors could no longer convert their pesos into dollars !
With banks reopened , a currency that works , and suspension of debt servicing , some short-term IMF loans could boost confidence and help the country overcome its crisis of confidence .
Food could have been transported by rail within British India to save many starving people , but the British believed in a hands-off , laissez faire policy .
If every American gave $ 10 per year to this cause , over 1 million Africans could be saved from AIDS death each year , with money left over to fight the disease .
As recent studies show , if the 1 billion people in the rich world gave $ 10 per year , the resulting total of $ 10 billion could finance a serious battle against AIDS , TB , and malaria .
When US Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill visited an AIDS clinic in Soweto , South Africa , doctors told him that they could increase by ten times the number of people treated with AIDS drugs if sufficient money was available .
Europe and Japan have also avoided the financial contributions to AIDS control that could keep millions of HIV-infected Africans alive .
As with AIDS , a few dollars per person of assistance for agriculture each year could spare millions from hunger .
In other words , even if you know that the dollar will eventually fall , you could go bankrupt before you can prove your case if everyone else continues betting that it will rise .
Finally , tightened financial market regulation could perhaps slow some of the hot-money flows that exaggerate the booms and busts .
The economic costs of such a war could be huge , both in direct American outlays for war and its aftermath , and in the indirect spillovers on the world economy .
The economic outcome of war could well depend on the diplomatic context .
A high cost of war is certainly not a case for inaction , especially in the face of a serious risk that Iraq could obtain , and eventually use , weapons of mass destruction .
Yet pursuing war where diplomatic means - weapons inspections , threats of retaliation in the face of Iraqi aggression , readiness of the UN to act if dangers from Iraq become imminent - might suffice could result in huge and avoidable economic -LRB- as well as other -RRB- costs .
We must also recognize that a war with Iraq , even a limited war , could profoundly disrupt the international flow of goods , services , and investments upon which our global economy now rests .
The direct macroeconomic stimulus that could arise from military spending may be overwhelmed by the uncertainties and disruptions that would accompany military conflict .
The increased costs could further depress the drop of cross-border capital flows that has been underway for two years , since the end of the US stock market boom .
In contrast to budget surpluses `` as far as the eye could see , '' the US now has large budget deficits that will linger for many years to come .
Rising budget deficits will poison US domestic politics and lead to budgetary gridlock . That in turn , could lead to a loss of consumer confidence .
Since consumer spending has been the remaining bulwark of the US economy since the collapse of the financial bubble , war with Iraq could puncture the last point of stability in the US economy .
A war that pits America against the world could call into doubt the progress of globalization , particularly international trade negotiations .
This fatalistic vision is tragic and could become a self-fulfilling nightmare .
Turkey itself could serve as a stronger bridge to the unstable Turkic societies of Central Asia , from Azerbaijan to Kyrgyzstan , countries now at risk of destabilization from the war on terrorism and struggles over oil and other natural resources .
The US may have done something few could have expected : united the Shi'ites and the Sunnis in a common cause .
Indeed , Iraq is reportedly pumping 1-2 million barrels of oil a day rather than the 2-3 million barrels that the country could quickly achieve in peaceful circumstances .
This implies that if Iraq increased its oil exports by one million barrels a day -- which it could quickly achieve with a cessation of attacks on its infrastructure -- it would have around $ 10 billion per year in additional revenues to begin reconstruction .
Iraq 's oil production could probably rise to around five million barrels per day within three years .
The US could save itself tens of billions of dollars per year by withdrawing its troops from Iraq .
He inherited an economic , political , and social crisis as deep as any in the world , and he warned President Bush last year that extreme poverty and widening ethnic divisions could incite insurrection .
The problem is that most of Africa is too poor to mobilize the methods of prevention -LRB- bed nets -RRB- and treatments -LRB- anti-malarial medicines -RRB- that could save millions of children every year .
If so , it could mark not only Brazil 's economic ascendancy but also the recovery of other parts of South America .
If the Middle East is already at a breaking point , imagine what could happen if competition for Middle East oil intensifies among America , Europe , China , India , Japan , and others .
· humans might react badly to such changes , because changes in monsoon patterns or sea levels and the ensuing economic distress could provoke massive political unrest , refugee movements , and violent conflict .
But Israel , with its vastly stronger army , could and should have taken much wiser political decisions than occupying the West Bank with settlers .
As historian David Fromkin shows in his recent book Europe 's Last Summer , von Moltke feared that Russia was gaining too much industrial strength , and that in a few years Russia could withstand a war with Germany .
The Bush administration wanted to fight Saddam Hussein well before the terrorist attacks on the US of September 11 , 2001 , but it could not have gained public support .
The US could easily afford to do more .
When an agricultural research unit called the World Agroforestry Center discovered that a certain tree could help African farmers grow more food , they introduced a new and valuable approach to overcoming Africa 's chronic food crisis .
With our knowledge , science , and technology , the horrendous living conditions of the world 's poorest people could be dramatically improved .
Millions of people could be spared malaria , HIV\/AIDS , hunger , and life in slums .
A global effort , similar to the response to the Asian tsunami , could change this disastrous situation , saving more than one million lives per year .
With around one billion people living in high-income countries , it would thus cost just $ 2 to $ 3 per person per year in the developed world to fund an effort that could save more than one million children annually .
Investments in soil nutrients and water harvesting could help African farmers double or triple their food yields .
Rural roads , truck transport , and electricity could bring new economic opportunities to remote villages in Latin America , Africa , and Asia .
School meal programs using locally produced food could boost attendance by poor children , especially girls , and improve their ability to learn , while also providing an expanded market for local farmers .
It could hardly be more clear .
I am quite sure that The Wall Street Journal does not really represent the interests or views of many or even most of American rich people , including the millionaires and billionaires whose contributions to aid could make a huge difference for the lives of millions of people .
Sea levels are rising , and could climb sharply if global warming leads to a destabilization of the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets . In short , the scientific evidence is strong and growing that the planet is at grave risk , with many ill effects already being felt and more to come .
A more ideological and antagonistic approach - in the form of increased political and social repression - could stir Iran 's discontented masses , reviving the non-violent but radicalized reformists .
So the long term could be long in coming . Courageous Iranians who have labored to reform their country may continue to feel as though they are plowing the seas .
`` Whenever we heard the train coming , '' my father once told me , `` all the young boys in the village would run as fast as we could through the apple orchard to greet the passing Americans .
Still , despite popular demand in Iran , and common strategic interests , it could be years before America and Iran sit down and make amends .
Three decades later , millions of chastened Iranians wish they could relive those heady days differently ; their Pakistani counterparts would be wise to heed their hindsight .
As protests began last year , the grass-roots nature of the Green Movement was initially thought to be advantageous , given that it could not be easily decapitated . `` Thirty years ago people were sheep and Khomeini was their shepherd , '' a prominent Iranian democratic activist told me .
Indeed , asked at a conference in London what would be the worst news his staff could bring him , Senegal 's President Wade quipped : `` that oil has been discovered just off our coast . ''
Empowering citizens by giving them money could rectify this imbalance and so improve accountability and the functioning of democracy .
At best , our proposal could fundamentally improve the quality of public institutions and thus transform economics and politics in Nigeria for decades to come .
This could be described as a temporary advisory parliament , or ` Shura Council , ' but it should include hundreds of figures from throughout the country and they should be selected through the Governing Council and interim Government after nationwide consultations .
If Iran does not properly manage its growing power , it could unwittingly trigger a drawn out sectarian war throughout the region , a nuclear arms race with Saudi Arabia and Egypt , and war with Israel , the US , or both .
It could also draw in major Sunni powers , such as Egypt and Turkey , which have at times been dominant in the region , but lately have been disengaged .
Too many Iranian successes , and too many Sunni debacles , could also lead to immense pressure in Syria , where a minority Alawi regime dominates a Sunni majority .
If Iran and the Arab countries -- and alongside them the US and the international community -- do not manage today 's tensions wisely , the region could enter a period of protracted warfare .
Militarily , it has nipped in the bud any potential armed militia in West Beirut that could hinder its movement beyond the southern suburbs .
Hezbollah and its main backer , Iran , were motivated by two concerns : fear of the next Israeli attack , which Hezbollah believes is inevitable , and concern over Syrian-Israeli peace talks that , if successful , could leave Hezbollah without its main bridge to Iran . Hezbollah has been rearming and redeploying since the 2006 war ; the actions of May further consolidate its position in and around Beirut .
Given its popularity among Lebanese Shia , Hezbollah could continue as an influential political party , but it would have to abandon its role as a major proxy force for Iran 's Revolutionary Guards .
Given today 's trends , a loose East Asian trade bloc revolving around China -LRB- more likely than Japan -RRB- could emerge alongside US-led and EU-led blocs , all interlinked by a cross-regional patchwork of bilateral and `` plurilateral '' FTAs .
To rediscover the Che who could inspire , I returned to the young Ernesto of Che 's diary .
The old aristocracy not only dominated the House of Lords , but also used its influence to get relatives , friends , and family retainers elected to the House of Commons by exploiting a key institutional weakness -- the existence of `` rotten boroughs '' that could be bought and sold .
An additional factor could depress future birth rates in China and India .
One could argue that this is a good thing , in view of the planet 's limited carrying capacity .
Indeed , the vast popular protests that took place during the `` Orange Revolution '' in Ukraine five years ago convinced the Kremlin that they could not allow any spontaneous outburst of public emotions .
In theory , the host country could hire its own international experts to assist it in negotiations .
Besides , in large deals , the negotiating team 's costs are relatively small -LRB- or they could be reimbursed out of the project 's revenue stream -RRB- .
One could even include a capacity-building element by adding to the team one or two local negotiators .
On the other hand , the increased cost would be offset to some extent by lower-cost imported inputs , and foreign affiliates could expect to repatriate higher profits from sales in China in terms of their own currencies .
The revaluation effect would be reinforced by rising wage pressures inside China , which are already leading some labor-intensive Chinese firms to invest abroad -LRB- there are more than 700 Chinese affiliates in Vietnam alone -RRB- . Some of these firms have been weighing whether to move production abroad or to inland provinces of China ; revaluation could push them in the former direction .
They know that despite the extensive damage that they could inflict on the South , in the end , they would be destroyed by American and South Korean power if combat ever starts .
The EU was founded in recognition that certain goals could only be achieved through cooperation .
But , while there is no substitute for appropriate defense budgets , we could get more from current spending levels , especially through a smarter approach to defense acquisition .
In this sense , China , like many countries , could be said to have something of a bi-polar personality .
One could almost hear the collective gnashing of teeth in the US , especially in the Congress .
True , China remains a Marxist-Leninist state and could still become overtly hostile , especially where conflicts like the one surrounding Taiwan 's future are concerned .
If climate change were on the agenda for Hu 's upcoming trip , the meeting , whether or not it is designated a `` state visit , '' could be one of historic consequence .
But China 's performance could become symbolic of a more significant long-term breakthrough -- the moment when the country put its fear of the outside world aside and began to emerge as a more pro-active agent of multilateral cooperation .
For economic convergence , if allowed to ripen , could set Taiwan and the PRC on an evolutionary course toward common sovereignty .
But regulation could change that .
Nonetheless , given the relatively favorable outlook for cross-border banking , Western banks ' presence in emerging markets could strengthen further , while banks domiciled in these regions might start looking beyond national borders .
At the same time , French and Dutch citizens ' voices can not be ignored -- all the more so because it is unimaginable that an identical text could be submitted to a second referendum in either country .
A cynical observer remarked at the preliminary hearing that by the looks of it the Russian authorities could n't make up their mind : either the former Yukos bosses did n't pay taxes or they embezzled money .
The third false lesson is that if we could only maintain confidence in the financial system -LRB- and by extension the wider economic system -RRB- , the system itself could be trusted to survive and prosper .
Why were we all taken in by the idea that we could make ourselves collectively richer by selling each other overpriced equities and houses ?
For a few years we managed to circumvent that part of our brains that told us we could n't tickle ourselves to greater wealth .
Of course , imposing the same investment conditions in all countries could take away the incentive to invest in the least attractive of them .
But an agreement could be reached to establish categories of countries , the most important aim being to prevent dumping between countries that are at the same stage of development .
If this view is correct , an agreement could create new instruments for disseminating information , while signaling poor countries ' commitment to welcoming FDI .
Indeed , whereas agricultural trade issues put rich and poor countries ' national interests on a collision course , promoting investment flows to the developing world could unify all countries around a shared objective .
The international community must resist shortsighted calls to withdraw from middle-income nations on the ground that they could now `` go it alone . ''
If the First Lady wears a headscarf , maintained the secular-minded elite , the whole secular system could be undermined .
They could just as easily take the high road : much evidence indicates that workers who are rewarded rather than victimized can contribute to greater competitiveness for firms in the long run .
Human subjects are allowed to be bitten by 100 mosquitoes that could carry malaria in a study in Brazil .
I estimate that in the US alone , there are more than twenty million subjects , half of whom represent drug trials . Worldwide , this number could exceed fifty million , with about half that number in drug studies .
Chen 's personal wealth grew conspicuously shortly after he assumed office , but no one could produce hard evidence of his corruption back then .
Taiwan 's sole aboriginal parliamentarian once provided the logical rebuttal to Chen and the DPP , delivering a speech to a packed Congress entirely in his native tongue , which nobody else in the chamber could understand .
Many `` counter-revolutionary '' families were forced out of their homes to live in buffalo sheds so that their meager assets could be requisitioned .
Chen can remain in office until his term ends in 2008 , or he could resign now in order to let his vice president and pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party -LRB- DPP -RRB- rebuild to win the next election .
After winning the presidency , Chen could have risen above theatrics by focusing on two Taiwanese strengths : its economy and its unbroken humanist Chinese cultural tradition .
What a pathetic ending for a man who could have become one of the most important leaders in modern Chinese history .
If Thaksin is sincere , he could serve Thailand by bringing back a few of his host city 's more admirable virtues .
The rest of us thought that these institutions could instill the wisdom , insight , and character of which we all wished we had more .
All of the firms they led collapsed , and were saved only by money from those who could never get a senior job on Wall Street or a place at Harvard .
The financial crisis should have mandated a running stress test to keep senior management up to date daily . Why , then , did the US need the government to conduct a financial exercise that bankers themselves could and should have done far better and faster ?
This message , it was hoped , would stabilize the market so that prices for `` toxic '' assets could rise to a level at which bankers might feel comfortable selling them .
But , even with China 's efforts to loosen the renminbi-dollar linkage , it is arguable whether revaluation could save American jobs or improve the US trade balance .
A more difficult issue for Hu could be intellectual property rights .
But if China wants to raise the military budget to improve the quality of its army , the conflict with the demands of fiscal stability could make military transparency important for domestic reasons , and China might no longer view it as being off limits in its relations with the US .
Roman Abromovictch , for example , just acquired London 's Chelsea football club -- a witty way to join English society , no doubt , but an investment unlikely to offer the kind of financial returns he could make in Russia if his confidence in the country were undented .
After all , a new division of wealth could occur only in the wake of a revolution that would disturb his hold on power .
But even if they could disarm the extremists , Palestinians are divided about how far they are willing to go to attain security for Israel .
Wen 's remarks led to speculation that Shenzhen , which set the pace for China 's economic development , could soon become a `` special political zone . ''
China experts noted that a next step could be direct elections for the chiefs of the Special Economic Zone 's six districts .
If internal elections become widespread , the lines of ideological disagreement within elite circles might become more clearly drawn , which could further spur calls for some kind of representative institutional structure .
Yet , until recently , one could insure one 's home against fire or other damage , but not against a loss in market value .
Its further increase could lead to counterproductive protectionist measures .
Oil prices may fall once these shocks dissipate , but speculative effects could keep them relatively high , weakening the world economy and depressing stock markets .
Indeed , the opposite may be the case : combating deflation could have the perverse effect of creating high inflation .
Some scientists say that the average human lifespan could reach 90 years or more by mid-century .
If there were no longevity risk -- that is , if the probability of dying at each age in the future were reliably known -- then pension funds could easily offer life annuities to large numbers of people by investing their assets in bonds of various maturities in order to pay out just the right amount each year .
In fact , creating such a market is the most important step we can take to address longevity risk , for we could then discover its true price , allowing myriad business decisions involving longevity to be made more efficiently .
But could most people have ?
It is natural to suppose that it could not .
The most notable is a significant movement towards providing finely focused risk-management services to the poor , which could ultimately prove to be worth far more than $ 40 billion .
Without risk management , poor people will not experiment with new crops or more productive methods , because any mistake could be disastrous .
In the past , weather insurance could not manage a farmer 's risk effectively because we could not measure well enough the effects of weather on crops .
Jeffrey Sachs 's new book The End of Poverty argues that with proper help from advanced countries the world could see the end of poverty as we know it in coming decades , prompting some to describe him as a starry-eyed idealist .
Most people who could n't possibly afford such a vacation home probably do n't miss it .
Prices could increase much faster at times .
They could merely create an indexed unit of account to replace currency for measuring economic quantities and defining prices .
The unit would be nothing more than a consumer price index , given a simple name , and published daily , so that people could use this unit and its name to quote prices in real terms .
Following Chile 's example , governments also could redefine the tax system in terms of the units of account rather than currency .
In the near future , substantially higher oil prices , lower real estate prices , or both , could , depending on public reaction , put Bernanke into uncharted territory for economic stress .
If confidence declines , his historical understanding of the Great Depression of the 1930 's could leave him ill-equipped to prevent such shocks from sinking the US , and the world , economy .
Mexicans seem to believe that they could be living at close to US living standards in another few decades .
If home prices crash in the US , the bastion of capitalism , could it destroy confidence and end the boom in other countries ?
If so , could a worldwide recession follow ?
The same kind of erosion in home prices could occur in many cities around the world .
Many people who could not afford a car in 2000 now have one , and people who could afford only one car in 2000 now have two .
People who could not afford to send their children to a good school or college now can .
But McLuhan could not have anticipated the cosmopolitan class , because he could not have anticipated the immense development of direct interpersonal communications media that allow cosmopolitans around the world to form friendships .
There is no spokesperson for the cosmopolitan class , no organization that could be blamed for what is happening .
He tried to make a profit in microfinance in order to prove these neglected people 's creditworthiness , so that he could continue lending to them .
Employees learned in the experiments that employers largely could be trusted to give such bonuses as a reward for hard work , even though no one could hold them formally accountable if they selfishly refused .
Blinder is absolutely right that the problem could get worse .
This may mean that buyers will not allow prices to rise like last time , but it could also mean that owners will be more ready to exit from the market .
The consequences could be severe , and not only in the US , where 21 % of mortgages last year were for more than 90 % of a home 's purchase price , up from 7 % at the peak of the boom in the late 1980s .
How could he manage to preside over such a spectacular stock-market boom ?
It could even be called an approximate synonym for `` bubbly . ''
Under this interpretation , the term 's popularity is a source of concern : it may indicate a market psychology that could lead to downward volatility in prices .
So there may be an underlying sensitivity to price drops , which could fuel a succession of downward price changes , amplifying public concerns about problems in the economy and heralding a profound change in investor sentiment .
The boom , and the widespread conviction that home prices could only go higher , led to a weakening of lending standards .
He is mostly right : the best thing that monetary authorities could have done , given their other priorities and concerns , is to lean against the real estate bubble , not stop it from inflating .
If home prices continue to decline in the United States and possibly elsewhere , there could be many more vivid images .
Such images become part of your sense of reality , and could disturb your sense of confidence and reduce your willingness to spend and support the economy .
Some of the innovations associated with the sub-prime crisis -- notably option-ARM 's , when extended to borrowers who could n't handle them -- seem to have little redeeming value .
It was sincerely believed , and supported by deep intuitive judgment , that interruptions in this upward trajectory could only be small and transient .
But , as an alternative to the IMF proposal , there could be purely private recession insurance .
The price of the insurance would have to be adjusted regularly to adjust for varying public knowledge of the likelihood of a recession , and people could not be allowed to cancel their policies , and stop making payments , whenever the economic outlook became rosier .
The only insurance that people might think they can afford could carry a large deductible , and if the deductible is very large , people might not feel so reassured by this insurance .
Despite a huge twenty-first century boom in cropland prices in the US that parallels the housing boom of the 2000 's , the average price of a hectare of cropland was still only $ 6,800 in 2008 , according to the US Department of Agriculture , and one could build 10-20 single-family houses surrounded by comfortable-sized lots on this land , or one could build an apartment building housing 300 people .
Land costs could easily be as low as $ 20 per person , or less than $ 0.50 per year over a lifetime .
Home prices can not have shown such increases over long time periods , for then no one could afford a home .
These misunderstandings have not been corrected , which means that the same kinds of speculative dislocations could recur .
In such cases , the innovation would never be implemented without patent protection , because no inventor could ever recoup costs .
Likewise , home prices have been booming over the past year or two in several places , notably China , Brazil , and Canada , and prices could still be driven up in many other places .
This design helped spread the earthquake risk from Japan to foreign investors , who could accept the risk and were enticed by higher expected yields .
Unfortunately , $ 1.5 billion is little better than what charity could do -- and still only a drop in the bucket compared to the extent of the damage .
Japan could have insulated itself from a good deal of the effects of GDP fluctuations if it had managed this risk accordingly .
In its simplest form , the securities could be shares in GDP .
The 1990 's saw an unprecedented rise in the number of quarters in which earnings beat analysts ' estimates by a penny a share , suggesting that more irregularities could be discovered .
If Obama and Chinese President Hu Jintao could agree about what actions their countries would take , and what explicit commitments they would make as part of a global agreement , the rest of the world would follow .
The US and China could work together to organize managerial and development training for North Koreans and encourage the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund to start providing technical advice .
But substantive agreements on climate change , the financial crisis , or North Korea would require both countries to take actions that could be domestically costly .
Though fragile and violent , Kyrgyzstan is the most democratic state in the region , and it could be America 's natural ally .
No diplomat could match that kind of influence .
By one estimate , with a long term , predictable , and equitable post-2012 global regulatory framework for curbing greenhouse gas emissions -LRB- when the Kyoto protocol expires -RRB- , carbon markets could develop exponentially and deliver financial flows to developing countries of anywhere between $ 20 and $ 120 billion dollars\/year .
Poland 's initiative to create a European Endowment for Democracy could play a leading role here , and with Europe 's own unfinished business of democratization in Belarus and elsewhere , like backsliding Ukraine .
The dollar could not challenge sterling 's role as the world 's currency without matching its reputation .
While a broad and abrupt sell-off by major foreign holders of dollars -- for example , China -- appears unlikely , a cataclysmic event , similar to the outbreak of the Great War in 1914 , could prompt a search for a new international medium of exchange .
A catastrophic loss of electronic records could surely destroy the credibility of the dollar as the international medium of exchange .
Perhaps gold , a store of value impervious to physical distortion , could make a comeback .
The expansion of the moral circle could be about to take a significant step forwards .
They could be right .
For nomadic societies , there was no point in owning anything that one could not carry , but once humans settled down and developed a system of money , that limit to acquisition disappeared .
City employees could face criminal charges if they set their thermostats below 78 degrees Fahrenheit -LRB- 25.5 Celsius -RRB- .
You might , for example , have extra checkups to detect early signs of the diseases that you are most at risk of contracting , or you could alter your diet to reduce that risk .
So it is , in a way , and in the hands of authoritarian regimes , genetic selection could resemble the evils of earlier forms of eugenics , with their advocacy of odious , pseudoscientific official policies , particularly concerning `` racial hygiene . ''
But even if parents make choices that are good for their children , there could be perils as well as blessings .
In the case of sex selection , it is easy to see that couples who independently choose the best for their own child can produce an outcome that makes all their children worse off than they would have been if no one could select the sex of their child .
Something similar could happen with other forms of genetic selection .
The outcome could be a genetic `` arms race '' that leads to taller and taller children , with significant environmental costs in the additional consumption required to fuel larger human beings .
If the patient could avoid the burden and yet continue to live , that would be his choice .
The Bush administration says that the detainees are `` enemy combatants '' in the global war against terror -- a war that is being waged around the world , and that could last for decades .
For most of our evolutionary history , human beings -- and our primate ancestors -- have lived in small groups , in which violence could be inflicted only in an up-close and personal way , by hitting , pushing , strangling , or using a stick or stone as a club .
Prostitution is illegal in most of the US , including Washington DC , and this could be one reason why Tobias had to resign .
Wang 's team conducted a randomized controlled trial that showed that depression screening -- to find workers who could benefit from treatment -- was cost-effective , reducing health insurance costs to employers , decreasing absence due to sickness , and increasing job retention and productivity .
So Karnofsky and Hassenfeld got together with six friends who also worked in finance and divided up the field to find out which charities could be shown to be effective .
But if donors start to follow GiveWell 's recommendations , then a high ranking from GiveWell could be worth far more than the value of the grant .
By giving charities an incentive to become more transparent and more focused on being demonstrably effective , GiveWell could make our charitable donations do much more good than ever before .
But establishing their father 's awareness could be a double-edged sword , since it could also mean that keeping him alive is pointless torture , and it is in his best interests to be allowed to die peacefully .
But infants and small children are just as likely to suffer and die in natural disasters as adults , and it seems impossible that they could deserve to suffer and die .
Hsieh says that whether or not his giving has saved the lives of others , it has saved his own : `` I could easily have lived a life that was boring and inconsequential .
Other countries , such as New Zealand and the United Kingdom , have taken steps to protect great apes from harmful experimentation , but no national parliament has declared that any animal could be a person with rights .
In an essay he wrote for In Defense of Animals , a book I edited that appeared in 2006 , he wrote , `` No realistic level of guerilla attacks of the kind carried out by the Animal Liberation Front could have hurt the battery farming industry as much as the new Austrian law does . ''
As Balluch writes : `` A law banning a whole industry does far more economic damage to the animal abuse industry than anything else the animal movement could do . ''
Frum thought this a bit pedantic , but concluded that it was emblematic of the President 's character and that `` the country could trust the Bush administration not to cheat and not to lie . ''
The fund would not replace existing patent laws , but would offer an alternative to them . Pharmaceutical companies could continue to patent and sell their products as they do now . Alternatively , they could register a new drug with the Heath Impact Fund , which would set a low price based on the drug 's manufacturing cost .
Moreover , companies would have an incentive to produce and distribute drugs at the lowest possible price , because only when the poor could use them would the drug save the greatest possible number of lives .
On this issue , the Bush administration wasted eight precious years during which we have gotten perilously close to the point at which an irreversible chain of events could occur that leads to catastrophe .
I doubt that any $ 50 billion in the Pentagon 's budget could do more to make the world safer than doubling aid to the world 's poorest people .
Some religious leaders also condemned the use of modern scientific technology to replace sexual intercourse , even when it could not lead to conception .
Fifty years ago , American chicken farmers found that by keeping their birds in sheds they could produce chickens for the table more cheaply and with less work than by traditional farmyard methods .
When this grain , which humans could eat directly , is fed to chickens , they use some of it to create bones and feathers and other body parts that we can not eat .
Medical experts warn that because the birds are routinely fed antibiotics to keep them growing in such crowded , filthy , and stressful conditions , antibiotic-resistant bacteria could cause a public-health threat .
But if the virus mutates into a form that is transmissible between humans , the number of deaths could run into the hundreds of millions .
In fact , it was cheaper only because it passed some of its costs on to others -- for example , to people who lived downstream or downwind from the factory farms , and could no longer enjoy clean water and air .
That wo n't be easy to do , but we could make a start by imposing a tax on factory-farm products until enough revenue is raised to pay for the precautions that governments now have to take against avian influenza .
Others did whatever they could -- from pedicures to washing cars -- to raise money .
On current indications , the amount Americans will give to relief efforts in Haiti could surpass the $ 1.9 billion they gave to assist victims of the 2004 Asian tsunami , which until now has stood as a record for donations to a disaster outside the United States .
That achievement appeared to take us significantly closer to a world in which patients could be given cell or tissue transplants that their bodies would not reject , because the biological materials , cloned from the patients themselves , would be a perfect match .
By this reasoning , a woman who finds herself pregnant at an inconvenient time could have an abortion , as long as she preserves a single cell from the fetus to ensure that its unique genetic potential is preserved .
That something so significant could spring up independently of governments and big business led many to believe that the Internet can bring the world a new type of freedom .
One could just as easily assert that during the period in which Google filtered its results in China , China was imposing its values on Google .
Likewise , in Cuba , Yoani Sánchez 's blog Generation Y has broken barriers that conventional media could not .
Technology can be used for good or for bad , and it is too soon to reach a verdict on the Internet . -LRB- In the eighteenth century , who could have foreseen that the development of the steam engine would have an impact on earth 's climate ? -RRB-
Sixteen cancer patients in critical need of bone marrow for transplants were put at risk because the matching marrow could not be flown in from the United States or Canada .
In the end , after test flights with no passengers aboard had shown no engine damage , and aircraft engine manufacturers told aviation authorities that their engines could operate safely with a low level of ash in the atmosphere , Europe 's skies were reopened .
We have yet to build a living organism entirely from bottles of chemicals , so anyone who believes in a `` life force '' that only a divine being could imbue into inert matter will no doubt continue to believe in it .
That battle was lost in 1980 , when the United States Supreme Court decided that a genetically modified micro-organism designed to clean up oil spills could be patented .
As for the likely usefulness of synthetic bacteria , the fact that Synthia 's birth had to compete for headlines with news of the world 's worst-ever oil spill made the point more effectively than any public-relations effort could have done .
He could have set a positive ethical example to people watching all over the world , including the many millions who are young and impressionable .
Neuer could have been a hero , standing up for what is right .
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has suggested that the documents could form the basis for prosecuting war crimes committed by US forces against Afghan civilians .
My father told me that he could not understand how anyone could enjoy an afternoon spent taking fish out of the water and letting them die slowly .
It is , she calculates , in the order of one trillion , although it could be as high as 2.7 trillion .
That meant that progress already made could contribute to the achievement of the goal .
He found that , like people everywhere , they had difficulties resisting the temptation to spend what little they had , even when they recognized that it would be better to save for a goal that could make a more substantial difference to their lives .
If you support protection of the world 's rain forests , you could decide that your penalty payment will go to an organization that favors commercial development of the Amazon .
This approach appears paternalistic , and perhaps it is , but it could also be defended in terms of preventing people from making their children destitute , and becoming -- in a country like Norway , which provides for its poor -- a burden on the state .
Thus , she appears to view school plays as a waste of time that could be better spent studying or practicing music .
A subsequent UN inquiry concluded that as few as 2,500 properly trained military personnel could have prevented the massacre of 800,000 Tutsis .
In response , Canada 's government established an International Commission on Intervention and State Sovereignty , which recommended that military intervention could be justified , as an extraordinary measure , where large-scale loss of life is occurring or imminent , owing to deliberate state action or the state 's refusal or failure to act .
Indeed , a digital universal library would be even better than any earlier thinker could have imagined , because every work would be available to everyone , everywhere , at all times .
And the library could include not only books and articles , but also paintings , music , films , and every other form of creative expression that can be captured in digital form .
The universal public library could be allowed to digitize even works that are in print and in copyright , in exchange for fees paid to the publisher and author based on the number of times the digital version is read .
Tucker was working with a colleague to design a refuge that could save thousands of lives if -- or rather , when -- a tsunami like the one in 1797 that came out of the Indian Ocean , some 600 miles southeast of where the 2004 Asian tsunami originated , strikes again .
In Padang , according to an estimate by the director of the city 's disaster management office , a similar tsunami could kill more than 400,000 people .
The idea is to build small hills in low-lying parts of the city , with level tops that could be used as parks or sports fields .
With the few minutes ' warning that an earthquake 's strong shaking would automatically provide , people could walk to a TEREP and be safe above the highest level a tsunami could reach .
So we may tell ourselves that the geologists could be wrong , and perhaps no tsunami will hit Padang in the next 30 years , and by then perhaps we will have new and better technologies for predicting them , giving people more time to get to higher ground .
Other defenses of objective truth in ethics made no appeal to religion , but could make little headway against the prevailing philosophical mood .
In that way , our closest relatives could serve to bridge the moral gulf that we have dug between ourselves and other animals .
That belief lay behind Bush 's denial of federal government funds for stem-cell research that could encourage the destruction of human embryos .
Although the Bush administration acknowledged that some scientists believe stem cell research could offer new ways of treating diseases that affect 128 million Americans , this prospect evidently did not , in Bush 's view , justify destroying human embryos .
The region 's new map was based on the assumption that the fundamentals of `` Muslim Asia '' could be transformed by introducing the Western nation-state system .
In the days and weeks ahead , there could arise occasions when the news from Cairo is not uplifting , but let us never forget that Egypt has taken a giant step , which in reality is a giant step for all Arabs .
This is why US policy oscillated so disconcertingly from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's `` Do not rush the pace or else the pro-democracy movement could well be hijacked '' to President Barack Obama 's emphatic call for `` change now . ''
Senge Hasan Sering , from Skardu , the director of the Gilgit-Baltistan National Congress , believes that the number of Chinese People 's Liberation Army troops now present `` could be over 11,000 , '' as there are also additional `` PLA construction corps personnel '' deployed .
Immigrants could come and work , pay taxes and social contributions , and gain free access to the public goods of the host country .
They could also receive the full contribution-financed social transfers that the welfare state provides .
Temporary exceptions could include supplemental social assistance , housing benefits or the `` export '' of family benefits to children living in the home country .
It allows for fine-tuning and self-selection of migration flows , yielding far better results than even the most well-meaning bureaucrats could ever achieve .
Moreover , it also contributes greatly to the high per-capita GDP figures , for the simple reason that the value-added created by these government jobs is part of GDP , even if it could never have been produced in the market economy .
Thus , the performance difference relative to Germany , say , could be caricatured as follows : while Germans collect part of the private value-added as taxes , which they then spend on unemployment benefits , Scandinavians in addition give their unemployed a desk and count the unemployment benefits as value-added in the government sector and , therefore , a contribution to GDP .
Nevertheless , it might be better to let the market decide what kinds of products the low-skilled and less motivated part of the workforce should and could reasonably produce , which speaks for the American way of subsidizing wages .
With some luck , good times for Germany , and for Europe as a whole , could last until the end of the decade .
But , while the compromise is more than could have been hoped for at the outset , several important countries did not partake of it .
If major consumer countries and most producer countries do not join the agreement to reduce CO2 emissions , it could be useless .
The oil sheikhs would likely be inclined to postpone extraction only if they could reasonably assume that the demand reductions of the signing countries and the comparative price reduction that this implies are stronger today than they will be in the future .
More importantly , a strike could introduce a paradigm shift in the German labor market for two reasons .
First , other privatized state-owned operations , especially postal and telecommunication services , could follow suit . Formerly , these operations could rely on the fact that employees were permanent civil servants -LRB- Beamte -RRB- , a German anomaly .
Banks could take on overly risky projects without scaring off investors because the government would step in as the lender of last resort .
Like used cars that break down right after they are sold , tomatoes and apples that look good but taste like water , or suits that quickly become threadbare , the seller could reduce the quality of the product and cut costs without the buyer 's knowledge .
The IMF , the G7 or a joint US-European body could be the right forum for determining new rules for financial markets aimed at enhancing the efficiency and stability of the world economy .
But in practice , immigration is often not as beneficial as it could be , because the target country has a rigid wage structure that prevents the additional jobs needed to employ the immigrants from being created .
This has dispelled hopes that Asia economic activity could develop separately from that of the US , thereby offsetting European exporters ' losses in America .
This could , of course , quickly change .
If the money is spent now , the economy in some sectors could overheat , helping no one .
Willingness could be exhausted if the EU budget is further expanded without reducing Germany 's net contribution and narrowing the gap between its financing and voting rights .
Now we know that this was propaganda intended to keep the foreign money flowing , so that US households could continue to finance their lifestyles .
However , the holder of a CDO or MBS would be unable to take these homeowners to court . And even if he succeeded , homeowners could simply return their house keys , as they , too , enjoy the protection of non-recourse .
Low-income people who could not be expected ever to repay their loans were given so-called NINJA credits : `` No income , no job , no assets . ''
Of course , the EU countries could leave Greece to the mercy of the International Monetary Fund , which is willing and able to help -- conditional on the government 's implementation of a strict austerity program .
Indeed , some countries insisted on the no-bailout clause as a condition of their participation in the euro , fearing that Europe 's debtor countries could , by majority voting , expropriate the thriftier countries , thereby generating moral-hazard effect that would undermine the stability of the EU .
Finally , Greece could leave the euro and devalue its currency .
While that would stimulate inward tourism and real-estate sales , what sounds easy and manageable to the layman would in fact be the most problematic solution for Greece , because it would add fuel to internal protests to a point that could destabilize the eastern Mediterranean .
The tragedy could have been avoided if Greece had shown unyielding , timely debt discipline .
The fines could be as high as the interest premium would be in the absence of help , thereby ensuring that the benefit of enhanced stability under the euro accrues to all eurozone countries , rather than to the profligate members themselves .
In order to prevent sinners from getting caught in a debt trap , the fines could take the form of covered bonds collateralized with privatizable state assets .
Since rescue measures beyond the pre-arranged Greek package had not been on the agenda for the Brussels meeting , German Chancellor Angela Merkel thought she could safely go to Moscow to commemorate the end of World War II -- unlike Sarkozy , who declined Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin 's invitation .
By formally proclaiming a systemic euro crisis -- when in fact there was only nervous market reaction concerning a few European countries ' government bonds -- they could invoke Article 122 of the Union Treaty , which was intended to help member countries in the event of natural disasters beyond their control .
EU countries agreed to limit their fiscal deficits to 3 % of GDP to ensure debt discipline under the euro , so that no country could use the new currency to take its neighbors hostage and force them into bailout operations .
Tight national caps on Target balances could provide the right incentive to comply .
Without the additional money that GIPS central banks created in excess of their countries ' requirements for internal circulation , trade deficits could not have been sustained , and the GIPS ' commercial banks would have been unable to prop up asset prices -LRB- which all too often were those of government bonds -RRB- .
The sums required for this could ultimately run into trillions , according to an estimate by Citibank .
Even Marx knew that the iron laws of economics could not be overcome by wishful thinking .
At that rate , it was predicted that the level could fall to zero within the next three years .
Deposit facilities count as central bank money and have inflationary potential , given that the German banks could withdraw those funds at any time .
If they do , more than the Target balances could be exploding in Europe .
If the home country were to remain responsible for welfare services to non-working immigrants , the erosion of West European welfare states that the theory of systems competition predicts could be halted .
The stakes for Liberia and for the region could not be higher .
In fact , too much meddling by Westerners could radicalize the community even more .
But even if capital controls could still fully insulate a country from the forces of financial globalization , such a goal would not be desirable .
He accused the British of being `` defeatist '' and argued that Afghanistan 's deteriorating security situation could be addressed with an Iraq-style `` surge , '' which has undoubtedly brought down violence levels in that country .
Only by doing so could economic growth be assured and poverty eliminated .
Future events could now be decomposed into calculable risks , and strategies and instruments could be developed to satisfy the full range of `` risk preferences . ''
Although designed before the current crisis , these models seem to fit current observations rather well : banks lending to entrepreneurs who could never repay , and asset prices changing even if there were no changes in conditions .
If only one person were perfectly informed , there could never be a crisis -- someone would always make the right calls at the right time . But only God is perfectly informed , and He does not play the stock market .
Before securitization , banks typically held mortgages ; now they could get them off their books .
What made the spread of derivatives possible was the ease with which the volume of debt for a given set of real assets could be expanded .
Since an unlimited number of CDSs could be sold against each borrower , the supply of swaps could grow much faster than the supply of bonds .
Many countries had `` failed '' states that could not provide even the minimum conditions of security and health .
Considerable evidence indicates that integration could be beneficial for Africa as well , given a framework suitable for African conditions .
This would enable capital buffers to be created in good years , which could then be drawn down in bad years .
As long as policies and institutions to do this were in place , Keynes argued , risk could be let to look after itself .
A more sensible view is that today 's economy is not producing as much as it could and that there are many more people who want to work than there are jobs available .
The law , for example , could be used to favor institutions -LRB- like the family -RRB- that incubate commitment , and to decentralize decision-making to the maximum practicable extent .
A new portfolio of regulations would increase banks ' capital requirements , limit the debt that they could take on , and establish a Consumer Financial Protection Agency to protect naïve borrowers against predatory lending .
LONDON -- With Labor trailing the Conservatives slightly in opinion polls , the British election on May 6 could well produce a `` hung '' parliament , in which neither major party obtains a majority and the Liberal Democrats hold the balance of power .
`` Risks to global financial stability have eased as the economic recovery has gained steam , but concerns about advanced country sovereign risks could undermine gains and prolong the collapse of credit .
Without more fully restoring the health of financial and household balance sheets , a worsening of public debt sustainability could be transmitted back to banking system or across borders .
But fears of government default in rich countries could threaten the recovery by causing interest rates to rise and exchange rates to fall .
The question he asked of his opponents was : `` What must they believe in order to claim that persistent mass unemployment is impossible , so that government ` stimulus ' to raise the employment level could do no good ? '' In answering this question , Keynes reconstructed the orthodox theory -- and then proceeded to demolish it .
The first of the implicit assumptions of orthodox theory that Keynes identified was Say 's Law , the doctrine that `` supply creates its own demand . '' This means that all money earned is bound to be spent , and therefore that at no point in time could there be a `` general glut '' of commodities .
But , because there were insufficient outlets for `` real '' investment in countries that already had all the capital they could use , cheap money proved to be a dysfunctional way of dealing with the problem of excess saving .
The result is a war of words that could easily turn into something worse .
There have always been huge moral questions about capitalism , which could be put to one side because capitalism was so successful at generating wealth .
Moreover , no one can predict the discovery of new knowledge ; if they could , it would already have been discovered .
It allows employees to choose a `` sabbatical '' year , which could be divided into shorter periods , every four or seven years .
In the United States ' successful Brady Bond plan in 1989 , the debtors -- Mexico , Argentina , and Brazil -- agreed to pay what they could .
In the run-up to the crisis , experts loudly claimed that `` efficient '' financial markets could be safely left to regulate themselves .
From that point on , commercial and investment banks could merge , and the composite entities were authorized to provide a full range of banking services , including underwriting and other trading activities .
Today 's `` new classical economics '' abstracted from the problem of uncertainty by assuming that it could be reduced to measurable -LRB- or hedgeable -RRB- risk .
But this totalitarian blitzkrieg could not last .
But it took the Communists two more years to realize that they could not introduce economic reform without Solidarity 's assent .
The `` Roundtable '' talks to change the political system could begin .
While the election to the newly created Senate was entirely free , the opposition could compete for only one-third of the seats in the Sejm -LRB- the lower house -RRB- .
Even if all 15,000 UN troops could be found and deployed , the challenges in Lebanon will remain daunting .
Under these circumstances , crises could be even greater , and the adjustments harsher -- as occurred under the last world currency , the gold standard .
Instead of introducing more legislation that is tainted both in the popular imagination and in its utility , Britain could , after all , trust its constitution to act as and when required to safeguard liberty and fair play .
History could be profitably subdivided into eras defined by the prevailing prime movers .
Since January 2006 , Moscow has negotiated separate deals with energy companies from Germany , France , Italy , Hungary , Serbia , Slovakia , and Denmark that could undercut Europe 's efforts to build additional pipelines aimed at bypassing Russia 's near monopoly of supplies from Central Asia .
MADRID -- Humanity 's main concerns today are not so much concrete evils as indeterminate threats . We are not worried by visible dangers , but by vague ones that could strike when least expected -- and against which we are insufficiently protected .
Later , negotiations could be opened up to all states , placing them under the ambit of the UNFCCC , for example .
Last year , we showed how rapidly we could mobilize when we deployed a monitoring mission to the Caucasus in less than three weeks to help defuse the crisis between Russia and Georgia , following the EU-mediated peace agreement .
Implemented correctly , these treaties could become a hopeful precedent for the entire European Union .
The quest for synergies and efficiency that is implied by the agreement could well become a driving force for the European Defense Agency .
The British may now consider the EDA a defense expenditure , but , when better defined , it could represent a source of savings for every EU country .
Likewise , the joint expeditionary forces established under the treaties could lead to the eventual creation of a wider structure , as they already contemplate `` bilateral cooperation with NATO , the European Union , the United Nations , or other operations . ''
The new pact between France and the UK could be a historic step toward rationalizing defense spending rather than toward demilitarizing Europe .
But if France and the UK understand how much their projection of power is linked to that of Europe , if they make cooperation reciprocal and expand it to other European countries -- according to the formula foreseen in the treaties -- we could eventually see an EU with the ability to assume the defense role expected of it by the global community .
Waiting and hoping for more favorable conditions could easily backfire .
And the US could have less of a role in a new Middle East with new governments less forgiving than their predecessors about the continuation of the occupation .
Instead of operating in an environment with little influence or room for maneuver , pushing the peace process now could help endear the Arab public to the West and give the US more sway in the new Middle East .
The Initiative , which involves some 170 financial institutions , also estimates that market financing for clean and renewable energies could reach $ 1.9 trillion by 2020 .
The Clean Development Mechanism of the Kyoto Protocol could channel $ 100 billion in funds from North to South for investment in carbon offsetting projects such as renewable energy schemes and tree planting .
The Bali conference last year agreed to include avoided deforestation in tropical countries into a new climate regime , which could generate new employment opportunities in sustainable management , conservation , and tourism .
Such a discourse , if clearly articulated , would be understood and could be endorsed by many , if not by all .
You see , they were using Microsoft-equipped computers and could not prove that the software had not been pirated .
By confiscating the computers , the Russian police could supposedly verify whether or not the Microsoft software that the activists were using had been installed legally .
Microsoft 's authorized representatives declared that they could not oppose the Russian police actions , because the Seattle-based company had to abide by Russian law .
On the Hong Kong-based search engine , Chinese internauts could read about Taiwan , the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989 , or the Dalai Lama .
One could argue that South Korea is not yet a mature economy and is only catching up with a more advanced Japan .
This European model succeeded beyond anyone 's wildest dreams , and for decades was the envy of the world in a way that neither `` Wild West '' American capitalism , nor Soviet and Maoist state socialism , ever could be .
Osborne has proposed ending payments to families with incomes in the highest tax bracket -- the opening shot in a campaign that could end up transforming the entire welfare system by reducing benefits handed to the middle and upper class .
The ailing French republic 's political leaders hoped that de Gaulle could end the Algerian war , yet keep Algeria French .
Only a strong leader , de Gaulle thought , could have avoided defeat .
Likewise , Che could kill with a shrug . Trained as a medical doctor in Argentina , he chose not to save lives but to suppress them .
As could be expected , Che applied Soviet policies to the Cubans : agriculture was destroyed and ghost factories dotted the landscape .
Ideological sloganeering allowed him to kill in larger numbers than any serial killer could imagine , and all in the name of justice .
But no empire could ever be held together by military power alone .
Nevertheless , the Bush doctrine could do untold harm before it is abandoned - as eventually it will be .
Rapid victory in Iraq with little loss of life could bring about a dramatic change in the overall situation .
Oil prices could fall , stock markets could celebrate , consumers could resume spending , and business could step up capital expenditures .
America would end its dependency on Saudi oil , the Israeli-Palestinian conflict could become more tractable and negotiations could start with North Korea without loss of face .
The UN could accede to Chief Inspector Blix 's request for several months to complete his inspections .
America 's military presence in the region could be reduced , but it could be beefed up again if Iraq balks . Invasion could take place at summer 's end .
For instance , the central banks of the US , Europe , Japan , and Britain could accept Brazilian paper at their discount windows .
The IMF could guarantee the central banks against market risk at current prices .
But let 's be clear : failure to address the problem could have disastrous consequences .
This generates political discontent that could have adverse consequences beyond the economic sphere .
Greater accountability could result in a greater contribution to meeting the UN 's Millennium Development Goals than most other initiatives .
Today , however , the EU must take the initiative and offer incentives ; concessions could then be withdrawn if expectations are not fulfilled .
The invasion of Afghanistan could be justified on the grounds that the Taliban provided Bin Laden and Al Qaeda with a secure training ground .
Invading Iraq could not be similarly justified .
Weapons of mass destruction could not be found , and the connection with al Qaeda could not be established .
Before the war , America could project overwhelming force .
When no connection with Al Qaeda could be established and no weapons of mass destruction could be found , he declared that we invaded Iraq to introduce democracy .
The need for renewed attention to Afghanistan could hardly be greater .
International support could help educate 40,000 Afghans each year in urgently needed fields , such as engineering , management , agriculture , law , and economics .
Last month , the Afghan leadership finally adopted -- albeit half-heartedly -- a transitional justice plan that could remove from power the biggest war criminals who have consolidated their grip on the country over the past five years .
Indeed , they could make the UN stronger than it has ever been .
That plot , which could have claimed more victims than the 9\/11 attacks , was foiled by the vigilance of the British intelligence authorities . Clearly , it wo n't be the last .
I believe it is easy to find : the European Union embodies the principle of open society , which could serve as a force for a global open society .
There is also trouble brewing in some of the newly admitted member countries , such as Hungary and Poland , where the EU could play a more proactive role in promoting democratic stability .
The super-boom got out of hand when the new products became so complicated that the authorities could no longer calculate the risks and started relying on the risk management methods of the banks themselves .
Everything that could go wrong did .
The asset-backed commercial paper market came to a standstill and the special investment vehicles set up by banks to get mortgages off their balance sheets could no longer get outside financing .
The final blow came when interbank lending , which is at the heart of the financial system , was disrupted because banks had to husband their resources and could not trust their counterparties .
They could be applied more effectively by capitalizing the institutions that are burdened by distressed securities directly rather than by relieving them of the distressed securities .
Managements that are reluctant to accept the consequences of past mistakes could be penalized by depriving them of the Fed 's credit facilities .
Euro-zone bonds could be used to assist the new EU states that have not yet joined the common currency area .
They could also serve to increase the EU 's lending capacity beyond the current mandates of the European Investment Bank and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development .
The EU could then finance investment programs that combine a countercyclical function with important European objectives , such as an electricity grid , a network of gas and oil pipelines , alternative energy investments , and employment-creating public works in Ukraine .
This step was necessary , but it produced unintended adverse consequences : many other countries , from Eastern Europe to Latin America , Africa , and Southeast Asia , could not offer similarly convincing guarantees .
To make the scheme counter-cyclical , the SDR issues could be callable in tranches when the global economy overheats .
But he could have devised more specific measures , such as asking the Securities and Exchange Commission to freeze new share issues , because equity leveraging was fueling the bubble .
And the dollar could still remain the preferred reserve currency , provided it is prudently managed .
The money could be directed to where it is most needed , unlike what is happening currently .
It can no longer impose its will on others , as George W. Bush 's administration sought to do , but it could lead a cooperative effort to involve both the developed and the developing world , thereby reestablishing American leadership in an acceptable form .
This meant that governments had to effectively guarantee that no other institution whose collapse could endanger the system would be allowed to fail .
That is when the crisis spread to the periphery of the world economy , because countries on the periphery could not provide equally credible guarantees .
I believe that this amount could be at least doubled and assured for a longer time span .
The fund would jump-start forestry , land-use , and agricultural projects -- areas that offer the greatest scope for reducing or mitigating carbon emissions , and that could produce substantial returns from carbon markets .
The returns such projects could generate go beyond addressing carbon emissions .
Returns from land-use projects , for example , could also include the potential to create more sustainable rural livelihoods , enable higher and more resilient agricultural yields , and generate rural employment .
The same could be done in this case .
First , the green fund could be self-financing or even profitable ; very little of the IMF 's gold , if any , would actually be used .
Tailor-made products could be put together from exchange-traded instruments .
As a result , they all could borrow at practically the same interest rate as Germany .
Even if the budget targets could be met , it is difficult to see how these countries could regain competitiveness and revive growth .
In a worst case scenario , the EU could be paralyzed or destroyed by the rise of xenophobic and nationalist extremism .
The rest of Europe would become competitive and could grow its way out of its difficulties but Germany would find out how painful it can be to have an overvalued currency .
And there would be other compensations ; German pensioners could retire to Spain and live like kings , helping Spanish real estate to recover .
After the euro came into force , commercial banks could refinance their holdings of government bonds at the discount window of the European Central Bank , and regulators treated government bonds as riskless .
Having been properly recapitalized , banks could absorb this , and two obvious mistakes that condemn the EU to a bleak future would be remedied .
These imbalances could be reduced by the US using fiscal rather than monetary stimulus , and China allowing the renminbi to appreciate in an orderly manner .
The global imbalances could be cured , and conflicts avoided , only by greater international cooperation .
This is reminiscent of the international banking crisis of 1982 , when the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund lent debtor countries enough money to service their debts until banks could build up sufficient reserves to exchange their bad debts for Brady Bonds in 1989 .
Despite this added task , the size of the rescue package could remain the same , because any amount used for recapitalizing or liquidating banks would reduce the amount needed by governments .
This could be accomplished by converting the bulk of their sovereign debt into Eurobonds .
The first step could and should be taken immediately ; the second will have to wait .
Greater accountability and stronger governance for such companies could potentially change lives , economies , and political systems around the world .
A group of farsighted statesmen , inspired by the vision of a United States of Europe , recognized that this ideal could be approached only gradually , by setting limited objectives , mobilizing the political will needed to achieve them , and concluding treaties that required states to surrender only as much sovereignty as they could bear politically .
Germany recognized that it could be reunified only in the context of greater European unification , and it was willing to pay the price .
Its architects were fully aware of this deficiency , but believed that when the need arose , the political will could be summoned to take the next step forward .
As the largest creditor , Germany could dictate the terms of assistance , which were punitive and pushed debtor countries towards insolvency .
And , while some contagion will be unavoidable -- whatever happens to Greece is likely to spread to Portugal , and Ireland 's financial position , too , could become unsustainable -- the rest of the eurozone needs to be ring-fenced .
Chancellor Angela Merkel may not be able to persuade her entire coalition of its merits , but she could rely on the opposition to build a new majority in support of doing what is necessary to preserve the euro .
But , if they are willing to make the necessary sacrifices , they could also remain : the EFSF would protect their domestic bank deposits , and the IMF would help to recapitalize their banking systems , which would help these countries escape from their current trap .
Once the principle is agreed , however , the European Council could authorize the ECB to step into the breach , indemnifying it from solvency risks in advance .
At that point , growth in much of the eurozone could resume .
All agree that Greece needs an orderly restructuring , because a disorderly default could cause a eurozone meltdown .
Acting at the behest of the member states , the ECB has sufficient powers of persuasion : it could close its discount window to the banks , and the governments could seize institutions that refuse to cooperate .
The ECB could deal with the other driving force , the lack of financing for sovereign debt , by lowering its discount rate , encouraging distressed governments to issue treasury bills , and encouraging the banks to subscribe -LRB- an idea I owe to Tommaso Padoa-Schioppa -RRB- .
The T-bills could be sold to the ECB at any time , making them tantamount to cash ; but , as long as they yield more than deposits with the ECB , the banks would find it advantageous to hold them .
Governments could meet their financing needs within agreed limits at very low cost during this emergency period , and the ECB would not violate Article 123 of the Lisbon Treaty .
There is a widely held view that IMF rescue packages have actually contributed to the crisis by creating what economists speak of as `` moral hazard '' -- the expectation by market participants that the IMF could be counted on to rescue countries in trouble , and thus to bail out investors who provided credits to them .
There could be one or more intermediate grades where the IMF may insist on various degrees of burden-sharing ;
? The Basle Accord , which sets internationally agreed capital requirements for commercial banks , could translate the IMF ratings into variations in capital requirements ;
? The Federal Reserve , the European Central Bank , the Bank of England and the Bank of Japan could accept at their discount windows designated treasury bill issues of selected countries .
This privilege could be reserved for specific countries or particularly perilous situations .
We could then demand that the recipients of support eliminate child labor over time .
Everything we do today , we could do tomorrow .
By acknowledging itself as finite and limited , society could think of itself as also sanctioned by God .
Ethnic cleansing and violence in Kosovo , however , soon made it clear to him that there were moments when one had to choose between those two imperatives : a new Auschwitz sometimes could be prevented only by means of war .
As stated in the so-called Giovannini Report to the European Commission , `` The post-trade landscape could be significantly improved by market-led convergence across national systems . ''
There were high expectations , both at home and abroad , that South Africa could and would punch above its weight in international affairs , capitalizing on the extraordinary and unexpected constitutional settlement achieved by Nelson Mandela and F. W. de Klerk in 1994 .
There was also recognition of limits to what the government could achieve on the international stage , despite some important accomplishments such as its helpful role in the renegotiation of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1995 .
It is striking that no senior executive of whom I am aware has laid out in any detail how his or her institution 's expertise could be deployed in pursuit of the collective goal of stability .
The suspicion that underlies much of today 's public anger is that these institutions , having influenced the formulation of the legal and ethical rules , could do more to contribute to stability than just obey them .
Taken seriously , however , it could help provide an ongoing reminder of the importance of the financial sector to the broader well-being of the economy .
In theory , strict in-depth monitoring could distinguish genuinely prudent countercyclical responses from profligacy .
Absent external assistance and a credible plan for restoring fiscal order , Greek sovereign debt could not be rolled over , forcing a default , probably in the form of a restructuring of Greek debt .
One could think of it as a stabilization tax that becomes negative in downturns .
But a step in the right direction could be taken by partial fiscal centralization with a limited countercyclical mandate .
The hiccups in Western banks have served to disrupt the availability of trade credits , and , if amplified , could destabilize local banks .
If repeated , this pattern may erode confidence in financial markets and regulators , which could well lead to heavy-handed regulation , the expansion of the state , and retrenchment from globalization .
The analysis should be made public and could influence perceptions of systemic risk and market behavior , thereby increasing self-regulatory capacity of the system .
The G-20 is now the priority-setting and decision-making body for this kind of challenge , the crisis having made it clear that the G-7 could no longer perform this function .
The timing , from the point of view of crisis management , could not have been worse .
While the precise timing of any crisis is impossible to predict , ample signs of rising risk , distortions , structural problems , and imbalances could be seen by anyone who took the time to interpret a decade 's worth of mounting debt , low savings , surging asset prices , and excess consumption .
But , given the US housing market 's fragility , raising interest rates could cause prices to plummet , sinking the economy again . Despite their complaints , it is not clear that emerging economies would prefer another deep US downturn to the current flood of inbound capital that that they must manage .
Intervention may be needed in fragile sectors of the US economy , like housing , where faltering performance could produce another downturn .
Imports could fall , as they did during the crisis , but that was due to declining demand , not to a shift in demand in favor of domestic producers .
In the United States , the financial sector is undergoing a high-speed but permanent structural transformation , the effects of which could be severe for developing countries ' economic growth .
Indeed , the post-crisis shortfall in domestic demand is causing stubbornly high unemployment , even as the economy recovers some of its growth momentum . In principle , foreign demand , especially in high-growth emerging markets , could make up some of the difference .
Growth in exports could come with further expansion in parts of the value-added chains where the US is already competitive -LRB- finance , insurance , and computer systems design , for example -RRB- .
Properly recycled savings , including corporate profits , could go back mainly into high-return public - or private-sector investments .
How could a tripling of global GDP and a fourfold expansion of the world 's high-income population be good news , given all that goes with it ?
A slowdown in one is bound to produce a slowdown in the other -- and in the major emerging economies , which , until now , could sustain high growth in the face of sluggish performance in the advanced economies .
In addition , reforms and major structural changes are needed to sustain growth , and these could be postponed , or run into delays , in a decelerating global economy .
But uncertainty , lack of confidence , and policy paralysis or gridlock could easily cause value destruction to overshoot , inflicting extensive damage on all parts of the global economy .
This somewhat bleak picture could change , though probably not in the short run .
Asset prices fell , households began a lengthy process of deleveraging , savings rose , and government -- faced with falling revenues and rising expenditures on unemployment insurance -- could not make up the difference .
Still others accept that government could in principal do something useful , but believe that it normally does not , and that the risks outweigh the benefits .
That , combined with slow progress on financial-sector reform , makes it likely that risk-aversion will prevail , which could slow , if not reverse , financial globalization , and probably lead to slower growth in many countries .
Higher foreign demand from today 's trade-surplus countries -LRB- China , Germany , and Japan , among others -RRB- could help restore some of the missing demand .
The Adzhar people consider themselves Georgians , but still have frequent squabbles with the central government , so how could ethnically distinct Abkhazia and South Ossetia feel assured that their relations with Georgia would work out any better ?
Even though voters could choose between electronic and paper ballots , difficulties remained , especially among older voters .
Protests by some parties that could not afford the high cost of TV spots and billboards mirror similar complaints in the US .
For the first time , parties could make their case in seven debates aired on national television . Many voters changed their choices after watching these .
When we estimated how much of the variation among individuals could be attributed to biology , the answer was less than 5 % .
A woman could have genes that would tend to make her taller than average but end up shorter than average if she had been poorly nourished as a child .
If evolution took its steady course and changed the genetic basis of height and age at first birth , we might not see women ten generations later who were shorter and matured earlier , for the effects of nutrition and culture could more than compensate for the genetic change .
As a colleague of mine likes to put it , one good school-lunch program could be enough to obscure the biological effects .
In particular , `` Housing , which is highly sensitive to interest rates , could help lead a recovery . ''
Within five years or so , Asia 's total economy could be as large as that of the United States and the European Union combined .
And , with investors seeking higher returns , more QE -- especially by the US -- will drive `` hot money '' -LRB- short-term portfolio flows -RRB- into high-yield emerging-market economies , which could inflate dangerous asset bubbles in Asia , Latin America , and elsewhere .
But the effect of a new round of QE on interest rates could be small and limited to an announcement effect , as the Fed 's own research indicates .
There is also the risk of a disruptive decline in the dollar , which could prompt investors to flee US debt .
Most importantly , a disruptive decline of the US dollar -LRB- or a disruptive appreciation of the Chinese renminbi -RRB- could hinder not only China 's growth , but also global recovery .
National governments could establish a personal allowance to exempt retail investors .
Based on calculations by the Austrian Institute of Economic Research , which studied the possible effects of general FTTs on behalf of the Austrian government , a global FTT of 0.05 % could yield up to $ 690 billion per year , or about 1.4 % of world GDP .
We have mutually enriching Euro-Asian traditions that could serve as a basis for such a dialogue .
By contrast , the shortage in SSA of scientific , technical , and administrative skills , such as those of engineers , natural scientists , managers , and technicians , is a key reason why the East Asian `` miracle '' could not be reproduced there .
The perception of `` two Ukraines '' emerged in the presidential election of 2004 partly due to the charge that Yushchenko would eliminate the constitutional guarantee that ethnic Russians could use Russian as their primary language of instruction in schools .
This is the model toward which Ukraine could be moving , however unwittingly .
The stakes could be even higher in Mexico .
Since the new government could also fall unless it retains a legislative majority , parliamentary systems have important `` coalition requiring '' and `` coalition sustaining '' incentives .
Unlike a directly elected president in classic presidentialism , such a legislatively produced president could be voted out by a `` constructive vote of no confidence , '' leaving incumbents subject to `` coalition requiring '' and `` coalition sustaining '' incentives .
This could be , and often was , highly counter-productive .
At that point , the constituent assembly and government could decide whether to switch to a presidential form of government or establish a parliamentary system on a permanent basis .
Worse , he supported those groups that sought to increase German military power , including the creation of a high-sea fleet that could challenge the British navy .
In early July 1914 , after the murder of Austrian Archduke Franz Ferdinand , Wilhelm egged on the Austrians , but by the end of the month he could n't restrain his own subordinates from starting a war , following the dictates of military strategy -- the famed Schlieffen Plan .
The army forced Wilhelm into exile in the Netherlands , where , until his death in 1941 , he spread venomous poison where he could : the Jews and socialists were to blame ; he alone was right .
If inflationary expectations were changed , then disinflation could occur without the costly unemployment .
After the burst of growth that arrived with hyperinflation 's end , growth slowed , partly because firms in the country could n't get adequate finance .
Argentina 's government recognized the problem , but was hit by numerous shocks beyond its control before it could act .
Perhaps a military dictator , like Chile 's Pinochet , could suppress the social and political unrest that arises in such conditions .
They were so non-transparent and complex that neither Wall Street nor the ratings agencies could properly assess them .
Given the huge increase in inequality in most countries , higher taxes for those who have done well -- to help those who have lost ground from globalization and technological change -- are in order , and could also ameliorate the strains imposed by soaring food and energy prices .
President Clinton and then-Chairman of the US Federal Reserve Alan Greenspan deserve little credit for this -- though , to be sure , bad policies could have messed things up .
Even in his era , businesses found that they could increase profits more easily by conspiring to raise prices than by producing innovative products more efficiently .
Moreover , most analysts agree that at least part of the rationale behind Russia 's invasion of Georgia , reigniting fears of a new Cold War , was its confidence that , with America 's armed forces pre-occupied with two failing wars -LRB- and badly depleted because of a policy of not replacing military resources as fast as they are used up -RRB- , there was little America could do in response .
We could do more with less money .
Third , government could assume part of a mortgage , taking advantage of its lower borrowing costs .
Investment banks and credit rating agencies believed in financial alchemy -- the notion that significant value could be created by slicing and dicing securities .
America , and the world , is also facing a major structural problem , not unlike that at the beginning of the last century , when productivity increases in agriculture meant that a rapidly declining share of the population could find work there .
But this time , as business leaders shared their experiences , one could almost feel the clouds darkening .
Worse still , much of the money flowing into the banks to recapitalize them so that they could resume lending has been flowing out in the form of bonus payments and dividends .
How could developing countries compete with America 's subsidies and guarantees ?
So how could any developing country defend to its citizens the idea of opening itself even more to America 's highly subsidized banks ?
Arthur Levitt , the former Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission , recognized the conflict : as many within the auditing firms focus on their own short-term interests , the integrity of the audits could be compromised .
Obama , however , inherited an economy in freefall , and could not possibly have turned things around in the short time since his inauguration .
America could have saved its banks , but let the shareholders go , for far less than it has spent .
New lending facilities could be created , with governance structures more consonant with the twenty-first century .
If this could be done quickly -LRB- which I think it could -RRB- , such facilities could be an important channel for disbursing funds .
Of course , anyone who wanted to could have seen American households ' growing indebtedness , which would have gone a long way toward correcting the false impression of success given by the GDP statistic .
It should have been obvious that one could n't reduce everything to a single number , GDP .
If we could have more confidence in our regulators and supervisors , we might be more relaxed about all the other problems .
Instead of holding their reserves in dollars , a new form of global money - `` global greenbacks '' - could be issued which countries could hold in reserve .
There are a variety of institutional arrangements by which these global greenbacks could be issued .
The IMF -LRB- responsible for issuing SDRs -RRB- could issue them , or a new institution could be created to decide on quantity and allocations .
Countries that receive more than they must put into reserves could exchange the new money for conventional currencies .
A country with reserves of the new global money could exchange it for hard currencies to sustain needed food imports or other goods .
But if most advanced countries were to recognize this new form of global money , they could put pressure on holdouts by limiting their holdings of non-participant currencies and treasury bills in their reserves .
Innumerable details must be worked out before a global money scheme could be put into practice , and changes will not occur overnight .
The Harsh Lessons of 2009 NEW YORK -- The best that can be said for 2009 is that it could have been worse , that we pulled back from the precipice on which we seemed to be perched in late 2008 , and that 2010 will almost surely be better for most countries around the world .
Already heavily burdened taxpayers saw their money -- intended to help banks lend so that the economy could be revived -- go to pay outsized bonuses and dividends .
Developed countries could use some of the revenues generated to fulfill their obligations to help the developing countries in terms of adaptation and to compensate them for maintaining forests , which provide a global public good through carbon sequestration .
The Nobel Laureate Robert Mundell laid out the conditions under which a single currency could work .
But it should have been clear all along that the IMF , as a major creditor , could not itself be the bankruptcy judge .
The best that can be said for monetary policy over the last few years is that it prevented the direst outcomes that could have followed Lehman Brothers ' collapse .
When it became clear that people could not pay back what was owed , the rules of the game changed .
Bankruptcy laws were amended to introduce a system of `` partial indentured servitude . '' An individual with , say , debts equal to 100 % of his income could be forced to hand over to the bank 25 % of his gross , pre-tax income for the rest of his life , because , the bank could add on , say , 30 % interest each year to what a person owed .
That knowledge should have given lenders incentives to make loans only to those who could repay .
But lenders perhaps knew that , with the Republicans in control of government , they could make bad loans and then change the law to ensure that they could squeeze the poor .
It could , however , increase anxieties about future inflation , leading to higher long-term interest rates -- precisely the opposite of the Fed 's goal .
The ultimate irony is that there are simultaneously excess capacity and vast unmet needs -- and policies that could restore growth by using the former to address the latter .
What business would n't jump at investment opportunities yielding returns in excess of 10 % if it could borrow capital -- as the US government can -- for less than 3 % interest ?
In 2009 , we were pulled back from the brink of depression , and 2010 was supposed to be the year of transition : as the economy got back on its feet , stimulus spending could smoothly be brought down .
We could then look back at the Great Recession as a bad dream ; the market economy -- supported by prudent government action -- would have shown its resilience .
We could only conjecture what would have happened if it had not postponed the day of reckoning for so long -- or if it had tried to put it off further .
Many countries , not least the US , could learn from its experience .
The timing could not have been worse : the East Asia crisis was just brewing -- a crisis that was largely the result of capital-market liberalization in a region that , given its high savings rate , had no need for it .
Iceland showed that responding to the crisis by imposing capital controls could help small countries manage its impact .
For example , rather than nominations from governments , which often are reluctant to support excellent candidates from opposition parties , an international nominating committee could put forward names .
Similarly , changes in voting procedures -LRB- public voting by countries , rather than through constituencies , or a requirement that candidates win the support of a majority of developing and emerging countries -RRB- could persuade more emerging-market officials to put their names forward .
Aid to old economy firms that spent more on avoiding taxes than in restructuring took the form of a repeal of the alternative minimum tax , a tax provision designed to limit the extent to which firms could make use of loopholes in the tax code .
With so much of US national income going to so few , growth could continue only through consumption financed by a mounting pile of debt .
Growth would restore confidence that Greece could repay its debts , causing interest rates to fall and leaving more fiscal room for further growth-enhancing investments .
Europe 's leaders recognized that distressed countries ' debts would become unmanageable unless their economies could grow , and that growth could not be achieved without assistance .
Even if Bush could be forgiven for taking America , and much of the rest of the world , to war on false pretenses , and for misrepresenting the cost of the venture , there is no excuse for how he chose to finance it .
Then , as now , disruption in the Middle East led to higher oil prices , forcing Americans to spend money on oil imports that they otherwise could have spent buying goods produced in the US .
Ironically , the wars have undermined America 's -LRB- and the world 's -RRB- security , again in ways that Bin Laden could not have imagined .
But the protesters are ingenious : they echoed what I said through the crowd , so that all could hear .
Fear of these costs , combined with IMF bailouts , kept Argentina from abandoning its currency board long after it was clear that the system could not be sustained .
But what primarily kept Argentines wedded to a system that could not work was fear of hyperinflation .
Why were billions of dollars available to bail-out banks , but a few million dollars for food and fuel subsidies for Indonesia 's poor could not be spared ?
How was it that a few oligarchs could bleed Russia of billions of dollars through state-give aways of assets under privatization schemes encouraged by the IMF , but there was not enough money to pay miserly pensions to the aged ?
But IMF policies affect lives and economies in ways no corporation could ever do .
Of course , excuses are at hand : the magnitude of the economic downturn was not anticipated and the increased expenditures to fight terrorism could not be foretold .
President Bush could even stabilize the economy , offering better unemployment benefits to provide needed stimulus if the downturn continues .
With these in hand , company bosses could ensure that they were well paid without doing anything to benefit their company 's bottom line .
A peaceful , democratic Iraqi regime could be established .
Desperate for funds for reconstruction , that new regime could sell large amounts of oil , lowering global oil prices .
Or the turmoil throughout the Muslim world could lead to disruptions of oil supplies , with high prices the result .
American dumping duties on Chilean salmon could devastate that industry ; Chile could take no action against a US industry that would have more than a miniscule impact on American firms . -RRB-
In Russia , an independent central banker , Viktor Gerashencko , could not be removed for years , though he tolerated both inflation and corruption .
Similarly , some argue that the country needs a mild dose of inflation , while Japan 's central bank continues to resist the very idea that inflation could ameliorate any economic problem .
But the Japanese government has shown a remarkable record of fiscal responsibility , and could even calibrate the fraction of the deficit financed by issuing money .
-LRB- If one worried about double taxation , one could allow a credit for corporate taxes on individual tax returns . -RRB-
But that is not the point : the point is that no one could be sure .
Moreover , the federal government could boost California 's economy by re-directing its expenditures to that state .
Unfortunately , it did not recognize that as a major creditor it could never be viewed as an impartial judge , and so could not have a pivotal role .
Under such a regime , glimmerings of which can already be seen , attempts to protect our children from tobacco , even with mild measures such as restricting advertising , could be struck down !
Here is something rich countries could do overnight : open markets completely and immediately to all goods and services -LRB- except guns -RRB- from the world 's poorest countries .
Russia could impose an `` excess capital gains tax , '' analogous in spirit to the tax imposed on US oil companies when their profits soared , through no effort of their own , from high oil prices in the 1970 's .
A tax could be imposed , say , at the rate of 90 % , on the `` excess '' gains from the acquisition of state assets -- e.g. , on gains in excess of 10 % cumulative returns on original equity investments .
Such a tax would leave the oligarchs with plenty , and could even compensate them for their efforts at restructuring enterprises .
To encourage domestic investment , and recognizing that it is difficult to tax assets held abroad , an `` exit '' tax could also be imposed on capital taken out of the country .
The money raised by the new tax could help restore , for instance , Russia 's ailing health and educational systems .
In 2004 the world could well learn again the risks of relying excessively on the ideology or leadership of a single country .
This could have happened sooner if the Bush administration had supported tax cuts for the poor and middle class , rather than for the rich .
The global consensus , reflected in the Commission report , calls for more exceptions , so that , say , drugs can be made available in any case where to do so could save a life .
When Vice President Dick Cheney spoke at the last World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , he was asked how the administration could justify what was taking place in Guatanamo Bay , where prisoners are being kept without being charged and without counsel .
This could only be rational if the seller can hope to establish a monopoly position and extract large profits in the future .
The Netherlands , after its discovery of North Sea gas and oil , found itself plagued with growing unemployment and workforce disability -LRB- many of those who could not get jobs found disability benefits to be more generous than unemployment benefits . -RRB-
Only such a culture - one that undermined the longstanding presumption that an accused person is innocent until proven guilty - could produce the Bush administration 's niggling legal distinctions concerning what is and what is not torture .
But these limited kinds of choices -- for example , a T-bill fund with 90 % in T-bills and 10 % in an indexed stock fund -- could easily be introduced into the public social security system .
Even if there is a problem , it can easily be fixed ; spending a fraction of the money that went into Bush 's two tax cuts would have fixed Social Security for 75 years ; slight benefit cuts , adjusting the age of retirement , or minor adjustments in the level of contributions could fix the system permanently .
For how could they ?
Advocates of privatization claim to believe in markets , but they are proposing budget gimmickry that would move those losses off the books , as if markets could be easily fooled .
But if one really thinks that free lunches exist , there is still no reason to privatize : government could get the additional returns by investing in the stock market itself .
There are some absolutely first-rate individuals who could step into the job , people who have shown their command of economic development , their intellect and personal integrity , and their political and managerial skills .
On the contrary , the system could almost surely be put on a solid footing for the next 75 years with a fraction of what was spent on the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts .
For the first time , developing countries seem willing to undertake the kinds of commitments that Europe , Japan , and the other advanced industrial countries -LRB- except the US -RRB- have made to avoid what could be a global disaster .
Money that could have been used to save thousands of lives was spent to win votes .
Clearly , nothing could have spared New Orleans completely from Katrina 's impact , but the devastation could certainly have been lessened .
Unfortunately , the UN could not prevent the US and other countries from taking actions that almost surely contravene international law .
There is little doubt that Greenspan had great moments , when one could at least imagine a less deft governor doing the `` wrong '' thing with disastrous consequences .
Alternatively , rising interest rates and a downturn in the real estate market could so weaken consumer demand that the economy slips into recession , squeezing exporters in other countries that depend on the US market .
How could America 's government have proceeded with this privatization , which on its face seemed so absurd ?
With elections looming in November , President George W. Bush could not `` sacrifice '' the 25,000 wealthy cotton farmers or the 10,000 prosperous rice farmers and their campaign contributions .
But the focus on agriculture diverted attention from a far broader agenda that could have been pursued in ways that would have benefited both North and the South .
Some 70 years ago , during the Great Depression , John Maynard Keynes formulated his theory of unemployment , which described how government action could help restore full employment .
Making all payments to governments transparent would bring further progress , and Western governments could encourage this simply by tying this requirement to tax deductibility .
The advanced countries might mean Bangladesh and the disappearing island states no harm , but no war could be more devastating .
The good news is that there are many ways by which improved incentives could reduce emissions -- partly by eliminating the myriad of subsidies for inefficient usages .
It could be used to put America 's social security system on a stable footing for the next 75-100 years .
It could even pay for a substantial share of the cost for a war like that in Iraq !
These SDR 's could be used to pursue global interests -- from helping poor countries to improving the global environment .
If he were truly concerned about global warming , how could he have endorsed the construction of coal-fired electricity plants , even if those plants use more efficient technologies than have been employed in the past ?
This `` coalition of the willing '' could agree to certain basic standards : to forego building coal-fired plants , increase automobiles ' fuel efficiency , and provide targeted assistance to developing countries to enhance their energy efficiency and reduce emissions .
Coalition members could also agree to provide stronger incentives to their own producers , through either more stringent caps on emissions or higher taxes on pollution .
They could then agree to impose taxes on products from other countries -- including the US -- that are produced in ways that unnecessarily add substantially to global warming .
There is an alternative way of financing and incentivizing research that , at least in some instances , could do a far better job than patents , both in directing innovation and ensuring that the benefits of that knowledge are enjoyed as widely as possible : a medical prize fund that would reward those who discover cures and vaccines .
Since governments already pay the cost of much drug research directly or indirectly , through prescription benefits , they could finance the prize fund , which would award the biggest prizes for developers of treatments or preventions for costly diseases affecting hundreds of millions of people .
Especially when it comes to diseases in developing countries , it would make sense for some of the prize money to come from foreign assistance budgets , as few contributions could do more to improve the quality of life , and even productivity , than attacking the debilitating diseases that are so prevalent in many developing countries .
A scientific panel could establish a set of priorities by assessing the number of people affected and the impact on mortality , morbidity , and productivity .
With better-directed incentives -LRB- more research dollars spent on more important diseases , less money spent on wasteful and distorted marketing -RRB- , we could have better health at lower cost .
China recognized that it could not simply transfer economic institutions that had worked in other countries ; at the least , what succeeded elsewhere had to be adapted to the unique problems confronting China .
Export-led growth meant that China could produce without worrying about developing the domestic market .
Indeed , aid effectiveness could be undermined just as much by incompetence as by corruption .
What has been a sad and sorry saga could have a happy ending if Wolfowitz 's successor is chosen in an open , transparent process .
Reserves are costly , for the money could have been spent on development projects that would enhance growth .
They did what they could to ensure that no meaningful reforms occurred during the crisis , with the knowledge that after the crisis , momentum for reform would dissipate .
Who , after all , could have anticipated that Bill Clinton would be followed by a US president committed to undermining the multilateral system in all its manifestations ?
With middle-class incomes in the United States stagnating , Americans could not afford ever more expensive homes .
They buried the bad mortgages in complicated instruments , buried them so deep that no one knew exactly how badly they were impaired , and no one could calculate how to re-price them quickly .
Moreover , securitization contributed to bad lending : in the old days , banks that originated bad loans bore the consequences ; in the new world of securitization , the originators could pass the loans onto others . -LRB- As economists would say , problems of asymmetric information have increased . -RRB-
In its rush to have westerners buy the banks , the IMF forgot one detail : to ensure that South Korea could recapture at least a fraction of those gains through taxation .
But lack of transparency played a central role in this past summer 's credit crunch ; toxic mortgages were sliced and diced , spread around the world , packaged with better products , and hidden away as collateral , so no one could be sure who was holding what .
There could be an international agreement that every country would impose a carbon tax at an agreed rate -LRB- reflecting the global social cost -RRB- .
After seven years in which America has seen its national debt rise from $ 5.6 trillion to $ 9 trillion , this should be welcome news -- but the timing could n't be worse .
To put that number in context : for one-sixth of the cost of the war , the US could put its social security system on a sound footing for more than a half-century , without cutting benefits or raising contributions .
Who would have believed that one administration could do so much damage so quickly ?
Over a quarter-century ago , I showed that , under plausible conditions , trade liberalization could make everyone worse off .
Concrete policy decisions could still be made -- possibly more efficiently .
Domestic pressure could , but any such opportunity has perished on the battlefield of a public-relations war .
Some have already been forced to do so , and many could conceivably be targeted in connection with ongoing campaigns to draw international attention to various human-rights issues ahead of the Olympics .
Nonetheless , where firms or industries are particularly vulnerable to reputational issues , image and ethics could be a significant factor in more marginal business decisions -LRB- particularly with rising costs and tougher labor regulations already causing some firms to look elsewhere -RRB- .
But the `` promised land '' was not as promised . It could barely support its own population , let alone the Red Armies .
But Mao kept sending them contradictory orders ; the result was that they could neither fight nor retreat .
Perhaps no one knew or could know how much suffering would lie ahead , how vast the sacrifice would be , and how great the difference would be between the dream and the reality .
Such borrowing was especially attractive as asset -LRB- housing and equity -RRB- prices kept rising , interest rates remained low , and succeeding generations of financial market innovators could convince investors that they had mastered the exigencies of risk .
If protection is sought through tariff and other trade-related measures , then the knock-on effects could have even more devastating consequences for all .
Policy makers in developing countries are concerned that being forced to go down this path could put modern energy services beyond the reach of poor countries , families , and communities .
Already , the controversy over Tunisian migrants in Italy has started to fray the political underpinnings that allow free movement in the Schengen area . The war in Libya , meanwhile , could lead to many more thousands of civilians fleeing the violence and needing international protection .
There could be no greater opportunity for doing so than this strategically crucial window in the history of Europe and the southern Mediterranean .
If we do not seize this moment for action , history could well pass us by .
The EU 's technical capacity , which has been preoccupied by enlargement , could be redirected towards assistance for the non-candidate countries of Euro-Asia .
Current EU members and successful candidate countries could make available large-scale training programs in market-relevant disciplines for the young generation in CIS countries ;
Taking as a model the Stability Pact in the Balkans , the EU could offer concrete incentives , such as economic assistance and the prospect of closer integration , to stimulate parties to end unresolved regional conflicts in the Caucasus , Transdniestria and Central Asia ;
The OSCE , with field offices in all the countries concerned , could play a useful role here .
Voters could choose between a left-wing coalition and a right-wing coalition .
Those disappointed by the incumbent government could vote for the opposition .
The new electoral system changes the politicians ' incentives , and could induce a return to shifting coalitions and unstable governments .
Of course , Prodi could preserve a bipolar political system -- and thus increase the longevity of his government -- by either restoring a majoritarian electoral system or pressing ahead with other constitutional amendments designed to preserve government and coalition stability .
But forcing such changes on his coalition partners could be as difficult for Prodi as tackling Italy 's daunting economic problems .
But in other important policy choices , populist parties could lead Europe astray .
The opposition posed by this newly empowered political constituency could be decisive .
The first alternative would steer the EU toward a parliamentary form of government , with the European Parliament entitled to both appoint and remove the Commission through a confidence vote . The electoral college method , however , could be a first step toward a presidential form of government .
But in the long run it could become very slippery .
The system could evolve toward one of direct election without having to amend the constitution .
The positive correlation between income and democracy that one sees across countries could be due to reverse causation : democracy is more likely to persist as a country grows richer .
It could also be due to special historical or cultural circumstances : some societies are just more successful than others , both in terms of economic development and with regard to their ability to develop and maintain democratic political institutions .
If this effort had been continued for two more years , a primary budget surplus could have been realized .
Indeed , some economists fear that a fiscal crisis could erupt even after a tax hike is passed .
In 1989 , before the Tiananmen Square incident , the renminbi 's exchange rate was 45 % higher than it is now -- a level that could be re-attained relatively soon .
Given rapid economic growth and continuous renminbi appreciation , Chinese GDP could exceed that of the US as soon as 2015 .
Although a tax increase will undoubtedly be needed , it is the wrong priority at the moment -- and could prove counter-productive if it causes the economy to decline dramatically .
Had this effort been continued for two more years , a primary surplus could have been realized .
According to the Japan Center for Economic Research , power-supply disruptions could negatively affect the Japanese economy for the next three years .
And , contrary to the government 's outlook , the start of economic recovery could be delayed until the end of this year , with medium-term annual growth reaching 1.5 - 2 % .
Nokia in Finland , for example , imports 12 % of its cell-phone components from Japan , and thus could be indirectly affected by the disaster .
In terms of international relations , however , the disaster could improve Japan 's bilateral ties with influential countries .
Three years ago , the Commission on Legal Empowerment of the Poor considered ways of empowering the `` bottom billion '' by expanding and deepening the means by which they could pull themselves out of poverty .
The European Parliament has , for now , rejected the idea that Kazakhstan could one day become an ENP member .
A similar commitment to the democratic rights of Taiwanese could have salutary effects in China .
The democratic world has an obligation to support this process -- not only because Taiwan deserves its support , but also because engaging more with Taiwan could potentially be a powerful instrument of leverage for broader change in China .
Moreover , for both Uribe and Calderón , instability in Cuba could pose a domestic security threat .
Yet Ethiopia may hesitate , owing to its fears that formally recognizing Somaliland 's independence could undermine Somalia 's fragile Western-backed Transitional Federal Government .
If so , the richest parts of any country could decide to go it alone , thus impoverishing their fellow citizens .
An independent Somaliland could be a force for stability and good governance in an otherwise hopeless region .
If the non-Muslim South had gained at independence a large degree of religious , cultural , and administrative autonomy within a devolved federal structure , it is conceivable that the country could have remained at peace .
South Sudan 's mineral wealth could also be substantial , though no one knows because exploration has been impossible for so long .
But if the SPLA ends up controlling or shutting down most of Sudan 's oil resources , the North could end up with nothing .
Renewed conflict could also drag in the United States -LRB- supporting the South -RRB- and China -LRB- Bashir 's key international backer -RRB- into a dangerous and potentially escalating proxy conflict of the kind that was common in Africa throughout the Cold War .
But , proxy war or not , this almost unprecedented redrawing of Africa 's colonial borders -LRB- Eritrea two decades ago was the last example -RRB- could have profound consequences for the continent 's future .
For them , and for the cause of lasting peace in the region , that could be an immensely valuable start to the new year .
Nonetheless , Europe , India , and America are all aware that today 's friendship could become tomorrow 's alliance if China turns hostile .
Faced with a country whose leader is bent on acquiring nuclear weapons , the EU 's leaders are simply dithering , fearing that the fire next door in Iraq could somehow spread .
The Chamber of Deputies is poised to enact a law only the White Queen in Alice in Wonderland could love .
It sought this change because it believed firms would not hire people they could never fire .
The schisms within the ruling coalition could be overcome if Berlusconi had the strength to distribute the costs and benefits of reform among its member parties .
Were Berlusconi only a statesman , one could argue that realpolitik is a justifiable prerogative of a sovereign state : strategic considerations often trump the pursuit of more noble goals , such as promotion of human rights .
Italy 's conflict of interest could damage more than the trust of its allies .
It could undermine the credibility of Europe 's stated emphasis on the promotion of the rule of law and strengthen the charge of double standards that is so often leveled against Western policies . As Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin was reported to have quipped when confronted with routine European criticism on corruption and organized crime , `` Mafia is not a Russian word . ''
This could be built up to include other open Southeast Asian economies -- Malaysia and Thailand -- with the eventual aim being an APEC-wide agreement , which would be an impressive achievement if realized by the end of 2011 , when it will be Obama 's turn to play host to all the leaders .
Most economic frameworks are among Asians only , but an American initiative could trump them and ensure that the region remains open and engaged with the US .
It could also help lessen the tendency of some governments to gravitate ever closer towards the booming Chinese economy .
An ASEAN +8 meeting of leaders could then evolve its own modalities to suit the wider geographical group , and would not need to be held each year .
But this required inventing a new kind of collective agency that could decide and act together , to which one could attribute - a la Rousseau -- a `` will . ''
If no adequate provisions are made to sustain global competitiveness , the economic , social , and political consequences could be dire .
This effort stemmed from a conviction that peace could be achieved only by accommodating all parties ' concerns .
Set to become the world 's third or fourth largest economy by 2030 , India could become America 's most important strategic partner .
Otherwise , the Lisbon Strategy could merely empower an inefficient bureaucracy , rather than boosting the EU 's democratic legitimacy .
In short , the Lisbon Strategy could lead Europe to become a real power in the coming decades , or it could fuel further growth of Euroskepticism .
Moreover , fuses lit in the colonial era could re-ignite , as they have done , to everyone 's surprise , between Ethiopia and Eritrea , where war broke out over a colonial border that Italy 's occupiers had failed to define with precision .
The collapse of effective central governments - manifested in recent years in Sierra Leone , Liberia and Somalia - could unleash a torrent of alarming possibilities because `` weak states , '' particularly in Africa , seem vulnerable to collapsing in a welter of conflict .
While many analysts in a wide variety of nations , especially in Europe , have concluded that such an event could not occur there in the foreseeable future , India is an exception .
Indeed , India 's last general election , in 2004 , was won by a woman of Italian heritage and Roman Catholic faith -LRB- Sonia Gandhi -RRB- who made way for a Sikh -LRB- Manmohan Singh -RRB- to be sworn in as Prime Minister by a Muslim -LRB- President Abdul Kalam -RRB- in a country that is 81 % Hindu . Not only could it happen here , Indians say , it already has .
This is a remarkable development : the idea that a Dalit woman could lead India has been inconceivable for 3,000 years .
In a coalition-dependent parliamentary system , that could be all she needs to become prime minister .
Though some hotheads in India now call for military action , including strikes on terrorist facilities in Pakistani territory , this would certainly lead to a war that neither side could win .
For this reason , the US is likely to press India not to contemplate forceful retaliation that could undermine America 's objectives in Afghanistan .
That will have a chilling result : as long as a military-dominated Pakistan continues , willingly or helplessly , to harbor the perpetrators of Islamist terror , what happened in Mumbai could happen again &#45; &#45; anywhere .
Israel can dictate the terms of its military incursion and end it at will , whereas an Indian military action would immediately spark a war with a well-armed neighbor that neither side could win .
And , at the end of the day , one chilling fact would prevent India from thinking that it could use Israel 's playbook : the country that condones , if not foments , the terror attacks on India is a nuclear power .
Yet , when Indians watch Israel take the fight to the enemy , killing those who launched rockets against it and dismantling many of the sites from which the rockets flew , some can not resist wishing that they could do something similar in Pakistan .
So Indians place their trust in international diplomacy and watch , with ill-disguised wistfulness , as Israel does what they could never permit themselves to do .
It is easy to see why this movie would appeal to international filmgoers in a way that a bleaker film like City of Joy , which was set in the slums of Calcutta , could not .
According to the World Bank 's annual assessment of Global Economic Prospects , India 's economy could even triple in size in the next 15 to 20 years .
There was a time when , in certain parts of India , workers could stuff ballot boxes for a candidate and political parties could `` capture '' polling booths .
In that case , a `` hung parliament '' could see a `` third front '' coming to power as a minority government , supported tactically by one of the big parties .
Each alternative could have serious implications for India .
The danger is that such groups could accentuate the divisions of a fractious society , rather than pull everyone together in the collective national interest .
For one thing , there is n't another ocean on the planet that takes in Asia , Africa , and Oceania -LRB- and could embrace Europe , too , since the French department of Reunion , in the Indian Ocean , gives France observer status in IOR-ARC , and the French foreign ministry is considering seeking full membership -RRB- .
What the court has done is to craft a solution that no political process could have arrived at independently , but which takes the dispute off the streets .
Indeed , non-violence could only work against opponents vulnerable to a loss of moral authority -- that is , governments responsive to domestic and international public opinion , and thus capable of being shamed into conceding defeat .
In Gandhi 's own time , non-violence could have done nothing to prevent the slaughter of Jews in Hitler 's path .
Mute suffering is fine as a moral principle , but only Gandhi could use it to bring about meaningful change .
In an historic speech to the General Assembly , he said that we could either continue with business as usual , potentially leading to disaster , or we could review the entire post-1945 architecture of the international system and construct a more effective structure of global governance .
A less propitious start for a fledgling nation could scarcely be imagined .
Given this , and the challenges of administering a new country , integrating the `` princely states '' into the Indian Union , and reorganizing the divided armed forces , they could have been forgiven for demanding dictatorial powers .
To the American motto , `` E Pluribus Unum , '' India could only counter , `` E Pluribus Pluribum . '' Instead of suppressing its diversity in the name of national unity , India acknowledged its pluralism in its institutional arrangements : all groups , faiths , tastes , and ideologies survive and contend for their place in the sun .
No strutting nationalist chauvinism could ever have accomplished for India 's standing in the world what that one moment did -- all the more so since it was not directed at the world .
Indian Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee -- who was noticeably less forthcoming on Tibet than his American counterpart during a press conference with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice -- has publicly warned the Dalai Lama against doing anything that could have a `` negative impact on Indo-Sino relations . ''
If China wants to build a new six-lane expressway , it can bulldoze its way through any village in its path . In India , if you want to widen a two-lane road , you could be tied up in court for a dozen years over compensation entitlements .
The only question is whether political tensions could bring the music screeching to a halt .
Even the possibility that five tense , exciting , hotly-contested , and occasionally meandering days of cricketing could still end in a draw seems derived from ancient Indian philosophy , which accepts that in life the journey is as important as the destination .
New cricketing heroes have emerged from small towns , none more popular than India 's swashbuckling captain , M.S. Dhoni , the son of a peon in the dusty town of Ranchi , who now commands millions in endorsement fees to tout products that his family could never have aspired to own .
With their rehabilitation , Brazil could expand agricultural production without further harm to the rainforest .
In this and other ways , the rainforest could be harnessed to finance development and generate growth in a socially inclusive and sustainable way .
This mechanism could help establish a system to pay for the maintenance of standing forests and support policies that comprehend the Amazon 's global value .
To provide additional incentives to abide by the rules , the ECB could refuse to accept debt issued under national ratings as collateral .
Alternatively , a new EU financial regulator could handicap own-country bonds by requiring banks holding them to set aside more capital .
The risk is that , by then , it could be too late to save the euro from a partial break-up : what might work if adopted promptly could be ineffective if adopted in six months .
A decision to refer Iran to the Security Council could come as early as November 24 , when the IAEA 's board meets to discuss `` new information '' discovered by inspectors on the ground .
When the IAEA announced it wanted to inspect a suspected enrichment cascade within the Revolutionary Guards complex at Lavizan-Shian , Iran 's government stalled for months until it could raze the site .
If it used the centrifuges that it purchased from Pakistan 's nuclear impresario A.Q. Khan , it could have enough fissile material to produce 20 bombs .
Europe 's Stifled Celebration LONDON -- This could have been a year of joy for Europe .
But the tough question that has to be asked is whether the crisis could lead to the unraveling of European integration .
This would mean that the EBRD could invest up to ¤ 10 billion annually over the next five years , enabling us to continue to fulfill our role , providing vital backing and financial support to Eastern Europe and the private sector .
In addition , some governments in the region are under the double pressure of having to reduce their budget deficits and pay back debt ; precious little will be left for expenditure that could stimulate economic activity , such as investments in infrastructure or energy efficiency .
These could include higher capital or provisioning requirements as buffers for more difficult times , or the stipulation of liquidity standards and special requirements for systemically important banks in order to avoid a recurrence of the `` too big to fail '' dilemma that many countries -- not only in the EBRD region -- have been facing .
The number could be 370 million today .
Both the patient-support function and the surveillance function required use of a unique patient identifier , so that letters could be mailed to patients and tests from the same patient could be linked over time .
Given appropriate statistical analysis and careful interpretation , useful reports could be generated for surveillance purposes and , if desired , for patient-care support as well -LRB- using encrypted unique patient identifiers to preserve confidentiality of personal information -RRB- .
By failing to depict the Americans in the role of heroic benefactors , it suggested that they were responsible for a massacre that could not be totally justified .
He could identify with both groups : he belongs to one and his work has made him intimately familiar with the other .
With a reformist regime in La Paz , it is difficult not to expect tensions with the Bush administration . But , crucially , the US has refrained from intervention in Bolivian politics , because it understands that undermining the current government could lead to chaos .
Its repercussions could be enormous , because the contradictory and erratic response of the United States to the coup could be interpreted as tacit encouragement for other would-be coup leaders elsewhere in the region , at least in Central America .
This could rekindle security dilemmas and degenerate into uncontrolled conflicts .
The region 's performance during the global financial crisis has not hidden fundamental problems : the heavy burden of an unrealized agenda of social inclusion and a combination of inequality and injustice that could turn lethal in the near future .
Ending that war wo n't eradicate femicides in Central America and Mexico , but it could at least reduce the murder rate of women to the more `` salutary '' numbers of other countries that are lucky to be farther away from the main trafficking routes .
President Johnson-Sirleaf , recognizing that educated people could contribute much to an agriculture revival , launched her `` Back to the Soil '' campaign in June 2008 in large part to encourage urban dwellers to farm .
At the tournament 's start , my girlfriends and I could not seem to agree on which team to support .
Initially , I supported France , because I like Chelsea 's Nicolas Anelka , though as an African woman I also could not resist the dream of chanting with joy those times when an African team won .
The implication is that potential borrowers are not absorbing as many imports as they could and not relying , as they should , on the multilateral pooling of reserves that the Fund is meant to use to `` give confidence '' to its members .
Why could n't the Fund do the same thing for central banks from developing countries and emerging economies ?
The Fund could solve this dilemma by applying an insurance-like approach .
Some argue that furnishing members with rapid and front-loaded liquidity insurance would encourage irresponsible policies or reckless borrowing . Admittedly , it could help members cope better with volatility and , therefore , be more open to inflows of short-tern capital , but this need not result in bad policies .
The iron laws of evolution governed their survival , and those who could n't compete died early and were soon forgotten .
No longer would our ancestors have to content themselves with the food that nature offered - they could start to grow their own , far surpassing nature 's meager supply .
Instead of generating power using human and animal muscles , we developed machines that could liberate sunlight stored in coal and oil .
The very people who in 2000 called Putin a man they could do business with are having second thoughts .
It is not like Central Europe , which could leapfrog over some of them by jumping on the NATO\/EU springboard .
The Georgia war demonstrated how quickly relations with the US could deteriorate , almost to the point of reviving the Cold War , leaving Russia isolated and in a generally weak position .
Like today , consumers discovered that markets could leave them helpless , leading to calls for regulation .
Meanwhile , the Communists took whatever food they could find , as one peasant remembered , `` down to the last little grain , '' and in early 1933 the borders of Soviet Ukraine were sealed so that the starving could not seek help .
This intimidation and violence meant that my party , the Movement for Democratic Change -LRB- MDC -RRB- could not reach the electorate in large parts of the countryside .
This effectively meant that Mugabe 's supporters could have their way at these stations .
Who could have thought that , given the chaotic Russia of the 1990 's , only ten years later it would be in the position to bail out a developed country ?
MOSCOW -- Russia 's economy is collapsing , but the situation could be even worse .
While one can argue that one-off devaluation was risky -- as it could have triggered a panic -- gradual depreciation should have started earlier than it did .
The government could have used the crisis to nationalize all banks and companies in financial distress .
If the board chairman is not a government official and can commit to an annual schedule , highly skilled independent directors from around the world could be attracted .
But some areas in which Europe could gain a competitive advantage have been neglected . One such area is creativity .
Mass media could report few big stories in which a few big actors took center stage .
For example , regulation to protect retail customers could , sometimes , be appropriate : requirements for information disclosure could help overcome asymmetries of information between businesses and consumers .
But the belief system of regulators and policymakers in the most financially advanced centers tended to exclude the possibility that rational profit-seeking by professional market participants might generate rent-seeking behavior and financial instability rather than social benefit -- even though several economists had clearly shown why that could happen .
Understanding these social and cultural processes could itself be an important focus of new research .
But we must not confuse `` necessary '' with `` sufficient '' ; there is a danger that an exclusive focus on institutions that are too big to fail could divert us from more fundamental issues .
There is therefore a danger that excessive focus on `` too big to fail '' could become a new form of the belief that if only we could identify and correct some crucial market failure , we would , at last , achieve a stable and self-equilibrating system .
Many of the problems that led to the crisis -- and that could give rise to future crises if left unaddressed -- originated elsewhere .
Other countries have abandoned nuclear-weapons programs , recognizing that nothing good could possibly come from them .
Unarmed observers could also help to ensure that emergency international food assistance , on which much of Zimbabwe 's population now depends for survival , is distributed equitably , without regard to the political leanings of those requiring it .
In so far as formal legal rights existed , no court could be relied upon to enforce those rights when our rulers saw their interests as challenged .
Some who a year ago displayed great public spirit came to feel , when in government , that they could not vindicate the supremacy of law without curtailing economic growth .
By doing so , and then auctioning that property in a transparent manner , Ukrainians saw that arbitrary action could be redressed , that the rule of law applied to the powerful as well as the weak .
European competition policy , which successfully brought giant companies like Microsoft into line to promote competition , could help to turn Gazprom into a normal competitor , too .
It could serve as a powerful force for good in the region , if it stops seeking short term advantage and begins to act in its own long term interests , which will best be served by a prosperous , non-nuclear armed Iran , and a far more open Turkmenistan .
Although communism could , every now and then , coexist with private property , and sometimes with private enterprise , it could never coexist with civil society .
But any attempt to prolong Kuchma 's rule will create such a political mess that it is not absurd to fear that Ukraine could follow Belarus and the Balkans of the early 1990 's into outright dictatorship and chaos .
Indeed , this scenario could worsen , because Russia is unlikely to sit around idly and watch Ukraine unravel .
But anti-immigration parties are gaining ground across western Europe ; they could make huge political capital out of potential Ukrainian membership .
More and more members of a governmental machine that thought it could impose a fraudulent election on Ukraine 's people are shying away from imposing that choice by force .
The Kuchma regime 's vast wealth , stolen from ordinary Ukrainians , suggested that the reign of thuggery and deceit could go on forever .
In fact , to the extent that developing countries permit higher prices to go to their farmers , the result could be a significant stimulus to economic growth in rural regions of developing countries -- where most of the world 's poor live .
In the long run , the higher prices that result could become an engine of economic development in the world 's poor rural regions .
That distinction could make a huge difference to millions of people .
Three-quarters of them could have survived diarrhea or malaria if they had been properly nourished .
In fact , we could avoid the death of at least one million children every year by improving their intake of it .
Yet it is a grave challenge to international peace and could spread instability throughout the region .
Negotiating a ceasefire between Israel and Hamas could be the first step toward a permanent end to hostilities and to the blockade of Gaza .
It could , in effect , pave the way for the new Obama administration to convene an international conference to implement the two-state solution for Palestine , which should follow the ceasefire .
Nor could you infer it from the behavior of voters , who seem poised to re-elect President Cristina Kirchner in October .
In Argentina , economists sold politicians on two dreams that could not be fulfilled .
If unions bid up wages too high , a devaluation could fix the problem ; if provincial governments spent a little too much , a quick round of peso printing would save the day .
Without an inflationary cushion labor markets would have to be modernized , and peso wages would fall to the point were the country could compete internationally .
Even politicians liked this theory , since they could blame the monetary straightjacket for some of their unfulfilled promises .
In short , it did as much as the once-golden child in the class could have been expected to .
The lesson would have been obvious to Keynes : with monetary policy immobilized by the currency board , and with fiscal policy immobilized by lack of financing , the economy could only go down .
Global imbalances and currency misalignments could well wreck the global recovery and push the world into the protectionist mire .
Today , the emerging economies of Latin America could become some of the first casualties in the economic crossfire between the United States and China .
But when the time comes to pay for the ride , you may feel like you are in Boston , Luxemburg , or Zurich : the value of the Brazilian real , like the currencies of many emerging-market countries , is high -- and could go higher .
Today , some policymakers in Latin America , worried that the same thing could happen to their countries , are casting about for policy tools to prevent it .
As a result , the debt ratios commonly applied to Greece could be overstated .
This approach has several advantages : by leaving the face value of the debt unaltered , EU officials could argue that restructuring Greece 's debt did not amount to a default , thereby limiting contagion .
European banks holding Greek government debt could keep pretending that it is worth its full value .
There may be disputes in some cases , but the system has brought a degree of legal certainty across the single market that the EU 's member states could not have achieved on their own .
As with the single-market program of the 1980 's , the Commission could be in charge of overseeing a convergence of national economic policies , within certain parameters , throughout the EU .
A cluster of EU commissioners holding economic-related portfolios could even be made responsible for guiding the process forward , providing it with direction and momentum .
For a broadly representative sub-sample of 55 companies that could be tracked since 1997 , the proportion of revenue generated in the home region has fallen sharply on average , from 50.2 % to 36.9 % .
Roughly $ 54 million in IDB loans for water infrastructure in Haiti , home to literally the world 's worst water , offered a proven path to preventing deadly water-borne diseases . Designed to assist in fulfilling the right to water in the most impoverished nation in the Western Hemisphere , these loans and the lives they could have saved instead have become pawns in a deliberate political power play .
Internal emails reveal that a US legal counselor inside the IDB proposed to the US Treasury Department that , though the loans faced no legitimate technical obstacles , the US could effectively block them by `` slowing '' the process .
The IDB and the US government must take responsibility for their actions and implement the necessary transparency mechanisms to ensure that such abuses do not recur . Congressional inquiries and annual reviews of the Treasury Department by the Government Accountability Office could provide the oversight necessary to prevent future political misuse of the IDB and its funds .
Whatever role India ultimately plays in Africa , perhaps its most important contribution could be to introduce competition .
If we believe that economic actors are irrational , then we will enact paternalistic policies aimed at controlling behavior or bailing out failed agents and institutions , which could be self-defeating and even dangerous .
In an ideal world , the competition-stability trade-off could be regulated away with sophisticated risk-based insurance mechanisms , credible liquidation and resolution procedures , contingent convertibles , and capital requirements with charges for systemic institutions .
The Dissenters Marches , which take place on the 31st of every month -LRB- article 31 of the Russian constitution guarantees freedom of assembly -RRB- , could be -LRB- and are -RRB- easily dismissed as a marginal protest of a few hundred people with no common goals or ideas .
If restrictions on involuntary commitment to prevent crime are eased , zealous prosecutors could circumvent civil liberties .
A stronger community response , supported by limited exceptions to legal restrictions on information-sharing , could have allowed involuntary evaluation of the suspect .
Placing him immediately on a `` watch list '' for weapons -- frequently updated under strengthened laws -- could have prevented him from purchasing the gun and ammunition he subsequently used .
Migrants from struggling countries in Latin America , Southeast Asia , and other regions are increasingly securing jobs at wages that , while low by rich country standards , are far higher than they could dream of back home .
In case after case , billions of dollars in remittances from migrants have given families in poor countries what their governments -LRB- and foreign donors -RRB- could not always provide : food , safety , the resources to recover , and hope .
Although China is not the only country to enjoy such long-term growth -LRB- post-WWII Japan and South Korea are other cases -RRB- , it is something of a miracle that a once-poor country with one-fifth of the world 's population could achieve such sustained development .
If the economy can not maintain high growth rates , mounting unemployment could combine with an accumulation of unresolved political and social issues to create a risk of major social unrest .
This should help to solve the problem of insufficient demand for real estate , which could have led to the collapse of China 's economy .
Over the past decade , Asia moved from division between two superpowers to something that could be described as dominance by one super-economy .
But Sri Lanka 's war , with its ethnic origins , is closer to the Malayan experience and so this strategy could , perhaps , have been tested .
The same could be said of China today , where the gaps between rich and poor , urban and rural populations , and coastal and inland culture are so great that it is much harder than before for people from varied walks of life to feel that they share common plights and goals .
Chinese spokesmen denounced this as a throwback to the days when America thought it could , and should , try to `` contain '' the People 's Republic .
Successful businessmen could in fact build up extensive holdings by owning or sharing several businesses .
Since China never established male primogeniture , this meant that when he died , each son could have his own business to start with .
Here , the European System of Central Banks could serve as a model .
No one could credibly argue that , say , Denmark is less committed to liberal democracy or is less tolerant than , say , France or Italy , despite the fact that Denmark recognizes an official state church and France and Italy are avowedly secular .
Juan Perón proclaimed that he chose to serve as Argentina 's military attaché in Rome in 1937 so that he could study fascism up close .
Another explosion in the Ferghana valley could be hard to contain if the pieces of declared and actual policy are not brought together , and if the most important regional leaders are n't brought on board .
It is no coincidence that during the Reagan\/Bush years -- the last time so assertive a foreign policy coincided with such large deficits -- a book like Joseph Nye 's Bound to Lead -LRB- 1990 -RRB- could follow in the footsteps of Paul Kennedy 's The Rise and Fall of Great Powers -LRB- 1988 -RRB- .
The figure for 2009 could exceed $ 50 billion .
For example , northern Afghanistan has unexplored reserves of oil and natural gas that could help meet China 's energy needs .
China and Russia could provide economic assistance and investment to Afghanistan , creating more projects that provide Afghanistan with badly needed jobs and revenue .
In turn , NATO and Afghan forces could assign troops to protect these projects from further attacks , ideally with some kind of Chinese and Russian financial assistance to blunt objections that Western soldiers are dying to enrich foreign companies .
China 's close ties to Pakistan could also prove useful in assisting European and American efforts to keep the Pakistani military and intelligence services allied against the Taliban .
Meanwhile , all these international actors could help fund and train the Afghan army and national police .
According to NASA , if Apophis hit the Earth , it could release more than 100,000 times the energy of the Tunguska event .
Thousands of square kilometers could vaporize in the blast , but the whole Earth would suffer from the loss of sunlight and other effects of the dust released into the atmosphere .
Some unknown comet or other space object could fly near enough to the asteroid in the next few decades to change its predicted path , perhaps in a way that redirected it toward Earth .
Another method is to use mirrors , light , or painted colors to change the way the asteroid absorbs heat , which could also shift its direction .
Attaching `` solar sails '' to the asteroid could cause the Sun 's particles to steer it along a different course .
It also could be amended , or the states `` attacking '' the asteroid could withdraw from the agreement by giving one year 's notice .
Even if the nuclear warhead broke the asteroid into many small pieces , they could have time to re-combine into another large object .
In addition , the space vehicle carrying the weapon might malfunction , and the nuclear warhead could land -LRB- and perhaps detonate -RRB- somewhere on Earth .
Unfortunately , it is estimated that `` attacking '' an asteroid would cost billions of dollars , especially since multiple space launches would likely be needed to ensure that the required number of probes could complete the mission .
Perminov similarly seemed to suggest that only countries with large existing space programs could participate in the Apophis decision .
Since an asteroid collision could , like global climate change , affect all of humanity , should not everyone have some say in the decision ?
American liberals and conservatives , as well as US friends and allies , all favor the principle of enhancing the security of dangerous nuclear materials and reducing the risk of nuclear terrorism , which could plausibly threaten anyone .
The key uncertainty is whether an Afghan government that includes the Taliban would and could prevent al-Qaeda from reestablishing bases in regions under Taliban control .
They could easily imitate the North Vietnamese strategy of professing to accept a compromise peace settlement in order to secure a foreign military withdrawal . They then could resume offensive operations against the still weak Afghan Security Forces , which have yet to demonstrate much military effectiveness .
Unlike in Pakistan , moreover , the Afghan insurgents could resume fighting with the expectation that their main adversary , the international forces , would be considerably hobbled in their response , because Western publics would prevent their governments from sending their troops back to battle .
If NATO 's forces work sufficiently well , they might weaken the insurgency enough that the Afghan military could prove adequate to overcoming the remaining hard-liners , even after foreign troops reverse their current surge and scale down their presence during the next few years .
Besides missile defense , topics could include non-strategic -LRB- tactical -RRB- nuclear weapons ; reserve nuclear warheads that have been removed from operational arsenals , but have yet to be destroyed ; and the placement of conventional munitions on strategic delivery vehicles , such as long-range ballistic missiles , that are normally used to carry nuclear warheads .
Although constraining future US BMD programs with legally binding agreements is politically untenable , US officials could inform their Russian counterparts of their long-range BMD plans without much difficulty .
NATO officials persuasively argued that their collective-defense commitment could not be delegated to a non-NATO member .
Of course , when a cherished belief is challenged , various counter claims arise - the evidence is for the wrong type of debriefing , the trials were not well done , elements of debriefing could still `` work , '' the testimonies of those who are certain it helped them can not be discounted , and so on .
In the near term , the most likely counterweight could be a liberal coalition with a heavy component of former members of deposed President Hosni Mubarak 's National Democratic Party -LRB- NDP -RRB- -- that is , those who have not been discredited by their association with Mubarak .
Post-election shifts in the composition of coalitions could complicate the situation , making governance even more difficult .
The need for economic growth could intrinsically push policymakers toward market-oriented economic policies -LRB- sensitive to considerations of `` social justice '' -RRB- and an open investment environment .
The Cannes Summit should articulate a renewed commitment to consistent implementation of agreed regulatory reforms , and to minimizing divergence in national regulation that could create systemic risks or significant competitive advantage .
A single reservoir located in Ethiopia 's scarcely inhabited Blue Nile gorge , for example , could produce large amounts of sorely-needed power for Ethiopia , Sudan , and Egypt , mitigate droughts , and lead to improved irrigation .
Two recent studies concluded that buckyballs could impair brain functions in fish and were highly toxic to human-tissue cultures .
The plan fell apart when some major IMF shareholders could not accept the burden-sharing arrangements that would be necessary in case of losses due to exchange-rate movements .
But the changed international climate , and the possibility of a bout of severe dollar weakness , could convince the US to go along with a conversion scheme that would alleviate excessive pressure on the dollar .
For millennia , their ancestors took their watery environment for granted ; to them , it was `` emptiness '' as empty as they could conceive .
But , after studying some mechanics and using their imaginations , the physicist-fish realize that they could deduce much simpler laws of motion by supposing that they are surrounded by a medium -LRB- water ! -RRB- that complicates the appearance of things .
The EU could even play a part in keeping the 2012 European Championship football finals on track .
In the absence of a generalized appreciation of all Asian currencies and unchanged American policies , possibly only a deep recession could reduce the overall US current-account deficit .
The possibility that non-state actors could acquire nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction poses an especially grave new threat .
But if Obama seizes what we believe is a rare historic opportunity this could change decisively -- for the long-term benefit of America , India , and the world .
But then came the Balkans crises of the 1990s , culminating in the realization that only American military power could put a stop to Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic 's ethnic cleansing of Kosovo . And then came the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , making the `` out of area or out of business '' choice seem a no-brainer .
Winston Churchill once remarked that you could always count on the Americans to do the right thing , after having tried all the alternatives .
Day after day , the talented Palestinian team of animators , puppeteers , designers , cameramen , and producers could not get to work -- even as the Israeli team was churning out their own material in a brightly lit , well-funded studio in Tel Aviv .
A vibrant Palestinian civil society could become more flexible and open toward possible partnerships -- including more natural , holistic Israeli-Palestinian joint ventures -- thus benefiting the region as a whole .
Virginia Woolf called the ideal of womanhood in this period `` The Angel in the House '' : a retiring , fragile creature who could not withstand the rigors of the public arena .
For example , women could not fully participate under their own names in legal proceedings .
That has not changed since the 9\/11 terrorist attacks , despite rising hostility toward US Muslims among native-born Americans , based the assumption that they could not assimilate -LRB- a charge often directed in the past at Jews in various countries -RRB- .
They could not guarantee our souls .
Moreover , in the past , someone who left school without the `` right '' qualifications could still succeed , through an apprenticeship or by working his way up from the shop floor .
Lack of jobs can lead to increased frustration and hopelessness on such a scale that ensuing social and political ferment could make tomorrow 's world far less stable and secure than that of today .
But , compared to the aftermath of the catastrophic Kobe earthquake of 1995 , when the authorities appeared to wash their hands of the victims ' miseries , the difference could hardly be greater .
Other countries could learn much from the DPJ 's attempt to alter a status quo of political arrangements that has had half a century to form and consolidate .
The first DPJ prime minister , Yukio Hatoyama , miscalculated in believing that a face-to-face meeting with the new American president to discuss long-term matters affecting East Asia could settle the issue .
As Hatoyama could not keep his promise to safeguard the interests of the Okinawan people , he followed up with a customary resignation .
Relative price changes could have occurred in two ways : either the dollar price of gold could have increased or the dollar prices of all other goods and services could decrease .
Again , relative prices could change either through an increase in the HK dollar price of internationally traded goods or through decreases in the HK dollar prices of local goods .
Yet even in Japan , monetary policy could stimulate spending .
So `` signaling '' effects , such as shifts in the central bank 's portfolio towards long_term securities , could help make the bank 's price-level target credible .
Various estimates by private-sector economists and World Bank officials suggest that the government 's accumulated `` net implicit pension debt '' could balloon to 75-110 % of GDP .
Aside from abandoning the `` one-child '' policy , China could avoid this outcome by climbing the value chain in manufacturing and services , as Hong Kong , Singapore , South Korea , and Taiwan have done .
The point of this deception was that when Horowitz asked each owner whether his dog looked guilty , she could consider whether the owner 's report of `` guilty looks '' actually had to do with the facts of the matter -- whether the dog had taken the forbidden treat -- or whether it reflected nothing more than whether the owner had chastised his hound .
Mindful that normal slowdowns could lead to a breach of the ceiling , they decreed that a normal deficit is a zero deficit .
They could well squander the significant transfers that they receive through the agricultural and structural funds , as many previous EU recipients did .
Growth has been strong ; while it could have been stronger under more favorable policies , only huge mistakes could break the rise in living standards , given the region 's productivity gains .
One reason why Sarkozy could succeed where previous governments have never dreamt to venture , aside from his popular mandate for reform , is a `` win-win '' strategy , whereby victory for reform implies substantial compensation .
The risk is that those countries that suffer from the switch retaliate and depreciate their own currencies . That could easily trigger a return to the much-feared competitive depreciations that contributed to the Great Depression .
The move came one week after the IMF concluded its annual Article IV visit to Switzerland , and the report has yet to be released ; it could make for unusually interesting reading .
In that case , the generalized silence could indicate that all other central banks entertain the possibility of using that option , which would be most worrisome .
But the old rule of force and intrigue by which other Gulf rulers have been deposed has been replaced by a modern principle -- the Al Sabah have surrendered their exclusive control over the succession to the will of Parliament , which alone could provide the legitimacy that the new Emir needs .
The Kuwaiti model may be risky , but the alternative -- simply ignoring the need for change -- could prove fatal .
As people at last began to hope for more liberal and decent societies , the US continued to endorse the regimes that were repressing them . America simply could not adhere to its own democracy-promotion script .
Of course , should the US see failure ahead , it could seek to broaden the war beyond Iraq 's borders by attacking Iran , a policy reminiscent of `` Operation Sideshow , '' when US failure in Vietnam in the late 1960 's enticed President Nixon into attacking Cambodia and Laos .
But Iran has resources that Cambodia and Laos could never muster ; indeed , its ability to retaliate could set the entire region ablaze .
But the Union could see its reputation worsen if it allows its commitment to Lebanon to become part of the emerging US strategy of isolating Iran by hardening today 's regional Sunni-Shia divisions .
The Wahhabi religious establishment , the Saudi state 's hidden co-rulers , could very well obstruct Abdullah 's attempts at regional religious reconciliation .
While the Wahhabis could yet be bribed again with oil money , the sect 's power-hungry judges eagerly await the next beheading , stoning , or lashing in Riyadh 's public square .
In light of widened regional and political cleavages , confrontations such as occurred in the holy mosque of the Prophet could increase in frequency , size , and violence .
If given the financial support that the Wahhabis received , these forces could reverse the current drift to fanaticism .
When considering Yemen 's future , therefore , the stakes could hardly be higher .
As we saw in Lebanon and Iraq in 2009 , others probably could not .
So , instead of exporting religious radicalism to Yemen , importing its manpower could neutralize Yemen 's problems .
The forthcoming London conference could prove to be either a trap for the West or the beginning of a true effort at the kind of domestic reform that can prevent Yemen from becoming another Afghanistan .
The Taliban could not spurn an invitation to negotiate in Mecca .
This could help the Taliban accept negotiations -- and perhaps even renounce violence -- if Saudi money is deployed to assist Taliban fighters create new lives for themselves .
Its concern for Saleh 's political survival is closely linked to its guardianship of the Saudi regime , which fears that ferment in Yemen could give Saudi Arabia 's own Shia , Zaidi , and Ismaili populations dangerous ideas about democratic reform , if not threaten the very existence of the Saudi state .
The contrast between this dynamic space for open protest and Saudi Arabia could hardly be starker .
The Saudis could well be right : the departure of US troops would represent a sweeping victory for Iran , which has no military presence in Iraq , but is the strongest player there .
No other country allied to the US , not even Turkey , could equal Iranian influence in the country .
Perhaps if the Saudi royal family could grasp that simple fact , it would no longer need to deny the true sources of the Kingdom 's insecurity .
To be sure , if this new truce is merely technical , if efforts are not made to stabilize and consolidate it , it could become just one another in a long string of bitter episodes .
But all who had feared a `` great Israeli offensive '' in Gaza should make every effort to strengthen the truce and create a climate for relaxing tensions that could , with time , lead to a peace agreement with the Palestinian Authority .
The boundaries between the two types of legalities could not remain impenetrable forever .
Ariel Sharon and Menachem Begin went all the way to Beirut in the early 1980 's , paying a terrible and bloody price , to try to eliminate the PLO -- a result that could never be obtained .
But there are 250,000 Israeli settlers in the West Bank . Any attempt to evacuate them could escalate into a civil war .
These refugees could much more properly establish themselves in the new state of Palestine , their mother country , among their compatriots , under a Palestinian flag and Palestinian authority , merely 30 kilometers from the homes and farms that they abandoned , or from which they were expelled , more than 60 years ago .
And any attempt to destroy militarily Iran 's nuclear potential could entangle Israel in a prolonged and exhausting struggle that might unite all the enemies of the Jewish state .
A united front of Israelis and Palestinians could push the Iranian people , who until recently maintained good relations with the Jewish state , to rebel against the folly that seems to have taken hold of their leaders .
There are also those who vigorously oppose the prisoner exchange with Hamas because some of the released prisoners will return to terrorism against Israel , as has happened after past exchanges . The release of one Israeli soldier in exchange for such men could therefore endanger many lives in the future .
The 70 or so prisoners who will return to the West Bank could also be influenced by the positive atmosphere created by the Palestinian Authority as it awaits the resumption of negotiations to achieve a two-state -LRB- and two-population -RRB- solution .
Judging from the recent evolution of Ecuadorian bond yields , it appears that markets have not punished Ecuador 's behavior : Ecuador , an oil exporter blessed by the 2009 recovery in oil prices , could have returned to the capital markets shortly after the exchange .
And the opaque Ecuadorian methods are not possible in Europe , both for legal reasons and because a transaction of this size could hardly be disguised or outsourced .
In some areas , modestly warmer temperatures could produce higher crop yields if associated changes in precipitation patterns are not adverse and\/or irrigation remains viable .
We allocated $ 50 billion to research into greener technology , so that only $ 750 billion could be absorbed by the economic cost of adaptation and mitigation .
One cause for the delay could be a schism within the ruling elite , a group that `` Dear Leader '' Kim Jong-il himself can not control as effectively as before .
If , say , North Korea is willing to respect international standards of economic behavior , it could be invited to join the International Monetary Fund .
Western governments also could permit charitable foundations to provide North Korean officials or students with scholarships to study abroad and learn how to run a market economy .
The nuclear disaster in Fukushima , Japan , could give rise to another issue-specific regional institution , this one focused on nuclear safety .
Yet in a speech soon thereafter , Assad warned that nothing could sever the Syrian-Lebanese relationship .
The party 's leaders know that any crisis in Lebanon could provoke a Sunni-Shiite conflict .
Iran would find itself the bogeyman of the Arab world 's Sunnis , while Hezbollah could be swallowed up by another debilitating Lebanese civil war .
With an investment rate of 50 % and a GDP growth rate of 8 % , the incremental capital-output ratio could be higher than six , compared to 4.1 in 1991-2003 , implying not only low efficiency , but also the possibility of a significant increase in nonperforming loans .
A strengthening dollar would worsen the US trade balance , but a weakening dollar could cause panic in capital markets , which might push up risk premia on dollar-denominated assets , including US government securities , in turn leading to an economic slowdown and a further weakening of the dollar .
There are two contradictory forces that could keep inflation significantly above its 2 % target not only this year and next year , but even in 2013 .
And , according to Sentance , it could stay above that target for the BOE 's two-year medium-term forecast window .
Theoretically , sterling could stay at the current rate of about $ 1.60 and improve the trade position if the increased volume of cheaper exports outweighed the value of more expensive imports -- the so-called J-curve effect . In that case , the trade balance would improve over time , following an initial deterioration .
But the BOE 's inaction -- even as the ECB raised interest rates in order to begin to normalize monetary policy -- could send the wrong signal , according to Sentance .
And , as he also warns , if inflation remains above the BOE 's target for another two years , abrupt and sharp monetary tightening would undermine the recovery -- and could damage the credibility of the BOE itself .
A failure to help the `` bottom billion '' could fuel mass migration and global insecurity .
This crisis could help formulate a new approach : increase access to reliable , affordable and renewable energy services for sustainable development , promote energy efficiency to make sure economic growth does not raise energy demand and environmental degradation , including climate change .
Some estimates suggest it could cost up to $ 60 billion to start sending Sahara power to Europe a decade from now .
With public support , progress could be much faster .
In the same way that Ghana was the trailblazer for ending colonial rule , it could also become sub-Saharan Africa 's next success story in economic terms .
African countries could also choose the Norwegian model , which established the principles that natural wealth belongs to all citizens , including the unborn , and that all mining deals should be completely transparent to the public .
Speaking of the lost decade of the 1980 's in Africa , Mazrui observed that , despite being endowed with superb climatic conditions , few African countries could feed themselves ; likewise , despite being engaged in trade in minerals and cash crops , most countries still wallowed in a state of aid-dependency .
And , because space exploration requires communications and control over vast distances , some of the applications could also enhance South Africa 's lucrative mining sector ; after all , controlling machines under the ground is similar to doing so in deep space .
But her adoption of a boy from Malawi whose mother had died and whose farmer father could not feed him has filled opinion pages in serious papers everywhere .
Of course , technology transfer from China and India could be a mere smokescreen for a new `` brown imperialism '' aimed at exploiting African oil , food , and minerals .
If Californians refuse , Obama could face a widening revolt -- against the idea of expanded government as the chief response to what ails America at home .
Furthermore , risk assessment should be linked to individual plants ' risk factors , such as location in a seismic zone , secondary containment , safety redundancies , etc. . Plants in densely populated areas with lower safety standards , for example , would face higher insurance costs , which could lead to a self-selected phase-out of the riskiest plants .
In both cases , however , perfect insurance could nonetheless serve as a valid benchmark to guide the choice of policies to implement .
At Enron , this was accomplished by breaking down tasks into small chunks so that no one person was ultimately responsible for a decision and could claim ignorance when caught .
This requires , first and most importantly , reducing global warming to the apparently inevitable increase of two degrees Celsius , beyond which lies an environmental catastrophe that could be unmanageable for poor and vulnerable countries .
But adequate investment in mitigating the damage could partly resolve the problem .
Several sources of financing for adaptation and mitigation efforts in developing countries could be made operational relatively quickly .
Despite these additional dangers , none of the major multilateral development institutions could easily argue today that developing countries should not formulate a development strategy that envisions sector-specific sources of economic growth , priorities for industrial development , and government support of such development with fiscal , financial , and regulatory measures .
As a result , with investment demand remaining robust , inflation could spread .
With export performance also set to slow , owing to the economic downturn in the United States , employment and growth could be weakened further , which implies mounting pressure on China 's government -- and thus on the fiscal deficit , creating another source of inflationary pressure .
China 's fears could be addressed by greater international collaboration , but China must be willing to cooperate as well , and , as we have seen again in recent days , it is unlikely to be forced out of its indecisiveness .
One could argue that politicians behave this way because they do not understand the economic nature of crises .
Its members could not agree even on how to define subprime mortgages and calculate how many such mortgages there were in the United States at the time of the crisis .
With its subpoena power , the Angelides Commission could have collected and made available to researchers the data needed to answer many crucial questions about the crisis .
Unfortunately , the outcome could be similar : the entire banking system sent into a tailspin .
Since the crisis , rating agencies have been under attack , and major regulation , which could severely affect their business , has been discussed on both sides of the Atlantic .
The EFSF has bought short-term gain in exchange for much larger losses if the situation deteriorates : a fiscal crisis in Spain could bring down the entire edifice .
In addition , the Bank 's lending arm to developing countries , the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development -LRB- IBRD -RRB- , could make new commitments of more than $ 35 billion this fiscal year -- almost triple last year 's -- and up to $ 100 billion over the next three years .
