As labor costs continue to climb , is China set to lose its coveted spot as the world 's workshop ?
Both countries covet access to Russian reserves , especially those located in the Angarsk fields of Siberia .
Bush 's Road Map to Failure in the Middle East Six long years of failed Middle East policies have finally brought President George W. Bush to recognize that the alliance of moderates in the region that he covets can only be forged through an Arab-Israeli peace .
In fact , the largest real estate China covets is not in the South or East China Seas : India 's Arunachal Pradesh is almost three times larger than Taiwan .
Russia coveted Port Arthur , and the powers jointly brought pressure on Japan to withdraw from the Treaty of Shimonoseki .
Russia also coveted Korea and Manchuria .
· Donors should deny Ethiopian ministers a seat at diplomatic tables , such as the coveted spot Zenawi got at the G-20 summit in London as head of the New Partnership for Africa 's Development ;
As a rising , rapidly modernizing power , China -- already a permanent member of the UN Security Council -- is now on the verge of coveted G8 membership and a powerful role in the World Trade Organization .
Hamas 's rejection of the Oslo Accords bore political fruit as it became increasingly clear to Palestinians that the handshakes on the White House lawn would not produce the coveted end to the Israeli occupation , or even of Israel 's illegal settlement activities .
Multi-national advertisers who covet the huge Saudi market were informed in no uncertain terms that they would lose hefty contracts if they advertised on Al Jazeera .
But , while centuries of struggle to end colonial rule and apartheid have not changed this much , now Western influence is being challenged by China , which likewise covets Africa 's rich reserves of minerals and resources .
Without committing itself to any substantive assistance , the Chinese government has publicly demanded that the European Union grant China the coveted status of `` market economy '' if it expects China to loosen its purse strings .
Under the aegis of the Six-Party umbrella , the United States and North Korea have even held the bilateral talks that North Korea 's Kim Jong Il has long coveted .
I discovered the Che who scribbled love poems and coveted his solitude .
Russia 's leaders are entitled to the world 's understanding as they struggle to overcome generations of Soviet misrule . But they are not entitled to the sphere of influence that Russian tsars and commissars coveted for 300 years .
On the other hand , not long after the `` united economic space '' was announced , Russia began to cast covetous eyes on the Ukrainian Black Sea island of Tuszla .
