Like permanent adolescents , Europeans and Japanese crave the security of the great American father , and deeply resent him at the same time .
This was a sickening blow to all Iranians who crave the dignity of democratic politics .
What people crave in uncertain times is strong leadership from charismatic figures who promise to sweep the stables , get rid of corruption , and stand up for the little man against selfish politicians and against foreigners who threaten us with strange habits and religions .
Leaders on both sides ignore strong majorities that crave peace , allowing extremist-led violence to preempt all opportunities for building a political consensus .
Another reason for our greater fear of terrorism is that whereas ordinary criminals prefer secrecy , terrorists crave publicity .
In 2004 , Smicor promised to establish the higher-value diamond-cutting business that the government craves , and has since recruited and trained 400 workers in a new plant in the capital , Windhoek .
As Singapore 's Kishore Mahbubani , a prominent Asian diplomat and academic , puts it , `` Europeans are irrelevant to the world 's great issues , obsessed by internal process , culturally arrogant , craven in the face of the US , and blind to the rise of Asia . ''
At that fluid border between old and new people craved most what they had never had : freedom of thought and expression , information , the tools to debate and define their own happiness .
World famous but controversial , Blair is capable of rallying public opinion and giving the European project the high profile that the EU craves .
This is not , needless to say , because Europeans crave the rigors of America 's less cosseted social conditions , but because it 's the only way that European governments will be able to stay afloat financially .
Why does France seem to crave such prominence ?
Indeed , China 's pandering to dictators in its quest for resources contradicts its long-term interest in being acknowledged as a benign and legitimate power and commanding the international respect that it craves .
Only the US can give the Islamic Republic the security guarantees it craves .
Yet few in the Iranian establishment understand that being the leading regional power brings responsibility ; and that only responsible behavior can create legitimacy and acceptance that Iran craves .
Most people are creatures of habit ; they crave predictability .
But growth -- with the high employment and rising living standards that politicians crave -- results from creativity .
His intention is quite clear : `` Man 's active nature , flagging , seeks too soon the level ; Unqualified repose he learns to crave , Whence , willingly , the comrade him I gave , Who works , excites , and must create , as Devil . ''
