Irresponsible borrowing by governments in international credit markets requires irresponsible lending .
But governments offer no collateral , and their principal incentive to repay -- the fear of being cut off by international credit markets -- derives from a perverse addiction .
When private borrowers default , bankruptcy courts supervise a bankruptcy or reorganization process through which even unsecured creditors can hope to recover something .
But the power to tax has practical limits , and governments ' moral or legal right to bind future generations of citizens to repay foreign creditors is questionable .
It was more lucrative business than traditional lending : a few bankers could lend enormous sums with little due diligence -- except for the small detail that governments plied with easy credit do sometimes default .
Moreover , curtailing governments ' access to international credit -LRB- and , by extension , inducing more fiscal responsibility -RRB- could actually help more enterprising and productive borrowers .
A survey published on a Web site associated with Hamas claimed credit for killing 54 % of all the Israelis who died as a result of Palestinians ' armed struggle , and this body count is Hamas 's claim to success .
Owing to his influence with the Fatah militias , Barghouti 's release could help Abbas and the discredited Fatah leadership , and boost the younger generation of Fatah leaders .
In Gaza , where Hamas is in charge , the high price of armed resistance to Israel has discredited any attempts to revive the conflict .
In a bellicose world , a credible voice in the international arena requires a creditable military capability and high-tech military technology .
Precisely for this reason , political opportunists in the US have long used the race card to discredit welfare and redistribution , from the Jim Crow system that segregated blacks in the South before 1964 to the infamous Reagan-era charge about black `` welfare queens '' who drive Cadillacs .
Even slowing the economy is hard : lacking an efficient financial system , credit growth must be controlled directly through banks .
This statement is to the credit of the European Commission , and there is not much to be added , except to emphasize that it is up to EU governments to treat Turkey with the fairness that all candidate countries deserve .
`` The events around the exhibition discredit the Russian Orthodox Church , just as the fatwah condemning Salman Rushdie to death discredited Islam , '' said Elena Bonner , Andrei Sakharov 's widow .
The new Egypt should make a clean break with Mubarak and his creditors , and let them sort out their business among themselves without involving the Egyptian people .
Perhaps the most tragic aspect of this story is the exploitation of low-income families involved in the so-called sub-prime mortgage crisis , whereby variable-rate mortgages were offered to customers with a low credit rating .
Any fund manager who claims to have been deluded by the apparently favorable risk-yield characteristics of CMOs or related credit instruments can be accused of having fallen for Milton Friedman 's `` free lunch . ''
Our sound fiscal management has been widely recognized , with all of the major credit ratings agencies upgrading the Philippines within our government 's first year .
The ayatollah-dictator and the Revolutionary Guards have tried their best to discredit their opponents by concocting , through forced confessions at show trials , a conspiracy of regime change based on a `` velvet revolution '' produced by `` Western social sciences . ''
A move by army officers in Tripoli against Qaddafi and his sons might end the conflict , with military commanders getting the credit -- and the political capital .
The discredited election results suggested that the country is geographically and ethnically divided , with the democratic opposition candidate Yushchenko winning overwhelmingly in seventeen western and central regions , while Yanukovich dominated in ten eastern and southern regions .
Instead , they have reverted to strict reserve requirements , effectively rationing credit and thereby causing a domestic credit squeeze in the midst of the current international financial crisis , which is likely to force some medium-sized banks into bankruptcy because of liquidity problems .
This is a small sum relative to Russia 's currency reserves , but plenty for the underdeveloped banking system , which experienced a severe credit squeeze .
Interest rates on Russia 's bonds have risen by 2-3 percentage points , and many Russian creditors no longer have access to international capital markets .
The cause of the East European financial crisis was a standard credit boom-and-bust cycle .
In addition , the EU provided financing , whereas the European Central Bank , which could have given swap credits , played no helpful role .
The European Union and eurozone leaders have seriously discredited themselves .
In fact , Olmert 's weak and discredited government may yet survive .
In the run-up to the G20 summit access to the Fund 's credit facilities was increased and policy conditions were streamlined .
In a watershed with former practice , a new non-conditional credit line was introduced for well-performing countries .
As the ECB 's common monetary policy can not fit the macroeconomic conditions of all the member countries , the eurozone countries need macro-prudential regulations that aim at reducing excessive credit growth .
It has been argued that if , in 2007 , the US had a Financial Products Safety Commission akin to its Food and Drugs Administration , the market would not have been flooded with `` teaser '' mortgages that entangled millions of households in chains of predatory credit .
Governments allocate credit -LRB- through direct bank ownership or by guiding credit decisions by privately owned banks -RRB- , provide direct subsidies and\/or tax incentives , grant trade protection , or use other regulatory devices in an attempt to `` pick winners . ''
CAMBRIDGE -- In the new financial order being put in place by regulators around the world , reform of credit rating agencies should be a key element .
Standard & Poor argued that such a mechanism would provide credit rating agencies with `` less incentive to compete with one another , pursue innovation , and improve their models , criteria , and methodologies . ''
To do so , executive payoffs could be made dependent on changes in the value of the banks ' credit-default swaps , which reflect the probability that the bank will not have sufficient capital to meet its full obligations .
Had the government placed AIG into Chapter 11 reorganization in November 2008 , AIG 's creditors , including its derivative counterparties , would have ended up with the value of AIG 's assets , which consisted mainly of shares in AIG 's insurance subsidiaries .
Without necessarily affecting the operations of AIG 's insurance subsidiaries , the reorganization process would have simply shifted ownership of AIG 's assets from AIG 's existing shareholders to AIG 's creditors .
To the extent that the value of these assets would not have been sufficient to cover all of the derivative creditors ' claims , they would have had to bear some losses .
In the future , governments should not bail out failing financial institutions ' derivative counterparties , even when they provide a safety net to some of these institutions ' creditors -LRB- such as depositors -RRB- .
A governmental commitment to exclude derivative creditors from any safety net extended when financial institutions fail would reduce future costs to taxpayers from cases like AIG .
Several more could do so over the next month if frozen credit markets do not thaw .
Perhaps they became too dependent on cheap credit , but they were not alone in this respect .
The International Monetary Fund provided an emergency credit line to support the currency , the World Bank coordinated the relief effort -LRB- much of it financed by the United States and the EU -RRB- , and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development used its knowledge and resources to lead the effort to save the financial system .
He is widely credited for setting the country 's agenda , and for being the motor behind the liberal economic reforms that since 2004 have meant a qualitative leap in the Egyptian economy .
These are trying economic times for the US , largely owing to imperial overstretch financed by Chinese credit .
The penetration of foreign banks has also effectively deprived countries in Central and Eastern Europe of monetary policy tools , leaving them with little control over extremely rapid credit growth .
But the rapid expansion of credit brought about by foreign financial intermediaries using various channels -LRB- including direct lending , lending via banking subsidiaries , and lending via leasing subsidiaries -RRB- has fueled asset booms and heightened exposure to foreign-exchange risk .
It would allow host countries to impose restrictions on credit expansion , regardless of how a financial institution chooses to channel capital to its market , and would strengthen host countries ' rights to request information from home-country regulators .
Foreign financing fueled foreign-currency credit growth , even for borrowers without foreign-currency income .
Allowing foreign banks ' subsidiaries to become orphaned amid a worsening crisis in home countries would undermine confidence in emerging Europe 's financial systems , which could trigger asset-price declines and precipitous contractions in credit .
Some of the recent abrupt -- and at times overly ambitious -- measures to tax the industry or redistribute the burden of foreign-currency loans have undermined capital cushions and set back recovery in credit and growth .
Whenever they came out with a proposal , the others gave them credit that it was in the interest of the Union as a whole ; whenever there was a deadlock , the others looked for leadership from Paris and Bonn\/Berlin to overcome it .
So the Franco-German couple has lost the credit it once enjoyed .
So not only has the MPC kept interest rates at a rock-bottom 0.5 % since 2009 , but policy has been loosened further by the Bank of England 's so-called `` quantitative easing '' -- that is , expanding the monetary base by the stroke of a pen in the hope of reinvigorating domestic credit markets .
Now , however , banks use models conjured up by faraway financial wizards to mass-produce credit and a range of derivative products .
Heavy borrowing also encourages owners and managers to go for broke , because it 's the creditors who bear most of the downside risk .
But creditors do n't have an incentive to place tough limits on banks .
Encouraging banks to turn loans kept on their books into securities also helped reduce the overall level of caution in the extension of credit .
There are still land mines , from unknowable credit default swap -LRB- CDS -RRB- positions to hidden losses on balance sheets , but the worst days of frozen money markets and obscene risk spreads are probably over .
Add to this the drop in output in advanced countries , and you can see how emerging countries now suffer from both higher credit costs and decreased export demand .
Inflation is increasing beyond what can be explained by rising commodity and food prices , while credit growth and some asset prices are starting to look high relative to historical standards .
Thus , the credit crunch is becoming a `` youth crunch , '' as highlighted by a recent survey carried out by the British Council in several European countries .
As is also revealed by the term structure of credit-default swaps for Italian debt , investors are not worried about , say , the 2011 budget law .
Most landless farmers find it difficult to switch to different crops , being caught up as they are in the illegal opium-denominated market , which forces them to live at the mercy of the drug traffickers , who provide them with access to credit and market outlets .
The Federal Reserve lowered its target federal funds rate to zero before Obama was inaugurated , and initiated many programs to try to revive credit markets , with mixed results -LRB- the commercial paper facility has helped , whereas others seem to have gotten off to less sanguine starts -RRB- .
Unfortunately , the Obama administration 's decision to put the unions ahead of secured debt-holders in the orchestrated Chrysler bankruptcy risks rupturing the basic fabric of credit markets . But Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner 's much-ridiculed bank `` stress tests '' made sense -LRB- although one can argue that sufficiently dire scenarios were not included or that too much was negotiated with the banks , etc. -RRB- .
And would doing so force larger write-downs , requiring banks , in turn , to ration credit -- and thus harming the economy ?
Banks and other financial firms borrow short -- increasingly in recent years from the commercial securities market , not deposits -- and lend long at higher interest rates , taking on both credit risk -LRB- of default -RRB- and interest-rate risk .
From 2002-2007 , trillions of dollars were loaned for sub-prime and prime mortgages , autos , credit cards , commercial real estate , private equity , and more , on the assumption by -LRB- most -RRB- borrowers and lenders that strong global growth , rising home prices and cheap , readily available short-term credit would continue for the foreseeable future .
This difficulty in valuing the now so-called toxic assets remains at the core of today 's credit difficulties .
For foreign investors , the greatest near-term concern may be a broad range of attacks from parliament and some of Yar ` Adua 's economic advisors on Charles Soludo , the central bank governor , who is widely credited for Nigeria 's improved economic performance in the past several years .
A splinter group , the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , has claimed credit for several recent attacks and kidnappings of foreign workers , and says it will not retreat until Delta states gain control of the revenue produced by locally extracted oil .
A few weeks ago , a previously unknown organization called `` The Martyr 's Brigade '' claimed credit for attacks on Delta pipelines , raising concerns among multinationals that mercenary resistance in the region is becoming ideological .
For example , House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Tom Lantos has introduced legislation that would extend the extra-territorial reach of US law to foreign governments ' export credit agencies , financial institutions , insurers , underwriters , and guarantors .
Rural populations from Africa have the capacity to compete and export greenhouse-gas emission-reduction credits generated by forestry and agriculture activities that improve their livelihoods , ameliorate local environmental problems , and increase communities ' ability to cope with climate change .
Europe , in particular , can demonstrate its commitment to mitigating climate change and promoting economic development in Africa by filling its 1 % quota of credits from reforestation projects .
Under current EU ETS rules , carbon credits generated by forestry projects undertaken in the CDM currently have no value , despite their obvious climate , environmental , and social benefits .
This is because the so-called `` linking directive '' -- the regulation authorizing EU firms to import Certified Emission Reductions from CDM projects -- bans credits from any forestry project .
Unsurprisingly , no European firm is currently interested in purchasing such credits .
The EU ETS 's exclusion of carbon credits from forestry projects will remain in force at least until 2008 , with the question of whether to include them subsequently set to be revisited next year .
Preserving the European bias against credits from forest projects is not justified , as positive experience emerging from the first land-use projects will show .
In particular , three changes are necessary : the relaxation of the 1 % rule , the expansion of eligibility criteria to include more than just reforestation , and the removal of the 60-year replacement rule -LRB- which mandates the replacement of temporary with permanent credits after 60 years , regardless of the state of the underlying forests -RRB- .
The first change would enable Annex I countries to satisfy a greater share of their increasing climate responsibilities using credits from land-use projects implemented in non-Annex I countries . The second change would allow forestry and land-use projects that are eligible to issue carbon credits to include such activities as re-vegetation , forest restoration , and improved agricultural management .
The third change would eliminate a perverse rule , by which parties to CDM contracts can liquidate forests to buy replacement credits .
Because reforms can become part of `` our '' heritage , traditional conservatives can adapt to change , even taking credit for negotiating the connection between past and future .
The paradox here is that , as its hegemonic power fades , America must rely increasingly on foreign creditors , above all China , to stay afloat .
In Brazil 's case there is a further reason for avoiding default : the country 's debt is owed mainly to Brazilians so that the losers in any default would not only be foreign creditors , but Brazilian banks , insurance companies and other financial institutions , putting the entire financial system at risk of collapse .
Much of the credit for this goes to the Japanese themselves and to the idealistic , left-leaning New Dealers in MacArthur 's government who supported them .
The happy fact that Koreans , Filipinos , Thais and Taiwanese did eventually become free , or at least freer , is not so much to the credit of the US as it is to the people who fought for their freedoms themselves .
Keen to revive a more militant form of nationalism in their own countries , politicians like Strache , Wilders , and Dewinter see Israel as a kind of model -- a model discredited for a long time in Europe , owing to bad memories of fascism and Nazism .
Indeed , anti-Zionist leftists frequently attempt to discredit Israel by comparing its actions in Gaza and the West Bank to Nazi atrocities .
The cynical way in which despots try to discredit all opposition as the work of foreign agents no doubt plays a part in this silence .
For all the finger pointing at Wilders , just because Breivik professed to admire him , the acts of a deranged killer , others caution , should not be used to discredit what he stands for .
European plans for a Common Foreign and Security Policy and for closer defense cooperation seemed brutally discredited .
As Argentina 's economy lost access to credit in late 2001 , the government resorted to desperate measures in a vain attempt to avert disaster .
This outcome stands in stark contrast to that of external private creditors , who have not seen a cent of what they are owed for more than one year and so far do not have even a hint about terms of repayment .
Put differently , even after default , ` pesofication ' and devaluation , Argentina 's pension funds yielded a very decent return in real terms . Furthermore , they fared well relative to other classes of creditors , especially foreign bondholders .
Thus , pension funds were de facto treated as senior creditors , but by means of a highly disruptive mechanism : huge excess returns followed by default and pesofication .
Suppose pension funds are de facto treated as senior creditors -LRB- as suggested by the case of Argentina -RRB- . Under these conditions , the premium paid on pension funds ' holdings of government bonds involves a rent on those holdings , because pension funds would be willing to hold government bonds even if they yielded a lower-than-market interest rate .
The unraveling of such a network -- through panic and runs against financial institutions , asset fire sales , credit crunches , and the like -- then becomes a nightmare for financial supervisors and monetary authorities alike .
Beyond capital rules , however , monetary policy and financial supervision must cooperate very closely on liquidity management , particularly through credit mechanisms .
To their credit , many of the project 's opponents have avoided the crass bigotry that is becoming a standard trait of right-wing discourse in the United States .
Complete estrangement from the US in Latin America will not only harm hemispheric relations , but may discredit broader ideas that are closely associated with the US .
He basically argued that over the past ten years , Mexico , while hardly a paradise , was on something of a roll : inflation came under control , growth began to pick up , poverty was being reduced , and lower interest rates made credit available to the lower middle class .
Indeed , after ten years of uninterrupted macroeconomic stability -- something Mexico had not experienced since the 1960 's -- the middle class has expanded dramatically , and reasonably priced bank credit is now available to millions who had been excluded in the past .
Photographs , videos , and audio recordings of politicians and paramilitary thugs -LRB- including one who boasts of having personally killed more than 300 of his enemies -RRB- have discredited a political elite that , while never very popular , has now had some of the worst suspicions that many held about it graphically confirmed .
Photographs , videos , and audio recordings of politicians and paramilitary thugs -LRB- including one who boasts of having personally killed more than 300 of his enemies -RRB- have discredited a political elite that , while never very popular , has now had some of the worst suspicions that many held about it graphically confirmed .
But , despite its international isolation and its domestic discredit , Ortega 's has nonetheless renewed his pact with Alemán to preserve his misrule .
But a vulnerable economy dependent on external credit has only helped increase pressure on Sri Lanka to investigate allegations of war crimes and crimes against humanity .
But chronic stalemate has confronted many Asian democracies with the threat of being discredited , a potential for violence , and the prospect of economic decline .
As a result , restructuring has been time consuming , costly , and characterized by intense lobbying , rent-seeking , stop-and-go policy making , and the continued failure of credit markets to function efficiently .
Indeed , if they disappoint , the very principles on which they are based-democracy and civil liberties-will be discredited .
But , while it is comfortable to live in the social-democratic world of Scandinavia , Germany , and other European countries , many of them have purchased their equality on credit from future generations .
It may well be resolved with different answers that accord with different countries ' traditions , although tax credits and similar additions to people 's incomes are more compatible with free societies .
Regulators take the view that the impact of higher capital requirements on the cost of credit to borrowers will be modest , as the overall cost of funds to banks will not rise much .
Was he not a hard-core member of the `` Greenspan consensus , '' which held that it was not the Fed 's responsibility to look out for bubbles , whether of asset prices or credit , and that it should limit itself to mopping up after the event ?
Indeed , just recently he defended that policy , whereas many other central bankers have tacitly or explicitly accepted that they need a new approach to credit and asset prices .
During this period , credit expanded rapidly as a share of GDP , reaching more than 300 % at the peak .
Indeed , the Basel Committee plans to require more capital in the future , though the new requirements will be delayed , owing to concerns about the cost and availability of credit to sustain the recovery .
Against that background , it is hard to believe that we will quickly return to the heady growth in financial assets , credit , and risk we saw from the 1970 's to 2007 .
Seventh , establish different programs for higher-level commanders , providing more orientation , training , credit , and technical assistance .
Active policies to promote new start-ups and local companies ' expansion through credit , training , and technical support are imperative .
Some say that the European conquest of the Americas deserves the credit .
So those governments whose credit is still unshaken and whose assets are still the benchmarks of quality for the world economy should be creating a lot more of them .
Which of these steps should the world 's creditworthy governments take in response to the asset-price movements of May ?
When excess demand is for high-quality assets -- places where you can park your wealth and be assured that it will still be there when you come back -- the natural response is to have credit-worthy governments guarantee some private assets and buy up others , swapping them out for their own liabilities and thus diminishing the supply of risky assets and increasing the supply of safe assets .
Last week , US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said that McCulloch 's economics -- the economics of supply and demand -- was in no way discredited by the financial crisis , and was still extraordinarily useful .
But I think that much of economics has been discredited by the manifest failure of many economists to be as smart as McCulloch 's parrots were .
Then , at the start of 2010 , the countries that had been muddling through divided into two groups : those where government credit was unimpaired continued to muddle through , while countries like Greece and Ireland , where government credit was impaired , had no choice but to pursue austerity and try to restore fiscal confidence .
Even though the British government 's credit is still solid gold , Prime Minister David Cameron 's administration is about to embark on what may be the largest sustained fiscal contraction ever : a plan to shrink the government budget deficit by 9 % of GDP over the next four years .
Our country 's credit rating was affirmed .
Advocates of austerity counter that confidence in the government 's credit might collapse , and the government might have to roll over its debt on unfavorable terms .
To be sure , back in the 1970 's , confidence in the credit of the British government collapsed , forcing it to borrow from the IMF so that spending could be cut and taxes raised gradually rather than abruptly .
But businesses establish lines of credit for future contingencies all the time , and they do n't think there is anything humiliating about resorting to them when those contingencies come to pass .
Summers was criticizing Europe 's focus on the second-order issue of Greece while far graver imbalances -- between the EU 's north and south , and between reckless banks ' creditors and governments that failed to regulate properly -- worsen with each passing day .
The Clinton team could also take credit for the largely successful handling of the 1994 Mexican and 1997-1998 Asian financial crises .
Weisberg is not given a mere `` with , '' but the full credit of a co-author that the word `` and '' delivers .
This is a key facet of Robert Rubin 's strength : he is a classy guy , one who believes that credit is to be shared .
The Hidden Purposes of High Finance BERKELEY -- No one questions the usefulness of `` low '' finance : the ability to use checks , banknotes , and credit cards rather than having to cart around chests of silver , scales , and reagents to assay purity , and needing armed guards to protect the silver -- and more guards to watch the first set of guards -- has obvious efficiencies .
We are talking about either direct government employment programs , or large tax credits for businesses that increase the number of workers they employ .
And there is still time for a substantial temporary and incremental new-hire tax credit aimed at getting businesses to boost employment before the end of 2010 .
Another compelling explanation comes from a venture capitalist who credits Chinese society with copious reserves of entrepreneurial energy that derives , he believes , from the fact that Chinese culture attaches very little shame to failing in a business enterprise .
By keeping a door open to North Korea 's leaders , China is making a substantial contribution to regional peace . This is bold diplomacy -- for which China is given little credit -- at a highly sensitive moment .
Credit lines should be kept open to smaller businesses , which employ the bulk of the world 's workers but have the least access to credit .
The International Monetary Fund and central banks should increase liquidity in a coordinated fashion in the form of short-term credit to emerging-market economies suffering from cuts in capital inflows and export earnings .
By contrast , authoritarian regimes ' repression of civilians , and their non-differentiation between civilians and killers , provides extremists with fertile recruiting conditions by discrediting the government in the eyes of a significant part of its population .
If not , the UN , NATO and the European Union will discredit themselves as well as the humanitarian values they use to justify their `` humanitarian '' interventions .
Instead , they use the language of realpolitik and remind us that we are too weak to challenge the West , and that our economy - devastated by war , sanctions and NATO bombing - desperately needs the loans and credits that come under the condition that extraditions to the Hague are made .
Their vision of a chauvinistic , inward-looking Serbia has been discredited , while Djindjic 's stance may become more popular due to his martyrdom .
It soon seemed to have restored some normality . Not quite , because interest rates remained high and creditors remained alarmed .
The alternative is for government to write down public debt and bank deposits , giving creditors and depositors `` hair cuts . ''
Socialism collapsed a decade ago because it became discredited in the eyes of the peoples who lived under it .
In some cases , notably Argentina , borrowing by domestic buyers exhausted all available lines of credit .
Other countries did not drop to Argentina 's level , but creditworthiness is an issue almost everywhere in Latin America .
There are too many entry barriers to the poor , the innovative , and those without access to credit .
With its loans to Hungary and Latvia , the European Commission has already revived a credit facility which was dormant since the European Monetary System crisis in 1992 -- and for countries outside EMU .
The rule should apply both to debtor and creditor countries .
To Google 's credit , if you Google that sentence , you can find reference to a debate on that claim that I took part in recently .
On bank re-capitalizations , some countries adopted the more punitive approach of quasi-nationalization , while others lent public bailout funds on very advantageous terms , linking re-capitalization to the development of credit or the restriction of dividends .
Europe should have used its regulatory power and managed the conflict between systemic and competitive risk that all this emergency public funding was generating , but the competition watchdog 's contradictory request that companies receiving funding should reduce credit to their clients made this well nigh impossible .
The situation in these countries is so serious that a few days ago the United States granted them credit for up to $ 60 billion .
And for this the IMF 's strong , politically astute management -- not exactly something from which the Fund has regularly benefited in recent years -- deserves credit .
Financial innovation , meanwhile , worked to make credit even cheaper and more widely available .
But there were unintended consequences . The failure of US regulators to tighten capital and lending standards when abundant capital inflows combined with loose Fed policies ignited a furious credit boom .
This would generalize and extend its Flexible Credit Line -LRB- FCL -RRB- , under which countries with impeccable credentials are prequalified for automatic access to IMF credit without having to accept onerous conditions .
As a result , bank credit will be harder to obtain .
A more limited supply of bank credit will mean higher capital costs .
Small , innovative firms need enhanced access to credit .
The value of inherited government debts remains intact , and , aside from a handful of obligations to so-called junior creditors , bank debts also remain untouched .
The other fashionable policy idea that will ultimately prove impractical is to transform the IMF credits known as Special Drawing Rights into an international currency to rival the dollar . The problem is that SDRs are used neither to settle cross-border transactions nor as a unit in which to denominate international bonds .
In addition , in order for the SDR to become a true global currency , the IMF would have to be empowered to issue more of them in a crisis , much like the US Federal Reserve provided foreign central banks with $ 120 billion in emergency credits following the collapse of Lehman Brothers .
There would be no write-down of principal , or `` haircut '' for creditors , only more time for repayment .
Fortunately , there is another way : emulate the Brady Plan , under which commercial banks , together with the United States , the International Monetary Fund , and the Paris Club of sovereign creditors , restructured and took haircuts on the debt of Latin American and Eastern European governments at the end of the 1980 's .
Under the Brady Plan , an accounting rule called FASB 15 allowed restructured loans to continue to be booked at their original face value , so long as the sum of interest and principal payments on the restructured instrument at least equaled that on the original credit .
The Paris Club under Trichet provided Poland with a 50 % reduction of its debt , on the condition that the country 's bank creditors take a similar haircut .
But skeptics question whether the SDR could ever replace the dollar as the world 's leading reserve currency , for the simple reason that the SDR is not a currency . It is a composite accounting unit in which the IMF issues credits to its members .
Those credits can be converted into dollars and other currencies at the Fund , and can be used in official transactions among IMF member countries . But they can not be used in the other transactions in which central banks and governments engage .
Its credits and swaps have never been activated .
Now , we are told , ASEAN +3 has achieved another great breakthrough , the so-called Chiang Mai Initiative Multilateralization -LRB- CMIM -RRB- , aimed at turning its bilateral swaps and credits into a regional reserve pool .
Disbursing more than 20 % of the credits available to a country still requires that it first reach an agreement with the IMF , and 20 % of a country 's entitlement is actually less than it contributes to the pool .
· With virtually no earned income and dwindling savings , the unemployed are least able to manage the current surge in gasoline and food prices , they are effectively shut off from credit , and many have mortgage debt that exceed the value of their homes .
These realities were masked by the craziness that characterized America 's pre-2008 `` Golden Age '' of leverage , credit , and debt entitlement , which fueled a gigantic but unsustainable boom in construction , housing , leisure , and retail .
Multi-year re-alignments are messy and complex , especially when they occur simultaneously at the national and global levels , and when multi-speed growth , inflation , and credit dynamics are at work , as is the case today .
In the meantime , both sides risk disrupting transfer payments -LRB- including to the elderly -RRB- and the provision of public services , as well as eroding further America 's global credit standing .
The outcome is both uncertain and highly consequential -- for Europe , of course , but also for a global economy that is in the midst of a synchronized slowdown and operating with a weakened anchor , owing to America 's recent debt-ceiling debacle and the humiliating loss of its AAA sovereign credit rating .
Thus , they would minimize the deterioration in their trade surpluses , maintain competitive exchange rates , and safeguard their foreign reserves and net-creditor positions .
Now Putin claims credit for making Russia the world 's leading producer , ahead of Saudi Arabia .
But make no mistake : Putin 's popularity ratings relied not on his vigor , humor , or mystique , but on salaries and credits that Russians had never enjoyed before .
If the Kremlin claimed credit for the oil - and gas-fired prosperity of the past six years -- prosperity due solely to economic exuberance elsewhere in the world -- the Kremlin should be accountable for the current devastation .
In 2009 , M2 money supply -LRB- a key indicator used to forecast inflation -RRB- increased by 27 % year on year , and credit expanded by 34 % .
In January 2010 , despite strict `` administrative control '' of financial credit lines -LRB- the PBC actually imposed credit ceilings on commercial banks -RRB- , bank lending grew at an annual rate of 29 % , on top of already strong expansion in the same period a year earlier .
Moreover , roughly 40 % of the increase in bank credit in 2009 accommodated the fiscal expansion , as projects were started prior to the budget allocations needed to finance them .
Using bank credits to speculate in equity and housing markets is still mostly forbidden .
Inflation soared to 21 % in 1994 -- its highest level over the past 30 years -- and a great deal of local debt ended up as non-performing loans , which amounted to 40 % of total credits in the state banking sector in the mid-1990 's .
Furthermore , the PBC uses unconventional instruments from time to time , such as `` credit ceilings '' or `` credit quotas '' imposed on commercial banks .
This may result in `` extra reserves , '' which commercial banks can not use to extend their credit lines .
While the ECB has limited room for maneuver , regulatory changes and revenue-neutral shifts in the tax structure -LRB- for example , a temporary investment tax credit financed by a temporary increase in the corporate tax rate -RRB- could provide the stimulus needed to offset declining net exports .
If a homeowner stops making mortgage payments , the creditor can take the property but can not take other assets or a fraction of wages .
Even in those states where creditors have the legal authority to take other assets or wage income , the personal bankruptcy laws are so restrictive that creditors do n't bother to try .
And , if the downward spiral in house prices continues , the value of mortgage-backed securities held by financial institutions around the world will continue to decline , affecting the supply of credit far beyond the US .
For individuals with high monthly mortgage payments relative to their disposable income , the US government will share with the creditor bank the cost of reducing the monthly payment to 31 % of disposable income .
The combination of credits from the other eurozone countries and lending by the IMF may provide enough liquidity to stave off default for a while .
In the end , Greece , the eurozone 's other members , and Greece 's creditors will have to accept that the country is insolvent and can not service its existing debt .
Moreover , the increased availability of credit cards gave Americans a greater ability to dissave , buying goods and services now and paying for them later .
Banks and credit-card companies have become much more cautious about extending credit .
Households ' need to rebuild wealth , and the lack of access to credit , implies that the saving rate could continue to rise from the 6.4 % recorded in June -LRB- the most recent month for which data are available -RRB- to the 9 % rate that America averaged in the decades before 1985 .
This need not mean outright default ; a plan to repay principal and interest with low-interest securities rather than cash -- or to withhold income tax on interest earned from government bonds , crediting those taxes against the obligations of American taxpayers -- would achieve the same result .
CAMBRIDGE -- The Greek government , the European Commission , and the International Monetary Fund are all denying what markets perceive clearly : Greece will eventually default on its debts to its private and public creditors .
The politicians prefer to postpone the inevitable by putting public money where private money will no longer go , because doing so allows creditors to maintain the fiction that the accounting value of the Greek bonds that they hold need not be reduced .
This creates a strong incentive to default , because mortgages in the US are effectively non-recourse loans : the creditor may take the property if the borrower does n't pay , but can not take other assets or a portion of wage income .
What started as a problem with sub-prime mortgages has now spread to houses more generally , as well as to other asset classes . The housing problem is contributing to the financial crisis , which in turn is reducing the supply of credit needed to sustain economic activity .
Negative equity is significant because mortgages in the United States are generally `` no recourse '' loans . If a homeowner defaults , creditors can take the house , but they can not take other property or income to make up any unpaid balance .
Even in those states where mortgages are not `` no recourse '' loans , creditors generally do not pursue the assets or income of individuals who default .
Without this confidence , credit will not flow and economic activity will be constrained .
Moreover , because financial institutions ' assets were bought mainly with borrowed money , the shortage of credit is exacerbated by their need to deleverage .
But the macroeconomic weakness in the US now goes beyond the decreased supply of credit . Falling house prices reduce household wealth and therefore consumer spending .
The US Federal Reserve has , in my judgment , responded appropriately by reducing the federal funds interest rate sharply and creating a variety of new credit facilities .
The low interest rate helped by making the dollar more competitive , but otherwise monetary policy appears to have lost traction because of the condition of the housing sector and the dysfunctional state of the credit markets .
First , the banks and other financial institutions in Germany and France have large exposures to Greek government debt , both directly and through the credit that they have extended to Greek and other eurozone banks .
Postponing a default gives the French and German financial institutions time to build up their capital , reduce their exposure to Greek banks by not renewing credit when loans come due , and sell Greek bonds to the European Central Bank .
This risk was highlighted by the recent downgrade of Italy 's credit rating by Standard & Poor 's .
Countercyclical fiscal policy had been largely discredited because of the delays involved in implementing fiscal changes and households ' weak response to temporary tax cuts .
The dysfunctional credit markets caused by the uncertain value of asset-backed securities means that banks and other financial institutions are unable to raise funds and are unwilling to lend .
Regardless of what is done to provide a fiscal stimulus , governments around the world must act to fix dysfunctional credit markets .
Otherwise , credit will not flow and growth will not resume .
To be sure , an improvement in the currently dysfunctional financial system will allow banks and other financial institutions to start lending to borrowers who want to spend but can not get credit today .
The public pension system is unreliable , there is little health insurance available to pay for the high cost of Western-style care , parents must pay tuition for their children 's schooling , there is little credit available for purchases of consumer durable , and buying an apartment requires a large down-payment .
I believe that the government will act on all of these reasons for high saving , making credit more widely available , introducing a health insurance system , and relaxing some of the down-payment requirements .
A lower price level would also increase the real value of business debt , weakening balance sheets and thus making it harder for companies to get additional credit .
Higher real interest rates discourage credit-financed purchases by households and businesses . This weakens overall demand , leading to steeper declines in prices .
However , beyond the mortgage market , other huge risks are lurking , especially in the US financial system : credit cards , car loans , and presumably a few other things .
The Northeastern Pacific powers -- China , Japan , and South Korea -- are already America 's most significant creditors by far , and their importance will increase further as a result of the financial crisis .
If Ahmadinejad prevails , the dilemma for the West will be that it will have to deal with a regime discredited by election fraud , but still indispensable for resolving almost all of the Middle East 's important problems : Iran 's own nuclear program and the conflicts in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Iraq , Lebanon , and Palestine .
Much to his credit -- and in contrast to his immediate predecessor -- Obama tried , from his first day in office , to work towards a resolution of the conflict between Israelis and Palestinians .
The recent credit and liquidity crisis has revealed a similar condition in financial markets , because no one , not even central banks , seems to understand its nature or magnitude .
This would cost Germany control over the quality of its credit , just as the replacement of the Bundesbank by the ECB implied Germany 's loss of control over the quality of its currency -LRB- though it was given a large role in designing the ECB -RRB- .
To their credit , many new programs in mathematical biology encourage researchers coming from the mathematical sciences to become practicing biologists themselves .
Wakefield 's work has now been thoroughly discredited as incorrect and dishonest science .
Perhaps its Labor Party should be given credit for pioneering the principle that center-left governments can sometimes achieve economic liberalization better than their center-right opponents .
Surely there is at least as much natural demand for commodity bonds as there is for credit-default swaps and some of the bizarrely complicated derivatives that are currently traded !
The problem may be that there are not many investors who want to take a long position on oil and Nigerian credit risk simultaneously .
With rare exceptions , politics has become a discredited profession throughout the West .
These proposals have focused on the problems caused by poor transparency , over-leveraging , outsized financial institutions , tax havens , bad incentives for financial bosses , and credit rating agencies ' conflicts of interest .
One reason for this failure is that pillar 1 of the Basel II Agreement , which outlines how banks around the world should assess credit risks and determine the size of capital buffers , makes no explicit allowance for long-swing fluctuations in asset markets .
From artists to scientists , all intellectual workers are preoccupied with the giving and taking of credit .
Hiring , promoting , and rewarding academic staff is increasingly based on `` citation counts '' -- the number of times someone receives credit in peer-approved publications .
Even if someone 's work is criticized , it must be credited properly .
Credit is often given simply because someone has produced a creditable work .
But , increasingly , the fixation on credit reflects the work 's potential monetary value .
And , however one defines the creditworthiness of intellectual work , one thing is clear : reported cases of fraud are on the rise .
Sometimes fraud consists in plagiarism : the culprit takes credit for someone else 's work .
Many so-called frauds are cases in which researchers claimed credit for work they have not really carried out , but that pointed in the right direction and was eventually completed by others .
Foreign correspondents accredited in Moscow complained that nothing was happening in Putin 's Russia .
While Putin 's policies could have been much worse -- it is legitimate to give him credit where it is due -- Russia should not be allowed to take the West for granted .
When foreign credit dried up for Brazil years ago , the only way to avoid bankruptcy was to call in the IMF .
Belarus 's economy can function only if Russia subsidizes energy prices and allocates non-repayable credits .
Thus , when Russia banned imports of Belarusian dairy products -LRB- in an attempt to punish Lukashenko for accepting a $ 2,000,000,000 credit but not fulfilling his promise to recognize South Ossetia and Abkhazia -RRB- , Lukashenko refused to attend a CSTO summit or join its collective agreement for the establishment of an operational response force .
China 's remarkable growth has been financed recently by a rapid expansion of money and bank credit that is producing an increasingly unsustainable investment boom .
What China really needs is a truly independent monetary policy oriented to domestic objectives . This would enable the PBC to manage domestic demand by allowing interest rates to rise in order to rein in credit growth and deter reckless investment .
Monitoring of monetary -LRB- and credit -RRB- targets would still be important in achieving the inflation objective .
During the early transition years , the lack of an effective monetary-policy framework reflected the challenge of establishing new institutions and regulations , as well as the difficulty of overcoming the legacy of central planning , under which budget and credit financing were indistinguishable .
It is inevitably a long road from a starting point where credits are channeled to state-owned enterprises through state-owned banks to an economic environment in which interest rates are a proper indicator of monetary policy .
The main transmission mechanism is the dependence of other economies on exports to the US and on global credit markets centred on the US , mostly in New York .
Key central banks including the European Central Bank promised to ease monetary policy to stave off a global recession , and injected immediate extra liquidity into the financial system , which should prevent any settlement or credit crunch caused by the disruption to America 's financial system .
According to the credit card provider MasterCard , by 2010 China 's middle class will number 100 million , each with discretionary spending of $ 5,590 , and 7.5 million affluent people , each with $ 13,500 to spend .
If a decent credit culture can be created , people can have access to tomorrow 's income today .
Consumer credit began in China only in the late 1990 's , with regulations allowing banks to offer mortgage loans , which now amount to about 10 % of total loans .
Loans for education and car purchases are now also possible , and 2 % of households have credit cards , which is obviously still low compared to 75 % in the United States , but there were no such households just five years ago .
Although debit cards remain far more common , banks like China Merchants Bank have been aggressive in issuing real credit cards .
A key problem with the credit card rollout is that the payment system is not yet in place .
However , outstanding credit on cards is growing , more than quadrupling year on year in 2004 , to 0.18 % of GDP , according to the consulting firm McKinsey .
First , banks still have few reliable means of checking borrowers ' creditworthiness , including previous loans from other banks .
The same applies to real-estate agents , social workers , and managers of credit-card accounts .
But it is a risky proposition : if investors exit nonetheless , the required funds might be so large that creditor countries ' taxpayers ' revolt .
The key problem is simple : until 2008 , these countries enjoyed a long boom based on cheap and plentiful credit , which allowed them to finance large current-account deficits .
The three small Baltic EU members provide an alternative model : they had developed current-account deficits of over 20 % of GDP during the credit boom , and over the last three years have experienced double-digit GDP contractions .
Labor-market liberalization would allow firms in the domestic sector to fire workers more rapidly , but would do little to encourage export-oriented firms to invest more and create more jobs , especially when the domestic banking system is under stress and can not provide new credit .
The broader message of the Greek move is that `` coordination '' has so far been a code word for almost total control by creditors -LRB- sometimes together with the ECB -RRB- .
The attempt to impose a benevolent creditors ' dictatorship is now being met by a debtors ' revolt .
A debtor 's strongest negotiating asset is always that creditors can not contemplate default , because default would bring down the entire financial system .
But , with an exchange à la Brady bonds , the losses to financial institutions would be limited -LRB- and could be controlled by the choice of the haircut given to creditors -RRB- .
Ideally , one should base the contributions on market indicators of default risk . But the very existence of the EMF would distort credit-default swap spreads and yield differentials among EMF members .
As for Europe , the Kirchner 's have not yet paid off Argentina 's debt -- pending since the default -- to the Paris Club of sovereign creditors .
All of this hinders foreign investment and access to international credit .
They will focus initially on sectors such as credit cards but could develop other joint ventures .
Alhough the Bank of China curtailed its lending growth to only 6 % last year because of concerns about credit quality , many new local banks have expanded their lending aggressively , and could now suffer huge losses as the economy slows and firms ' solvency weakens .
The recent capital-spending boom produced a burst of speculative lending in 2003 and 2004 because the banking system was still state-owned and responsive to political pressure -- until the government itself imposed credit controls in April 2004 to prevent a sharp upsurge in non-performing loans .
They are likely to place much greater emphasis on consumer lending , especially mortgages and credit cards .
Until recently , an exchange-rate peg dominated China 's monetary policy , with interest rates unchanged for nine years until October 2004 , as the government attempted to manage lending through administrative guidance and credit controls .
If applied , bank capital will be scarcer , the flow of credit slower , and bank fees higher in countries with pretty stable financial sectors , simply because others have spent a fortune to support their financial systems -- and because the European Commission never misses an opportunity to unify rules across the EU .
Millions of customers have willingly relied on them for their debit and credit payments , and simply have not found reason to switch to the SEPA system , with its different codes , abbreviations , and symbols .
How to do this is left up to the new leaders , who are often credited with goodness and powers of persuasion they never had and never will have .
In the decision to send British forces to defend Sierra Leone from a barbaric invasion from Liberia , he faced down all those who warned of disaster and won great moral credit .
Serbian President Boris Tadic deserves great credit for this action , especially since his good friend Zoran Djindjic , then prime minister of Serbia , was assassinated in 2003 as a direct result of his courage in arresting Milosevic and sending him to The Hague in 2001 .
Americans spend too much and save too little , leaving a $ 250 billion trade deficit financed by other countries . Much of this credit comes from China , where firms and citizens save too much and consume too little , leaving a surplus of both goods and capital that flows abroad .
The whole notion of democracy has been eroded and discredited , with the radicalization that engulfs many Muslim societies now spilling over into their emigrant communities in the West .
The monetary analysis pillar comprises all information coming from various monetary and credit aggregates and serves to figure out the risks to price stability over the medium - to long-run .
Many studies have also shown that there is hardly any major asset price inflation episode which was not accompanied if not preceded by strong growth of money and\/or credit .
It was not the invention of the steam engine alone that deserves the credit .
Zhao 's allies are not out to `` humiliate China . '' Rather , like those around the world who believe China deserves credit for its impressive achievements -- indeed , like Liu Xiaobo himself -- they want their country to develop governing institutions befitting its growing economic stature .
At the beginning of the current credit crunch , many historically minded people picked 1907 as the key precedent .
Depositors with the British bank Northern Rock blame American developments for the credit turbulence that made it impossible for the bank to continue to fund its lending .
If today 's credit crunch has historical parallels , they are closer to nineteenth-century `` normal crises '' like 1837 , 1847 , or 1857 .
The credit crunch of 2008 is a turning point because it has exposed serious weaknesses in the financial sector -- the main driver of economic growth in recent decades .
Regulatory and supervisory functions will be handled -- as they have been in the wake of the credit crunch -- by intensified testing of responses to hypothetical situations -LRB- the failure of a big counter-party , a geo-political upheaval , etc. -RRB- .
The story of the credit crunch often has also been the familiar tale from previous financial crises of the flawed individual or the rogue trader .
It came as point five in a ten-point program . Point five , which was preceded by `` confiscation of the property of all emigrants and rebels , '' was `` centralization of credit in the hands of the State , by means of a national bank with State property and an exclusive monopoly . ''
The major problem in the aftermath of today 's financial crisis is that banks are no longer providing credit for many transactions needed in the basic operation of the economy .
Even pro-market commentators have taken up the cry that the market will not provide the needed credit .
It was part of the standard armory of early modern European states as they dealt with their creditors .
More recently , in the early 1980 's , the International Monetary Fund and the central banks in the big industrial countries teamed up to pressure banks into extending more credit to the big Latin American debtor countries .
The result of credit compulsion was rather paradoxical .
But its acolytes should reflect on the uniformly disastrous results of centralized credit provision in the past .
That , in turn , merely drove down prices further , leading to more credit rationing , bankruptcies , and bank failures .
We see this in the current discussion about the distributional effects of rescuing the automobile industry ; or the worry that hedge funds , which are widely blamed for today 's financial malaise , should have access to the Fed 's emergency credit lines .
Since it is an economic crisis , most people seeking its intellectual roots are tempted to begin with economists , who , with a few exceptions , look particularly discredited .
In today 's credit crunch , as in the Great Depression , central banks lend at practically zero interest rates .
Lenders -LRB- the bankers -RRB- are suspicious , worried about creditworthiness , and demand high risk premia .
As a consequence , in most countries , credit is still contracting .
But inflation targeting was never an obvious concept , and the financial crisis has discredited it .
China can handle its large banks , even if they have large portfolios of poor credits .
The continuation of the current crisis is likely to produce more foreign-exchange crises , as governments ' creditworthiness and the position of their banks go hand in hand .
In 1974 , the touted Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition never materialized , as the Liberal Democrats were wary of hitching their fortunes to an unpopular and discredited politician .
There is again a major economic problem , the end of a credit-driven boom , and a threat to the banks -LRB- except that it all looks much bigger , owing to the financial system 's massive growth and internationalization -RRB- .
FLORENCE -- The stress tests applied to American banks last year are widely credited with restoring financial stability in the United States and removing the fear that major financial institutions might fail .
It was the complete collapse of trade credit that sent global commerce into a tailspin for half a year after the failure of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 .
Now , too , as borrowers find credit increasingly difficult to obtain , and as resentment toward banks -- and those responsible for regulating them -- grows accordingly , we can expect demands for political intervention to alter the distribution of credit .
Fortunately , larger companies are now less dependent on bank credit than they were in the past , thanks to a well-developed market for commercial paper that in effect bypasses traditional bank loans .
None of these favored categories of credit allocation produce the dynamism and innovation that is needed for long-term , self-sustaining growth .
Great Britain had been the hegemonic power of the nineteenth century , but its creditor status had been severely eroded by the cost of fighting World War I.
The United States had emerged from the war as the world 's largest creditor , but it had a double vulnerability .
US financial institutions should have continued to lend to distressed borrowers , in order to prevent a spiral in which credit rationing forced price reductions and intensified world deflation .
Instead , US banks , widely blamed for the international lending boom that preceded the bust , were so intimidated and weakened that the flow of American credit stopped .
When that bubble collapses , it will hit not just the weaker countries -- the equivalent of sub-prime mortgages -- but also stronger creditors .
Such proposals were widely discussed in the 1990 's and early 2000 's , and IMF Deputy Managing Director Anne Krueger pushed a Sovereign Debt Restructuring Mechanism that would have offered a legal path to imposing general haircuts on creditors , thereby ending the collective-action problems that impede the efficient resolution of sovereign bankruptcy .
A brief history of the concept , and a comparison with another term that also became discredited by overuse , helps to explain what happened .
Or were conservative US anti-abortionists justified in sending actors with a false story into the offices of Planned Parenthood in order to discredit their opponents ?
Many countries in the early 1930 's had terrible bank runs , which inflicted immense and immediate damage , decimating employment by bringing down businesses that were fundamentally creditworthy .
They anticipate revenue in order to appear creditworthy .
If creditor banks were unwilling to accept some form of restructuring , they would have to put in new money .
There is now a need to break decisively with the discredited political logic that drives such decisions .
The impulse simply to cut the Gordian knot of debt by defaulting on it is much stronger when creditors are remote and unknown .
They depended much less on foreign creditors than on domestic lenders .
In particular , recognition of the rights of parliament -- of a representative assembly -- ensured that the agents of the creditor classes would have permanent control of the budgetary process .
They could thus guarantee -- also on behalf of other creditors -- that the state 's finances were solid , and that debts would be repaid .
In short , the financial revolution of the modern world was built on a political order -- which anteceded a full transition to universal democracy -- in which the creditors formed the political class .
With the liberalization of global financial markets that began in the 1970 's , foreign sources of credit became available .
In the 1930 's , during and after the Great Depression , a strong feeling that the creditors were illegitimate and unethical bloodsuckers accompanied widespread default .
That is the mechanism that reduces the incentives to expropriate the creditor , and makes debt secure and cheap .
And that is why many of them could be paying much more for credit tomorrow .
In some cases , as in the Ottoman Empire or Egypt , creditors restructured finances by force or the threat of it . But gunboat diplomacy was not necessarily a part of the resolution of debt problems .
Money from the international financial institutions was complemented by new money that creditor banks were supposed to put up as part of the price of being `` rescued '' by the IMF .
Private-sector lending became hard to mobilize , because there were many more creditors than in the bank-dominated world of the 1980 's , when negotiations could be conducted by just a few big players .
So are both types of capitalism discredited by a mire of deceit and bankruptcy ?
Many were stripped of their responsibilities , and the persons involved were discredited .
Though largely discredited inside the country , this militant movement still has a following around the world , and further protests may come at any time and in unpredictable forms .
He assured Chinese leaders that the United States is committed to honoring all its debts , despite its recent credit downgrade ; he talked enthusiastically about US-China interdependence ; and he showcased his granddaughter , who has studied Chinese for several years , as a future bridge between the two countries .
By levying a tax on consumption at each stage of the production chain , America could reduce the overconsumption that helped feed the recent credit bubble , encouraging savings and investment instead .
It is no surprise that the ECB is now Ireland 's largest creditor -- through buying up its government bonds .
The quid pro quo for this easy ECB money is that the Irish government must protect European creditors who would otherwise face large losses .
The Fund is also hoping to establish a new `` Global Stabilization Mechanism '' to provide credit lines to regional groupings -LRB- like the EU -RRB- .
Investors in Brazil are being offered yields around 11 % , while similar credit risks in the US are paying no more than 2-3 % .
The Germans , responding to the understandable public backlash against taxpayer-financed bailouts for banks and indebted countries , are sensibly calling for mechanisms to permit `` wider burden sharing '' -- meaning losses for creditors .
How long does default last before the country can reach an agreement with its creditors ?
Bond-market participants naturally turn now to calculating `` recovery values '' -- what creditors will get if countries default today .
But a sovereign default would require a much larger bank bailout than in Greece , potentially leaving private debt almost worthless if official debt has seniority . Total haircuts do n't happen historically -- except in the wake of communist takeovers -- but it is hard to imagine that private creditors wo n't suffer huge losses in net present value .
Likewise , an IMF program for Ireland -- which seems increasingly likely -- will not bring down domestic bond yields and reopen credit markets to any kind of Irish borrower .
The reason is simple : a government default would destroy the credit system as we know it .
Private credit , moreover , would disappear from the US economic system , confronting the Federal Reserve with an unpleasant choice .
Either it could step in and provide an enormous amount of credit directly to households and firms -LRB- much like Gosbank , the Soviet Union 's central bank -RRB- , or it could stand by idly while GDP falls 20-30 % -- the magnitude of decline that we have seen in modern economies when credit suddenly dries up .
America 's ability to export would also be undermined , because foreign markets would likely be affected , and because , in any case , if export firms can not get credit , they most likely can not produce .
The answer is almost certainly the private sector , given its dependence on credit to purchase inputs .
Issuing money in this situation would almost certainly be inflationary , but the Fed might conclude otherwise , because the US has never been in this situation before , credit is now imploding , and the desperate credit-expansion measures implemented in 2008 proved not to be as bad as the critics feared .
Ireland , Europe 's -LRB- Celtic -RRB- tiger over the last decade , grew in part due to large credit inflows into its `` Banking Real Estate Complex . ''
Instead of making the creditors of private banks take haircuts , the Irish government chose to transfer the entire debt burden onto taxpayers .
Reckless lending to the Greek state was based on European creditors ' terrible decision-making .
Default teaches creditors -- and their governments -- a lesson , just as it does the debtors : mistakes cost money , and your mistakes are your own .
After tough negotiations , the government and its creditors would probably eventually slash Greece 's debt in half .
A default would also appropriately place part of the costs of Greece 's borrowing spree on creditors .
Ultimately , by teaching creditors a necessary lesson , a default within the euro zone might actually turn out to be a key step toward creating a healthier European -- and global -- financial system .
In this context , `` resolution '' means that a bank 's managers are fired , shareholders are wiped out , and unsecured creditors can suffer losses .
You have Senator Dodd 's Resolution Authority and you enter the decisive meeting determined not to save the troubled bank -- or , at worst , to save it with a substantial `` haircut '' -LRB- i.e. , losses -RRB- for unsecured creditors .
This is exactly what happened when Lehman Brothers failed in September 2008 , and what happened when AIG was taken over by the US government -LRB- actually in a resolution-type structure , with losses implied for creditors -RRB- two days later .
He or she may have promised , even in public , that creditors would face losses , but on the edge of the precipice , which way will you , the beleaguered adviser , urge the president to go ?
Or will you pull back and find some ingenious way to save the bank and protect its creditors using public money or the Federal Reserve or some other emergency power ?
And of course the credit markets know this , so they lend more cheaply to JP Morgan Chase and other megabanks than to smaller banks that really can fail .
And the bigger they are , the safer creditors become -- you see where this goes .
Senator Carl Levin , chairman of the subcommittee that heard their testimony , evidently seeing eye to eye with Kaufman , was just as tough after a year-long investigation of Washington Mutual , Goldman , and the abject failures of bank regulators and credit rating agencies .
Similarly , if the eurozone had not stepped in -- with the help of the International Monetary Fund -- to protect Greece and its creditors in recent months , we would have faced further financial distress in Europe and perhaps more broadly .
This expectation lowers the cost of credit for megabanks today -LRB- relative to their competitors , which are small enough that they are more likely to be allowed to fail -RRB- .
As a result , all financial institutions gain a powerful incentive to bulk up -LRB- and borrow more -RRB- in hope of also becoming bigger and therefore `` safer '' -LRB- from creditors ' point of view , not from a social perspective . -RRB-
But he makes that legitimate point in vain : having rested its case on misjudgments , the administration now finds itself discredited by its own intelligence estimate .
They showed that McNamara had sent the manuscript to the American Ambassador in South Vietnam , Ellsworth Bunker , who requested a certain Bob Kelly to write an overall report , with a view to discrediting my reporting , and arranged to get The Atlantic magazine -LRB- where Bunker mistakenly thought my article was scheduled to appear -RRB- to `` withhold publication . ''
On the one side were liberals , `` a class of men sanguine in hope , bold in speculation , always pressing forward ... and disposed to give every change credit for being an improvement . '' On the other were conservatives , `` a class of men who cling with fondness to whatever is ancient , and who , even when convinced by overpowering reasons that innovation would be beneficial , consent to it with many misgivings and forebodings . ''
In many developing countries , village associations that are solely based on trust and peer pressure provide access to credit and insurance , guarantee help in times of distress , and facilitate the construction of public roads and sewage systems .
The reported abuse of micro-credits to pay dowries is one alarming example .
Moreover , prosecutors ' efforts to uncover the truth are not a campaign to discredit the Turkish army , as some allege ; nor has the exposure of `` Sledgehammer '' led to an emerging showdown between `` secularists '' and `` Islamists . ''
Eight months later , a military committee investigating the case concluded that the plan was , indeed , drafted to damage and discredit the AKP and government .
The legal investigations now underway do not mark a showdown between Islamists and secularists , nor are they a campaign to discredit Turkey 's generals .
While well intentioned , the new budget 's lavish loan forgiveness scheme will not help those farmers who most need relief : 80 % of India 's farmers have no access to formal credit , and it is bank loans that are to be forgiven .
Moreover , since farmers who do have access to formal credit will have less incentive to repay their loans , banks will become more reluctant to lend to any farmers at all .
That was the privilege of having the largest , most dynamic economy -- and one that acted as a world creditor .
The credit crisis exposed the flimsy foundations of the sustained growth that the US and Europe enjoyed during the past four to five years .
Few parts of Asia are structurally exposed to the credit implosion , and the balance sheets of Asian banks and companies are on the whole cleaner than their counterparts elsewhere .
Indeed , the IMF 's outstanding general resource account -LRB- GRA -RRB- credits to middle-income developing countries fell by an unprecedented 91 % from 2002 to 2007 , as richer developing countries gained access to sources of financing that were free of the Fund 's conditionality .
The public sector accounts for roughly 80 % of the economy , and relies mostly on now-plummeting oil revenue , while Iranian banks face a credit crisis , with Mahmoud Bahmani , the governor of the Iran Central Bank , estimating total delinquent payments to be $ 38 billion .
The Brazilian state offered low-interest loans and credit guarantees for the construction of distilleries , as well as tax incentives for the purchase of ethanol-powered vehicles .
Credit histories can not be shared , because a credit bureau is just getting started .
True , Putin has concentrated in his own hands more decision-making authority than at any time in Russia 's post-Soviet history . But most Russians think he is a great leader , crediting him with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
Russians who are dissatisfied with the system still have a limited choice : either support marginal , weak , and discredited oppositional candidates , or , hoping for modernization from the top , side with the very system they oppose .
And while there are signs that mature economies are recovering from the panic that froze credit markets , we are by no means beyond the danger zone .
Emerging markets and other developing countries will need oxygen in the form of credit lines and trade financing .
To Serbia 's credit , the Ministry made its policy decision knowing that the change would require belt-tightening elsewhere in its budget , but it took the action because it concluded that protecting human rights was more important than saving a few dinars .
The position fell vacant after senior officials , many of them Gabonese , were discredited in an embezzlement scandal that erupted in October 2009 .
The scale of China 's defeat stunned Deng , and historians often credit the PLA 's miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at China 's moribund Maoist system .
Opening negotiations with the Paris Club over the debts that the country renounced in 2002 , and appealing to the International Monetary Fund for technical assistance to give credibility and transparency to official statistics , would contribute to normalizing access to international credit markets .
As international capital and credit markets grew and Europeans increasingly allowed capital to move freely , it became impossible for them to control their money supplies .
To avoid crisis , China must rein in excessive credit growth and the overheating that results from it .
Although China will eventually lose its ability to control the supply of renminbi , because capital controls remain in place , China -- unlike Germany 's government in the early 1970 's -- can still control the supply of credit and inflow of foreign capital .
Now , to his credit , Trichet has done something about this long-standing problem , although not without ruffling some feathers in the process .
The EU deserves great credit for this transformation .
It is hard to imagine that higher interest rates and reduced credit availability will not lead to distress for Europe 's overall economy .
By pumping in whatever liquidity the financial sector needs to alleviate the credit crunch , the ECB is effectively maintaining a deflationary bias for the financial sector , whereas it has announced an inflationary bias for the rest of the economy .
With communism discredited and Catholicism waning , the connection - mental , psychological , even spiritual - of the land with defense of the fatherland , appears to be Poland 's last political certainty .
Lee also must confront factors beyond his control , such as soaring oil prices and the global credit crunch .
In contrast to 1929 , credits are not now being throttled ; on the contrary , public money is being pumped into banks and the economy .
To his credit , Clinton and his staff decided , despite the violence , to make one last attempt in Taba , Egypt late in his presidency .
Pulling away from dictators without trying to take credit for or hijack the revolt was exactly what was required .
When Japan 's asset-price bubble burst in 1990-91 , Japanese investors pulled out of the US-leading to a credit crunch and the mild recession that torpedoed President Bush 's re-election hopes in 1992 .
The other parties made it easier for him by discrediting each other , failing even to defend their own achievements over the previous 20 years .
Convinced that he can increase production and employment , Morales has forced the central bank to give credit on favorable terms to state-owned companies .
In its current state , cap-and-trade schemes to reduce emissions are far from being fair and effective ; a major improvement would include establishing a Central Climate Bank to register and supervise the transfer of emissions credits .
This bank would also ensure that emissions trading did not run counter to the goal of remaining within the entire global budget , for example via the complete sale of unused emissions credits by individual developing countries at the beginning of the contract period .
President Yoweri Museveni , who is widely credited for integrating Uganda into world markets , has said that globalization is `` the same old order with new means of control , new means of oppression , new means of marginalization '' by rich countries seeking to secure access to developing country markets .
Even before the recent global financial crisis and subsequent recession , governments around the world provided support to the private sector through direct subsidies , tax credits , or loans from development banks in order to bolster growth and support job creation .
Three Paths to America President George W. Bush 's free-falling popularity , his loss of control over Congress , the nagging doubts about the economy , and most of all his discredited reputation as a result of the debacle in Iraq all magnify the characteristic weakness of lame-duck American presidents .
Roberto Shapiro , a former number two in the Clinton-era Department of Commerce and a man close to the Democratic Party , is now co-chairman of the United States Taskforce for Argentina , an alliance of investment funds and institutional creditors who were hit hard by Argentina 's default on its international debts .
Indeed , there are talks centered on debt , with some creditors interested in the mechanics of capitalization .
· Although Sweden 's experience concerned shares in companies used as collateral for credit , rather than bonds or similar financial instruments , this situation will likely arise in many countries today as the crisis continues , more companies go bankrupt , and banks recall their collateral and take possession of shares in indebted companies .
Prime Minister Golda Meir , Defense Minister Moshe Dayan , Israel Defense Forces -LRB- IDF -RRB- Chief of Staff David Elazar , and the chief of military intelligence were all discredited and soon replaced .
President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono deserves great credit for this remarkable success .
Some credit the 2004 tsunami , which killed hundreds of thousands of Acehnese , for this breakthrough .
The US went from owing $ 3 billion -LRB- mostly to Great Britain -RRB- to being a net creditor for about the same amount , thanks to $ 6 billion in war credits given to the Western Allies .
A further $ 3 billion in credits for European post-war reconstruction cemented America 's status as the world 's premier creditor nation , with its surplus equal to roughly 8 % of GNP at the time .
Indeed , the US remained the world 's premier creditor nation until 1986-1987 , when it became a debtor nation again .
The Swedish economist Axel Leijonhufvud foresaw asset-price inflation -- houses in particular -- and a worsening of credit quality .
It is enough to remember that in 2008 there were only 12 public companies in the world with AAA credit ratings , but more than 60,000 -- mostly American -- triple-A structured financial products .
Here , there is also a technical aspect that must be taken into account : it is much easier to constrain consumption through wage contraction or lower credit expansion than it is to stimulate it , especially if the high propensity to save in some surplus countries reflects cultural and institutional factors .
Hatoyama 's assertiveness vis-à-vis the US is in accord with Japan 's position as the world 's largest creditor with the least damaged banking sector .
Moreover , several African countries have received ratings from credit agencies , which has opened up global financial centers to them .
Across Africa , almost all governments praise -- some honestly , some not -- economic modernization as the cornerstone of prosperity and the yardstick by which their effectiveness should be measured . Many boast of the modernity of the financial infrastructure of their economies , which is based on an entire set of legal , regulatory , accounting , credit reporting , and payment and settlement systems .
A high-value inter-bank funds-transfer system settles transactions in real time , eliminates credit risk between system participants , increases circulation of funds , and enhances monetary-policy implementation .
Micro-finance institutions provide the only credit lines open to informal operators .
This translates into a solidarity network and a support mechanism that mitigates credit risk and encourages payment discipline . Credit repayment in well-managed micro-finance institutions is around 95 % . All studies undertaken in the area have also revealed that women are not only the most active among informal-sector entrepreneurs , but they are also quicker to meet their commitments .
But , partly because several African countries have escaped the hang-over from the global credit crisis , more investors are focusing on business opportunities there .
Throughout the 1960 's and 1970 's , sizeable export earnings , combined with easy access to credit , fueled an economic surge dubbed the `` Ivorian miracle . ''
This implies active complicity between creditors -LRB- the OECD countries and their financial institutions , especially the IMF and the World Bank -RRB- and borrowers -LRB- African governments -RRB- .
Capital flight provides creditors with the resources they need to finance additional loans to the countries from which these resources originated in the first place - a scheme known as `` round-tipping '' or `` back-to-back '' loans .
Well-functioning credit markets require that lenders face the consequences of irresponsible or politically motivated lending .
Second , creditors may retaliate by withdrawing subsequent lending .
The IMF can cut off not only its own credit , but also most loans from the larger World Bank , other multilateral lenders , rich country governments , and even much of the private sector .
Despite repeated threats from the IMF , Argentina took a hard line with foreign creditors , who were owed $ 100 billion .
While most Asian countries have had relatively limited direct exposure to mortgage-related assets , deleveraging by foreign investors and slowing external demand have simultaneously created tighter credit conditions and lower expectations for growth .
The G-7 action plan aims to restore the flow of credit by securing interbank lending , and coordinated central bank actions have provided unprecedented levels of liquidity to the market .
A second problem for regulators , supervisors , and , indeed , credit rating agencies was scarce resources .
Incentives for brokers and credit rating agencies have been even more perverse .
Financed via Special Purpose Entities , mortgages were parceled up in debt packages and securitized entities in which neither originators nor sponsors retained any material long-term stake but paid credit rating agencies to award a nice little ribbon marked AAA .
This will require thorough independent due diligence on securitizations , proper cash-flow sensitivity analysis , and less reliance on credit rating agencies paid by issuers .
It restrains excessive credit expansion during booms , while reducing the risk of bank failure or a much diminished capital base in recessions , thereby enabling bank lending to kick-start a sustainable recovery .
Sustained appreciation of a creditor country 's currency against the world 's dominant money is a recipe for a slowdown in economic growth , followed by eventual deflation , as Japan found in the 1990 's -- with no obvious decline in its large relative trade surplus .
The system was dead already , and it is to Yeltsin 's great credit that he was able to bring Russia out of the ruins in one piece .
The world 's most populous country is the largest foreign creditor of the US government and government-sponsored enterprises such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
The Chinese surplus , on the other hand , being heavily skewed towards US government bonds , primarily boosts personal consumption -- a process whose apotheosis came in the early 2000 's , as the Bush administration 's tax cuts , together with cash-out home refinancing and home-equity loans , turned US sovereign debt into consumer credit .
Of course , the demand generated by Chinese credit also fosters economic growth , but mostly in China , owing to booming exports to the US .
As with any creditor who makes an unwise investment , the banks and pension funds should pay the price .
But Europe 's 10-year-old Lisbon strategy to secure global high-tech leadership is widely discredited , which is a further reason to include a large R&D component in any EU-wide industrial program .
To make its case for a continued global leadership role , America must , however , step up to the plate . While the go-it-alone impulse of the Bush administration has been discredited by its consequences , the inverse lessons regarding how important collaborative action is in today 's interconnected world are still being learned .
Other reports credited him with subsequently organizing both their trial and a firing squad -- even before the legal proceedings began .
The International Monetary Fund credits Asian intra-regional trade as the main factor behind its recent export boom and strong economic growth .
This would pay for the residual costs of a large institution 's failure after its capital has fallen to zero and , presumably , creditors ' claims have been wiped out -LRB- though some proposals are ambiguous , leaving room for at least some relief for creditors -RRB- .
The only way to avoid this undesirable result is credibly to exclude all support for shareholders and creditors of a financial institution heading toward bankruptcy .
Only in this manner will shareholders and creditors have a sufficiently strong incentive to monitor management and keep a tight lid on risk-taking by banks or other financial intermediaries .
Once it is accepted that shareholders and creditors deserve no relief , the resolution fund simply becomes deposit insurance .
Retail depositors are the only creditors in the financial system that deserve ample , if not full , protection against the mistakes of their bankers .
But the key point is that no reckless exposure would be possible in a system where shareholders and creditors knew that they would not be bailed out , and supervisors were not allowed to gamble on resurrection of their supervised entities , but rather were obliged to call them to account as soon as they started misbehaving .
The authorities are complementing moderate fiscal tightening with macro-prudential credit-restraining measures and an array of -LRB- mostly tax-based -RRB- capital controls .
This argument , long discredited , resonates in the actions of the Iraqi insurgents and their fanatical allies .
Constitutional patriotism , a concept developed by two German philosophers , Dolf Sternberger and Karl Jaspers , was intended to replace the nationalism that had been discredited in Germany by the country 's Nazi past .
Isolating and further constraining a portion of the banking system , so that the channels of credit intermediation are less prone to complete and simultaneous breakdown , also seems likely .
The best way to implement this strategy is to use a `` carbon credit trading system '' in the advanced countries , with each advanced country receiving a certain amount of carbon credits to determine its permissible emission levels .
If a country exceeds its level of emissions , it must buy additional credits from other countries that achieve emissions lower than their permitted levels .
But an advanced country could also undertake mitigation efforts in the developing world and thus earn additional credits equal to the full value of its mitigation efforts -LRB- thus allowing more emissions at home -RRB- .
As for developing countries , while they would not have explicit credits or targets until they graduate to advanced-country status , they would know that at some point -LRB- say , when their carbon emissions reach the average level of advanced countries -RRB- they would be included in the global system of restrictions .
In advanced countries , governments will eventually be forced to reduce spending , and central banks will withdraw from emergency credit provisions and guarantees .
Risk spreads have declined from their mid-crisis highs , but credit in many sectors remains tight or barely available , while the financial sector is set to become more conservative -- and is likely to be re-regulated with higher capital , reserve , and margin requirements .
That is evident from their credit ratings .
Greece boasts by far the lowest credit rating in the euro zone .
Indeed , those scores mean that Greece is much less creditworthy than for example Botswana and Malaysia , which are rated A + .
Accredited or not , they should stand in solidarity with the people of Zimbabwe at this crucial moment , act as witnesses to the deteriorating pre-election environment , and serve as a bulwark against any escalation of state brutality during and after the vote .
As Prime Minister from 1981 to 1989 , he was credited for steering Iran through the crises of the early revolutionary period and the Iran-Iraq war .
The sole concern of these lavishly-funded front organizations was to sell Saddam Hussein abroad and discredit his opponents .
A factor that contributed to their demise was a shift in thinking that transformed the conflict between East and West away from one that emphasized economic systems . Instead , it was the contrast between totalitarianism and respect for rights that completely discredited the oppressive regimes linked to Moscow and helped to bring them down .
The new UN Human Rights Council has so far disappointed those who hoped that it would be a more principled and effective body than its discredited predecessor , the UN Human Rights Commission .
Although the most high-profile defendants , Slobodan Milosevic and Vojislav Seselj , are doing their best to discredit the tribunal , they will fail . The charge of bias is simply not sustainable .
Had China put pressure on the Burmese junta to stop slaughtering its own people , it would have earned substantial moral credit around the world .
Western reporting , once commended for its veracity , now seems discredited across China , although sympathetic coverage of the loss of life in Sichuan may have redeemed the Western media somewhat .
The Kibaki government should be acknowledged for gracefully conceding defeat , but true credit goes to the Kenyan public for its unwillingness to allow the authorities to dispense with the rule of law .
Significant progress must be made in Africa to advance both women 's empowerment and their status in society -- particularly with regard to land and credit .
She has no insurance against erratic weather patterns , gets no subsidies , and has no access to credit .
The credit freeze is partly the work of bankers and hedge fund managers who acted just like Nadya Suleman , leveraging the present for an unrealizable future . But it is also the result of ordinary Americans , who ran up more credit card debt than any previous generation .
President Charles Taylor 's resignation from Liberia 's presidency and his exile in Nigeria is not only a welcome relief for the war-torn land he so misruled , but also perhaps a bellwether for other discredited dictators .
All of this discredited the negative views promulgated by the Soviet media .
While the Iraq War discredited the idea of coercive democratization , both Republicans and Democrats have a strong strand of idealism in their foreign policy orientations .
The G-8 , for example , is often credited with helping to advance international trade rounds , addressing public health issues , and increasing aid to Africa .
Conversely , Ronald Reagan 's performance in his debate with Carter in 1980 is often credited with his victory .
After all , the key to successful leadership is to surround oneself with good people , empower them by delegating authority , and then claim credit for their accomplishments .
China 's increased financial power may have increased its ability to resist American entreaties , but despite dire predictions , its creditor role has not been sufficient to compel the US to change its policies .
Japan also became the world 's largest creditor and largest donor of foreign aid .
Though these claims are easily discredited , the `` Yes '' side has been unable to provide voters with sufficient reasons to vote for the Treaty .
Industrialized economies are seeking to recover from the crisis , and want credit and capital to stay home to boost growth , while developing countries have little interest in gaining short-term capital inflows .
Regulations should also have a strong counter-cyclical focus , preventing excessive accumulation of leverage and increasing capital and provisions -LRB- reserves -RRB- during booms , as well as preventing asset price bubbles from feeding into credit expansion .
But any summons to a `` Bretton Woods II '' conference must be concrete in its content . A global system for prudential regulation and supervision ; a revamped IMF managing a global reserve currency , coordinating global macroeconomic policy , and providing agile credit lines ; and an international debt court -- all of these must be on the agenda .
It would also be a much better mechanism with which to finance the IMF during crises than the credit lines to the IMF from a few countries -LRB- `` arrangements to borrow '' -RRB- that the G-20 is again advocating , as it is truly multilateral financing that does not depend on any individual country .
The IMF took steps in this direction in March , particularly by creating the Flexible Credit Line for crisis-prevention purposes , as well as expanding other credit lines and overhauling conditionality -LRB- relying more on ex-ante conditionality and eliminating structural performance criteria -RRB- .
The major problem with the new credit line is that it runs the risk of unduly dividing developing countries into two categories , with significant additional risks for the latter .
So far during the financial crisis and ensuing recession , the US has been incapable of kick-starting credit growth , the major transmission mechanism by which monetary expansion feeds through to domestic economic activity .
To President Jonathan 's credit , he delivered clean elections .
While the current yield on 10-year Polish government bonds of 4.7 % appears to be at the edge of meeting the Maastricht long-term interest-rate benchmark , sustainability will depend on the fiscal policy outlook and on the overall credit risk .
It will include direct financing , credit enhancements , and guarantees -- a subsidy to a sector known for its risky non-performing operations at the ADB -- as well as business-friendly regulations and removal of market `` barriers , '' which include social and labor rights .
If she manages to rebuild Olmert 's coalition and become Israel 's next prime minister , Livni 's initial credit at home and abroad will be outstanding .
Exceptionally favorable economic conditions worldwide at this time no doubt helped significantly , but the real credit must go to a government that stuck to its liberalizing instincts .
You want credit where it 's due , and you want to control the game , because you have so much more to show and to support your arguments .
Now you have to publish your entire theory right away , before someone else gets the credit . It nearly kills you , but you get the book out -- only an abstract of the magnum opus that you had planned -- by the end of the next year .
We know that extremely low real interest rates produce massive expansion of credit .
To stem this flood of credit-induced demand with fiscal policy alone is impossible , and it is absurd to try .
How do you tighten fiscal policy to make up for more than 100 % of GDP in credit-induced spending power in only three years , as occurred in Ireland in 2004-2007 -- and in a democracy sporting a fiscal surplus , as Ireland is ?
In the US , this has complicated the Federal Reserve 's task . The Fed has been trying to slow demand growth and cool the housing price bubble to avoid inflation , but carry trade speculators have been easing credit .
Borrowing is also supported by an easing of credit standards and new financial products that increase leverage and widen the range of assets that can be borrowed against .
Meanwhile , prolonged low interest rates contributed to a `` chase for yield '' in the financial sector that resulted in disregard of credit risk .
But the greatest damage may come from the credit default swaps -LRB- CDS -RRB- market that brought down AIG .
Legal problems could also be overcome in the short term by designing Eurobonds to include credit guarantees , repayment priorities , and the use of specific tax streams as collateral .
He is an interesting man , a genuine intellectual driven by his inner demons both to flay those who pay insufficient credit to his transformational role in Australian politics and to expose what he regards as waffle and myths .
The explosions over Gaza that night were not intended to entertain , but rather to break Hamas and discredit it in the eyes of Palestinians .
Fatah , and Palestinian moderates like President Mahmoud Abbas , have been totally discredited .
Bush 's presidency was discredited and sunk by the man whom he fatally selected to work for him .
Brown , who became prime minister in 2007 , let spending and borrowing rip , so that when the global crash hit Britain was already suffering from a structural fiscal deficit and a credit bubble .
But just think how different everything would look if America had a trade surplus and a more manageable level of domestic borrowing than the $ 14 trillion run-up in debt by credit-card holders before 2007 .
We discredit ourselves and important principles when we say things that we do not mean .
The mortgage crisis and the credit crunch have led to bailouts for the banks and the nationalization of housing finance and insurance .
And New Yorkers have grown accustomed to reading about subway heroes -- brave souls who leap onto the tracks to rescue fallen commuters and then often slip away , uncomfortable with attention or credit .
Booms have similar characteristics -- strong growth in banks ' balance sheets and credit , and therefore a rise in leverage .
There are many reasons why the market fails to correct systemic error , including that booms are always founded on a belief by both regulators and bankers that `` this time it is different . '' Let 's not forget the essays in central banks ' stability reports on how credit derivatives were benefiting the financial sector .
Credit risk is best hedged through diversification across uncorrelated credits .
But , while banks with short-term funding and many branches originating loans have a deep capacity for holding credit risks , they have a limited capacity for holding market risks , and little capacity for holding liquidity risk .
Insurance companies and pension funds , on the other hand , have limited capacity for credit risk , but more for market and liquidity risks .
While domestic credit booms may be a threat in the future , emerging-market banks have mostly remained immune from the fallout of the financial crisis .
Furthermore , tighter credit standards over a prolonged period are likely to fall disproportionately on cash-poor , fast-growing companies , with consequences for innovation , productivity , and ultimately growth potential .
Overall , however , the result is far from zero . Indeed , the US adopted wide-ranging financial reform in July , Europe is in the final steps of approval of its legislative package , and the Basel committee has just given the green light to a substantial tightening of credit-risk rules .
Even if this sounds unfair , it is logical to expect rating agencies , which had been lax in evaluating credit risk , now to be rigorous in assessing all forms of risk , including sovereign risk .
The goal should be to make self-insurance unnecessary by guaranteeing access to international credit lines in case of abrupt outflows of private capital .
The IMF started to do this when it created credit facilities without the Fund 's usual -LRB- and humiliating -RRB- conditionality .
As a result , ethnicity began to be weighed as a positive factor not only in university admissions , but also in public procurement decisions , credit facilities for small enterprises , and government hiring .
Brazil 's bosses are cheering as loudly as its trade unionists for Lula nowadays , which is no surprise given the huge sums being spent on infrastructure , owing to massive public spending , the lavish capital-expenditure program of Petrobras , Brazil 's state oil company , and credits provided by state-owned banks to low-income housing .
Consumption is being spurred by record-low unemployment rates , below 7 % , and by credit growth , which has doubled , from 22 % to 45 % of GDP , between 2002 and 2010 .
Thai Rak Thai 's populism featured income redistribution , cheap health care , micro-credit schemes , and a dazzling array of policy innovations that ushered Thailand into twenty-first-century globalization .
The remarkable 64-year reign of 83-year-old King Bhumibol Adulyadej deserves credited for Thailand 's unity and stability , which kept communism at bay and enabled steady economic development , warts and all .
The firms earn cap-and-trade carbon credits to fulfill their Kyoto requirements .
It would allow the central bank to raise interest rates aggressively to control runaway credit and investment growth , and keep inflation in check .
Moreover , although Muslim religious and secular leaders are able to isolate millenarian terrorists and undercut their popular support , they lack the moral capital to completely discredit nationalist extremists groups like Hamas and Islamic Jihad , as long as the Muslim laity shares some of their goals . To the powerless , nationalist suicide bombers look like a great equalizer .
Cooperatives , credit unions , and new forms of micro-financing could form networks that would ensure greater accessibility .
If Georgia 's new leaders fail to revive the country economically , and quickly , then the mythical allure of an authoritarian leader will be enhanced and democracy discredited .
It wants to pair the PPP with the discredited PML-Q and isolate the PML-N .
In the United States in the run up to the current crisis , easy credit , especially for housing , induced households to spend too much , while in Greece , the government borrowed its way into trouble .
One factor diminishing the likelihood of governments intervening more directly in markets is that the recent crisis seems to have discredited government as much as it discredited the financial sector .
The US is not alone in having a discredited government .
For example , households and investment managers , reluctant to keep money in safe money-market funds , instead seek to invest in securities with longer maturities and higher credit risk , so long as they offer extra yield .
Cynical as it might seem , easy credit has been used throughout history as a palliative by governments that are unable to address the deeper anxieties of the middle class directly .
In the US , the expansion of home ownership -- a key element of the American dream -- to low - and middle-income households was the defensible linchpin for the broader aims of expanding credit and consumption .
Directed housing credit was a policy with broader support , because each side thought that it would benefit .
More low-income housing credit has been one of the few issues on which President Bill Clinton 's administration , with its affordable-housing mandate , and that of President George W. Bush , with its push for an `` ownership '' society , agreed .
This is not , of course , the first time in history that credit expansion has been used to assuage the concerns of a group that is being left behind , nor will it be the last .
The deregulation and rapid expansion of banking in the US in the early years of the twentieth century was in many ways a response to the Populist movement , backed by small and medium-sized farmers who found themselves falling behind the growing numbers of industrial workers , and demanded easier credit .
Excessive rural credit was one of the important causes of bank failures during the Great Depression .
This is much harder than doling out credit , but more effective in the long run .
It is far wiser to distribute contracts widely and ensure that more Iraqi businesses gain access to credit . Clearly , many old financing institutions are compromised .
Similarly , the European Commission deemed subsidies to publicly-owned firms illegal if they distorted competition across member states , while the fiscal discipline imposed by the Euro ended pervasive general government credit subsidies -- the essential lubricant of relationship-based systems .
Incumbent financiers , meanwhile , have a powerful vested interest in opposing a market-based system , which favors credit evaluation and risk management over their main `` skill '' : being well connected .
In 1992 , Sweden 's central bank , the Riksbank , allowed private bank equity holders to be wiped out , but it rescued depositors and creditors by buying up risky assets of failing institutions .
Among his key proposals was the replacement of the largely discredited UN Commission on Human Rights -- a body that has no mechanism for excluding even notorious human-rights violators like Libya , Cuba , or Zimbabwe -- with a new Human Rights Council , where such embarrassments would in theory not be tolerated .
The pre-credit sequence shows a group of Spanish guerrillas during the insurgency against Napoleon being led to a wall where they are to be executed by firing squad .
Sclerotic companies were put on life-support credit lines by their zaibatsu -- like banking partners -- delaying their inevitable failure and perpetuating inefficiencies and disincentives that resulted in a post-bubble collapse in Japanese productivity growth .
All of this spells lasting damage to the credibility of Washington 's commitment to the `` full faith and credit '' of the US government .
As a result , banks distrust one another and have mostly stopped lending to each other , which jeopardizes economic activity by severely reducing the availability of credit to businesses .
This opened the way to options , selling and buying on credit , and derivatives of all kinds .
Today 's crisis marks the end of economic growth fueled only by credit .
Today 's Brazil is constrained by inadequate supply of credit .
Deregulation promised to spawn financial innovations that would enhance access to credit , enable greater portfolio diversification , and allocate risk to those most able to bear it . Supervision and regulation would stand in the way , liberalizers argued , and governments could not possibly keep up with the changes .
As a rule , broad governance reform is neither necessary nor sufficient for growth . It is not necessary , because what really works in practice is removing successive binding constraints , whether they are supply incentives in agriculture , infrastructure bottlenecks , or high credit costs .
Suppose , for example , that we identify macroeconomic instability as the binding constraint in a particular economy . In a previous era , an economic adviser might have recommended specific fiscal and monetary policies -- a reduction in fiscal expenditures or a ceiling on credit -- geared at restoring macroeconomic balances .
It is to Spence 's credit that the report manages to avoid both market fundamentalism and institutional fundamentalism .
Who would n't want credit markets to serve the cause of home ownership ?
We then call on credit rating agencies to certify that the less risky of these mortgage-backed securities are safe enough for pension funds and insurance companies to invest in .
Was the problem unscrupulous mortgage lenders who devised credit terms -- such as `` teaser '' interest rates and prepayment penalties -- that led unsuspecting borrowers into a debt trap ?
But what , then , were the credit rating agencies doing ?
As bad as things were , what caused credit markets to seize up was Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson 's refusal to bail out Lehman Brothers .
Brazil 's financial good behavior was rewarded as recently as April of this year when Standard & Poor 's raised its credit rating to investment-grade . -LRB- South Korea has been investment-grade for years . -RRB-
Left to their own devices , global financial markets provide too much credit at too cheap a price in good times , and too little credit in bad times . The only effective response is counter-cyclical capital-account management : discouraging foreign borrowing during economic upswings and preventing capital flight during downswings .
So , instead of frowning on capital controls and pushing for financial openness , the International Monetary Fund should be in the business of actively helping countries implement such policies . It should also enlarge its emergency credit lines to act more as a lender of last resort to developing nations hit by financial whiplash .
Under its capable managing director , Dominique Strauss-Kahn , the Fund has been one of the few official agencies ahead of -- instead of behind -- the curve . It moved quickly to establish a fast-disbursing emergency line of credit for countries with `` reasonable '' policies .
The US will be crippled by its high debt , under-performing economy , and discredited economic model .
When markets are in a euphoric state , they are in no position to exert discipline on any borrower , let alone a government with a reasonable credit rating .
If the world has not fallen off the protectionist precipice during the crisis , as it did during the 1930 's , much of the credit must go the social programs that conservatives and market fundamentalists would like to see scrapped .
It has acted as quickly as any international bureaucracy can to establish new lines of credit for battered emerging-market countries .
If Europe wants to devise its own rules for credit-rating agencies and hedge funds , it should simply go ahead .
To its credit , the IMF not only acknowledges this , but it also provides evidence that developing countries with capital controls were hit less badly by the fallout from the sub-prime mortgage meltdown .
And Greek banks and firms lose their creditworthiness alongside their government if markets perceive the latter to be insolvent .
They could not stop the Greek government from borrowing -LRB- indirectly -RRB- from the European Central Bank -LRB- ECB -RRB- as long as credit rating agencies deemed Greek debt creditworthy .
The ECB has lowered the threshold of creditworthiness that Greek government securities must meet in order to allow continued Greek borrowing .
When push comes to shove , domestic politics trumps foreign creditors .
All of these are highly uncertain , and require many assumptions to reach some form of judgment about creditworthiness .
Their supporters in the media have spewed a stream of disinformation and leaked wiretaps to discredit and embarrass the accused .
Similarly , in case of bankruptcy , federal laws and courts readily adjudicate claims among creditors , and do so without regard to state borders .
State governments in turn have no legal power to abrogate debt contracts vis-à-vis out-of-state creditors , and no incentive to do so -LRB- given the help they get from the federal government -RRB- .
Even if the Germans and other creditors acquiesce in a restructuring -- not from 2013 on , as German Chancellor Angel Merkel has asked for , but now -- there is the further problem of restoring competitiveness . This problem is shared by all deficit countries , but is acute in Southern Europe .
Undoubtedly , most of the credit belongs to the initiative and hard work Chinese entrepreneurs and laborers .
In the United States , AIG , Bear Stearns , and Lehman Brothers -- all with large derivatives and\/or repo investments -- failed , freezing up credit markets for a scary few weeks .
For example , investors holding derivatives and repo contracts with a weakened financial institution can grab the firm 's assets ahead of -- and at the expense of -- its regular creditors , possibly sealing its fate , when , with a little extra time , the firm might have survived .
Troubled countries knock on the Fund 's door for financial assistance only when all other creditors have turned their backs .
With all his credit cards at their limit , and all his cash gone , Hal finally came to me for a loan .
Indeed , this disconnect may explain why polls do not give President Bush the credit for economic management that his strong record would seem to merit .
When that day arrives , Americans had better pray that their creditors will be as happy to accept dollars as they are now .
Moreover , money markets , especially in Europe , remain traumatized by the festering global credit crunch .
Faced with a vicious combination of collapsing housing prices and imploding credit markets , the Fed has been aggressively cutting interest rates to try to stave off a recession .
Instead , as the credit crunch and housing price decline continue , an epic mortgage bailout appears increasingly likely , possibly costing US taxpayers a trillion dollars or more .
At the same time , the ECB has gained considerable credibility from its handling of the global credit crisis .
But for the financial community , pioneering formulas that paved the way for modern hedging strategies should get just as much credit for the passing period of rapid global growth as cell phones , computers , and the Internet .
So far , the strategy of maintaining banking systems on feeding tubes of taxpayer-guaranteed short-term credit has made sense . But eventually central banks must pull the plug . Otherwise they will end up in intensive care themselves as credit losses overwhelm their balance sheets .
Not allowing the necessary consolidation is weakening credit markets , not strengthening them .
But history suggests that fixing a central bank 's balance sheet is never pleasant . Faced with credit losses , a central bank can either dig its way out through inflation or await recapitalization by taxpayers .
Central banks have to start fostering consolidation , rather than indiscriminately extending credit .
But they should realize that large foreign shareholders in financial firms may be far less effective than locals in coaxing central banks to extend massive , no-strings-attached credit lines .
Emerging-market companies alone have hundreds of billions coming due in the next twelve months , far more than their governments ' reserves can cover if credit markets do not normalize .
Price inflation forces creditors to accept repayment in debased currency .
As the recession deepens , however , bank balance sheets will be hammered further by a wave of defaults in commercial real estate , credit cards , private equity , and hedge funds .
The immediate problem is a credit crunch not so much in China as in the United States and Europe , where many small and medium-size importers can not get the trade credits they need to buy inventory from abroad .
With the credit crisis still making it difficult for many small and medium-size businesses to obtain even the minimal level of financing necessary to maintain inventories and conduct trade , global GDP is on a precipice in 2009 .
True , even as exports have collapsed , the government has managed to prop up growth with a huge spending and credit expansion .
Greater financial regulation in the US means consumers will not be able to borrow so easily to rack up huge mortgage and credit card debt .
US and Chinese leaders have fought the crisis with not only massive fiscal stimulus , but also deep intervention into credit markets .
In addition to tighter credit , falling home prices and high unemployment will continue to put a crimp on US consumer spending .
No matter how badly it mismanages its business -- Lehman essentially transformed itself into a real estate holding company totally dependent on a continuing US housing bubble -- the creditors of a big financial institution should always get repaid . Otherwise , confidence in the system will be undermined , and chaos will break loose .
Unfortunately , the conventional post-mortem on Lehman is wishful thinking . It basically says that no matter how huge the housing bubble , how deep a credit hole the United States -LRB- and many other countries -RRB- had dug , and how convoluted the global financial system , we could have just grown our way out of trouble . Patch up Lehman , move on , keep drafting off of China 's energy , and nothing bad ever need have happened .
It was not just Lehman Brothers . The entire financial system was totally unprepared to deal with the inevitable collapse of the housing and credit bubbles .
As Carmen Reinhart and I argue in our new book This Time is Different : Eight Centuries of Financial Folly , the Great Recession is better described as `` The Great Contraction , '' given the massive and simultaneous contraction of global credit , trade , and growth that the world has experienced .
Nevertheless , the legacy of the huge contraction in credit is not likely to go away anytime soon .
But , for everyone else , particularly small and medium-size firms , the credit environment continues to be very challenging .
After all , credit also dried up during the 1991 global recession , and yet funds were flowing briskly within 18 months .
Given this environment , no wonder credit is still contracting in the United States , Europe , and elsewhere .
And even if regulators take their time to try to get it right , as most of us think they should , the world may have to live with weak credit expansion as banks hold back , awaiting a clearer verdict on their future .
Of course , other countries in the Gulf also have some stunning accomplishments to their credit .
You can tell Americans and Europeans that they should rejoice over the boundless cheap goods and cheap credit that trade with Asia has supplied . But all their politicians seem to worry about is how some farmer or textile worker may lose their job .
Both seem set for a long period of slow credit growth , owing both to necessary stricter financial regulation and to the fact that their economies remain significantly over-leveraged .
With credit markets impaired , further quantitative easing may still be needed .
One reason , of course , is that the financial system takes time to heal -- and thus for credit to begin flowing properly again .
Whether or not the critics are right , one thing is clear : with the Fed lagging other global central banks in the monetary-tightening cycle , and with rating agencies contemplating a downgrade of America 's credit score , the US dollar 's purchasing power has sunk to an all-time low against the currencies of America 's trading partners .
But the real problem is that the global economy is badly overleveraged , and there is no quick escape without a scheme to transfer wealth from creditors to debtors , either through defaults , financial repression , or inflation .
The contraction applies not only to output and employment , as in a normal recession , but to debt and credit , and the deleveraging that typically takes many years to complete .
If governments that retain strong credit ratings are to spend scarce resources effectively , the most effective approach is to catalyze debt workouts and reductions .
China has become Europe 's biggest trading partner , and its huge reserves of US dollars has made it America 's most important creditor .
The recession in other advanced economies -LRB- the euro zone , United Kingdom , European Union , Canada , Japan , Australia , and New Zealand -RRB- started in the second quarter of 2008 , before the financial turmoil in September and October further aggravated the global credit crunch .
With traditional monetary policy becoming less effective , non-traditional policy tools aimed at generating greater liquidity and credit -LRB- via quantitative easing and direct central bank purchases of private illiquid assets -RRB- will become necessary .
Another $ 1.5 trillion is needed to bring banks ' capital back to pre-crisis level , which is needed to resolve the credit crunch and restore lending to the private sector .
Thus , paradoxically nationalization may be a more market-friendly solution : it wipes out common and preferred shareholders of clearly insolvent institutions , and possibly unsecured creditors if the insolvency is too large , while providing a fair upside to the tax-payer .
Whereas Sweden adopted this approach successfully during its banking crisis in the early 1990 's , the current US and British approach may end up producing Japanese-style zombie banks -- never properly restructured and perpetuating a credit freeze .
The credit crunch will last much longer if we keep zombie banks alive despite their massive and continuing losses .
At that point , global policymakers got religion and started to use most of the weapons in their arsenal : vast fiscal-policy easing ; conventional and unconventional monetary expansion ; trillions of dollars in liquidity support , recapitalization , guarantees , and insurance to stem the liquidity and credit crunch ; and , finally , massive support to emerging-market economies .
So the credit crunch will not ease quickly .
But if central banks do n't find a clear exit strategy from policies that double or triple the monetary base , eventually either goods-price inflation or another dangerous asset and credit bubble -LRB- or both -RRB- will ensue .
Prices of commodities -- oil , energy , and minerals -- have soared ; corporate credit spreads -LRB- the difference between the yield of corporate and government bonds -RRB- have narrowed dramatically , as government-bond yields have increased sharply ; volatility -LRB- the `` fear gauge '' -RRB- has fallen ; and the dollar has weakened , as demand for safe dollar assets has abated .
Second , extremely loose monetary policies -LRB- zero interest rates , quantitative easing , new credit facilities , emissions of government bonds , and purchases of illiquid and risky private assets -RRB- , together with the huge sums spent to stabilize the financial system , may be causing a new liquidity-driven asset bubble in financial and commodity markets .
For example , Chinese state-owned enterprises that gained access to huge amounts of easy money and credit are buying equities and stockpiling commodities well beyond their productive needs .
Consider also the credit markets .
Prime borrowers with good credit scores and investment-grade firms are not experiencing a credit crunch at this point , as the former have access to mortgages and consumer credit while the latter have access to bond and equity markets .
But non-prime borrowers -- about one-third of US households -- do not have much access to mortgages and credit cards .
And the credit crunch for non-investment-grade firms and smaller firms , which rely mostly on access to bank loans rather than capital markets , is still severe .
The same holds for households , with millions of weaker and poorer borrowers defaulting on mortgages , credit cards , auto loans , student loans , and other forms of consumer credit .
And , while higher-income and wealthier households have a buffer of savings to smooth consumption and avoid having to increase savings , most lower-income households must save more , as banks and other lenders cut back on home-equity loans and lower limits on credit cards .
Japan is a net creditor and largely finances its debt domestically .
America 's foreign creditors would not accept a sharp reduction in their dollar assets ' real value that debasement of the dollar via inflation and devaluation would entail .
Euro accession and bull-market `` convergence trades '' pushed bond yields in these countries toward the level of German bunds , with the ensuing credit boom supporting excessive consumption growth .
Until credibility is re-established , the risk of a speculative attack on public debt -- reflected in the current rise in credit default swap spreads -- would linger , given the ongoing budget deficit and the need to roll over maturing debt .
In countries that can not issue debt in their own currency -LRB- traditionally emerging-market economies -RRB- , or that issue debt in their own currency but can not independently print money -LRB- as in the euro zone -RRB- , unsustainable fiscal deficits often lead to a credit crisis , a sovereign default , or other coercive form of public-debt restructuring .
Crises are the inevitable result of a build-up of macroeconomic , financial , and policy risks and vulnerabilities : assets bubbles , excessive risk-taking and leverage , credit booms , loose money , lack of proper supervision and regulation of the financial system , greed , and risky investments by banks and other financial institutions .
But what happens when the political willingness of Germany and other disciplined creditors -- many now in emerging markets -- to fund such bailouts fizzles ?
Sixth , while regulatory reform that increases the liquidity and capital ratios for financial institutions is necessary , those higher ratios should be phased in gradually to prevent a further worsening of the credit crunch .
Mediocre job creation and a further rise in unemployment , larger cyclical budget deficits , a fresh fall in home prices , larger losses by banks on mortgages , consumer credit , and other loans , and the risk that Congress will adopt protectionist measures against China will see to that .
His reappearance comes just as the credit bubble fueled by the sub-prime mortgage boom is about to burst , triggering the worst financial and economic crisis since the Great Depression .
No player but the last in the securitization chain was exposed to the ultimate credit risk ; the rest simply raked in high fees and commissions .
The Global Economy 's Inevitable Hard Landing In recent weeks , the global liquidity and credit crunch that started last August has become more severe .
Many more economic agents face serious credit and solvency problems , including millions of households in the US , UK , and the Eurozone with excessive mortgages , hundreds of bankrupt sub-prime mortgage lenders , a growing number of distressed homebuilders , many highly leveraged and distressed financial institutions , and , increasingly , corporate-sector firms .
The build-up of real and financial problems -- the worst US housing recession ever , oil at $ 90 a barrel or above , a severe credit crunch , falling investment by the corporate sector , and savings-less and debt-burdened consumers buffeted by multiple negative shocks -- make a recession unavoidable .
Likewise , the European Central Bank 's decision not to cut rates -- deluding itself that it may be able to raise them once the allegedly `` temporary '' credit crunch is gone -- is mistaken .
Monetary policy alone can not resolve the consequences of inaction by regulators and supervisors amid the credit excesses of the last few years .
This will fuel more global deflation and private and public debt defaults in debtor countries , which will ultimately undermine creditor countries ' growth and wealth .
This is effective in stemming upward exchange-rate pressure , but it feeds the beast : it exacerbates overheating in already fast-growing emerging markets , causing inflation and leading to excessive credit growth , which can fuel dangerous asset bubbles .
A sixth option -- especially where a country has carried out partially sterilized intervention to prevent excessive currency appreciation -- is to reduce the risk of credit and asset bubbles by imposing prudential supervision of the financial system .
This should be aimed at restraining excessive credit growth , which the monetary growth that follows currency intervention would otherwise cause .
However , direct controls on credit growth , while necessary , are often leaky and not very binding in practice .
But the demand for emerging-market assets is neither infinite nor perfectly substitutable for the assets of advanced economies -- even for given interest-rate differentials -- because these assets have very different liquidity and credit risks .
Thus , a second set of policies and institutional reforms requires that all unsecured creditors of banks and other financial institutions need to be `` treated '' -- that is , they must accept losses -LRB- or `` haircuts '' -RRB- on their claims .
If orderly treatment of unsecured senior creditors requires a new cross-border regime to close down insolvent European banks , such a regime should be implemented without delay .
Such exchange offers can limit private creditors ' losses if they are done early .
Waiting to restructure unsustainable debts would only lead to disorderly workouts and severe haircuts for some private creditors .
In 2011 , the US faces a likely double dip in the housing market , high unemployment and weak job creation , a persistent credit crunch , gaping budgetary holes at the state and local level , and steeper borrowing costs as a result of the federal government 's lack of fiscal consolidation .
Moreover , credit growth on both sides of the Atlantic will be restrained , as many financial institutions in the US and Europe maintain a risk-averse stance toward lending .
There is also a risk that capital inflows to emerging markets will be mismanaged , thus fueling credit and asset bubbles .
The attenuation of downside risks and pleasant surprises in developed and emerging economies could lead to a further increase in demand for risky assets -LRB- equities and credit -RRB- , which would reinforce economic recovery via wealth effects and lower borrowing costs .
In effect , these instruments turn creditors into shareholders in a country 's economy , entitling them to a portion of its future profits while temporarily reducing its debt burden .
Reducing the face value of mortgages and providing the upside -- in case home prices were to rise in the long run -- to the creditor banks is another way to convert mortgage debt partly into shareholder equity .
The creditors and bondholders who lent the money in the first place must carry their share of the burden , for the sake of the PIIGS , the EU , and their own bottom lines .
And then Greece , Ireland , and Portugal lost access to credit markets , requiring bailout packages from the International Monetary Fund and the European Union .
Greece will require another official bailout -- or a bail-in of private creditors , an option that is fueling heated disagreement among European policymakers .
America 's financial crisis has triggered a severe credit crunch that is making the US recession worse , while the deepening recession is leading to larger losses in financial markets -- thus undermining the wider economy .
There is now a serious risk of a systemic meltdown in US financial markets as huge credit and asset bubbles collapse .
Thus , total losses on mortgage-related instruments -- include exotic credit derivatives such as collateralized debt obligations -LRB- CDOs -RRB- -- will add up to more than $ 400 billion .
In addition to the downturn in real estate , a broader bubble in consumer credit is now collapsing : as the US economy slips into recession , defaults on credit cards , auto loans , and student loans will increase sharply . US consumers are shopped-out , savings-less , and debt-burdened .
A very likely downgrade of these insurers ' credit ratings will force banks and financial institutions that hold these risky assets to write them down , adding another $ 150 billion to the financial system 's mounting losses .
As a result , the market for credit default swaps -LRB- CDS -RRB- - -- where protection against corporate defaults is bought and sold -- may also experience massive losses .
Like banks , all these financial institutions are subject to liquidity or rollover risk -- the risk of going belly up if their creditors do not rollover their short-term credit lines .
There is thus a broader risk that many leveraged investors in both equity and credit markets will be forced to sell illiquid assets in illiquid markets , leading to a cascading fall in asset prices to below their fundamental values .
Tighter credit rationing will then further hamper the ability of households and firms to borrow , spend , invest , and sustain economic growth .
Likewise , debt buybacks would be a massive waste of official resources , as the residual value of the debt increases as it is bought , benefiting creditors far more than the sovereign debtor .
The advantage of a par bond is that Greece 's creditors -- banks , insurance companies , and pension funds -- would be able and allowed to continue valuing their Greek bonds at 100 cents on the euro , thereby avoiding massive losses on their balance sheets .
Rating agencies would consider this debt exchange a `` credit event , '' but only for a very short period -- a matter of a few weeks .
The ECB and creditor banks can live for two or three weeks with a temporary downgrade of Greece 's debt .
Second , while monetary policy has limited impact when the problems are excessive debt and insolvency rather than illiquidity , credit easing , rather than just quantitative easing , can be helpful .
More monetary and credit easing is also required for the US Federal Reserve , the Bank of Japan , the Bank of England , and the Swiss National Bank .
Third , to restore credit growth , eurozone banks and banking systems that are under-capitalized should be strengthened with public financing in a European Union-wide program .
To avoid an additional credit crunch as banks deleverage , banks should be given some short-term forbearance on capital and liquidity requirements .
Also , since the US and EU financial systems remain unlikely to provide credit to small and medium-size enterprises , direct government provision of credit to solvent but illiquid SMEs is essential .
The increase in private - and public-sector leverage and the related asset and credit bubbles are partly the result of inequality .
In Anglo-Saxon countries , the response was to democratize credit -- via financial liberalization -- thereby fueling a rise in private debt as households borrowed to make up the difference .
With credit exhausted , the effects on aggregate demand of decades of redistribution of income and wealth -- from labor to capital , from wages to profits , from poor to rich , and from households to corporate firms -- have become severe , owing to the lower marginal propensity of firms\/capital owners\/rich households to spend .
As he argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over-capacity , under-consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset-price booms and busts .
If owners walk away from their homes , credit losses could be $ 1 trillion or more , wiping out most of the US financial system 's capital and leading to a systemic banking crisis .
Given how financially stretched US households are , a good part of this tax rebate may be used to pay down high credit card balances -LRB- or other unsecured consumer credit -RRB- or to postpone mortgage delinquency .
Still , given a severe financial crisis , declining home prices , and a credit crunch , the US is facing its longest and deepest recession in decades , dashing any hope of a soft landing for the rest of the world .
Stock markets have been falling most days , money markets and credit markets have shut down as their interest-rate spreads skyrocket , and it is still too early to tell whether the raft of measures adopted by the United States and Europe will stem the bleeding on a sustained basis .
Then panic spread to credit markets , money markets , and currency markets , highlighting the vulnerabilities of many developing countries ' financial systems and corporate sectors , which had experienced credit booms and had borrowed short and in foreign currencies .
The crisis was caused by the largest leveraged asset bubble and credit bubble in history .
As a result , a housing bubble , a mortgage bubble , an equity bubble , a bond bubble , a credit bubble , a commodity bubble , a private equity bubble , and a hedge funds bubble are all now bursting simultaneously .
When Bear Stearns ' creditors were bailed out to the tune of $ 30 billion in March , the rally in equity , money , and credit markets lasted eight weeks .
As authorities in the US and abroad took ever more radical policy steps from October 6-9 , stock , credit , and money markets fell further , day after day .
? public provision of credit to the solvent parts of the corporate sector in order to avoid a short-term debt refinancing crisis for solvent but illiquid corporations and small businesses ;
? an agreement between creditor countries running current-account surpluses and debtor countries running current-account deficits to maintain an orderly financing of deficits and a recycling of creditors ' surpluses to avoid disorderly adjustment of such imbalances .
Global stock markets fell by more than 50 % ; interest-rate spreads skyrocketed ; a severe liquidity and credit crunch appeared ; and many emerging-market economies staggered to the International Monetary Fund for help .
As traditional monetary policy becomes ineffective , other unorthodox policies will continue to be used : policies to bail out investors , financial institutions , and borrowers ; massive provision of liquidity to banks in order to ease the credit crunch ; and even more radical actions to reduce long-term interest rates on government bonds and narrow the spread between market rates and government bonds .
America 's credit excesses were in residential mortgages , commercial mortgages , credit cards , auto loans , and student loans .
There was also excess in the securitized products that converted these debts into toxic financial derivatives ; in borrowing by local governments ; in financing for leveraged buyouts that should never have occurred ; in corporate bonds that will now suffer massive losses in a surge of defaults ; in the dangerous and unregulated credit default swap market .
As a result , the biggest asset and credit bubble in human history is now going bust , with overall credit losses likely to be close to a staggering $ 2 trillion .
Thus , unless governments rapidly recapitalize financial institutions , the credit crunch will become even more severe as losses mount faster than recapitalization and banks are forced to contract credit and lending .
The credit crunch will get worse ; deleveraging will continue , as hedge funds and other leveraged players are forced to sell assets into illiquid and distressed markets , thus causing more price falls and driving more insolvent financial institutions out of business .
The IMF has , however , become far more neutral than it is given credit for -- though it could take more steps to distance itself from its past . These include abolishing any region or country 's right to appoint IMF management ; allowing the Fund to borrow from markets , so that it does not have to keep seeking key countries ' permission to expand ; eliminating any country 's official veto power over major decisions ; and having its agenda set by the IMFC rather than outside bodies .
NEW YORK -- After Saddam Hussein 's fall , the United States successfully pressed creditors to write off much of Iraq 's external debt .
Citing a long-standing doctrine in international law , advocates of a write-off claimed that Iraq 's debt was `` odious . '' As a result , the creditors were no longer protected under global legal rules .
The bulk of Egypt 's estimated $ 35 - $ 37 billion in external debt is owed to official -LRB- governmental -RRB- creditors and multilateral and regional development institutions .
The risk of a hasty bargain with creditors for debt forgiveness is that it could preclude a process of accountability for the past .
On the basis of such a commission 's findings , the new government should engage in discussions with its official creditors , including the international financial institutions .
But , where oppressive regimes are using foreign credit to postpone needed domestic political and economic reforms , that may be a good outcome .
At a minimum , creditors would have to examine more carefully those to whom they are lending , and where the money is really going .
If creditors turn a blind eye to corruption and oppression , they should have to pay a price .
Bush , alas , led an aggressive effort to discredit climate science rather than to respond to its findings .
It is generally true that lower interest rates spur home buying , but this time , as is now well known , commercial and investment banks created new financial mechanisms to expand housing credit to borrowers with little creditworthiness .
Greater home buying pushed up housing prices , which made banks feel that it was safe to lend money to non-creditworthy borrowers .
What was stunning was how the Fed , under Greenspan 's leadership , stood by as the credit boom gathered steam , barreling toward a subsequent crash .
But this time , credit expansion is not flowing into housing construction , but rather into commodity speculation and foreign currency .
Of course , there were abuses , such as the allocation of public credits to richer farmers rather than to needy ones , or the prolonged subsidization of inputs even after farmers became creditworthy .
To its credit , the World Bank recognized this mistake in a scathing internal evaluation of its long-standing agricultural policies last year .
This easy-money policy , backed by regulators who failed to regulate , created unprecedented housing and consumer credit bubbles in the US and other countries , notably those that shared America 's policy orientation .
Second , several highly leveraged institutions , such as Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers , have gone bankrupt , causing further losses of wealth -LRB- of these failed institutions ' shareholders and creditors -RRB- and a further loss of credit that these firms once supplied .
The challenge for policymakers is to restore enough confidence that companies can once again obtain short-term credit to meet their payrolls and finance their inventories .
Iceland , which privatized and deregulated its banks a few years ago , now faces national bankruptcy , because its banks will not be able to pay off foreign creditors who lent heavily to them .
They should now cut taxes , ease domestic credit conditions , and increase government investments in roads , power , and public housing .
So long as the credits are long term and carry a modest interest rate -LRB- say , 25-year dollar loans at 5 % per annum -RRB- , the recipient countries could repay the loans out of the significant boost in incomes that would result over the course of a generation .
By building up savings over a few years , the farmers eventually become creditworthy , or have enough cash to purchase vitally necessary inputs on their own .
The new financing would include direct loans from rich countries ' export-credit agencies to enable poor countries to borrow long term -LRB- for example , 40 years -RRB- to build roads , power grids , renewable energy generation , ports , fiber optic networks , and water and sanitation systems .
This can be done directly on a bilateral basis , for example , through long-term loans from developed countries ' export-credit agencies .
Farmers will be able to buy inputs , either out of their own cash , or by borrowing against their improved creditworthiness .
Panic ensued and credit stopped circulating .
As a result , the major economies avoided a collapse of credit and production .
The authors show that the same group of mischief-makers , given a platform by the free-market ideologues of The Wall Street Journal 's editorial page , has consistently tried to confuse the public and discredit the scientists whose insights are helping to save the world from unintended environmental harm .
Today 's campaigners against action on climate change are in many cases backed by the same lobbies , individuals , and organizations that sided with the tobacco industry to discredit the science linking smoking and lung cancer .
Then , when it was discovered that certain chemicals called chlorofluorocarbons -LRB- CFCs -RRB- were causing the depletion of ozone in the atmosphere , the same groups launched a nasty campaign to discredit that science , too .
We are witnessing a predictable process by ideologues and right-wing think tanks and publications to discredit the scientific process .
If we add up these three factors -- the enormous economic challenge of reducing greenhouse gases , the complexity of climate science , and deliberate campaigns to confuse the public and discredit the science -- we arrive at the fourth and over-arching problem : US politicians ' unwillingness or inability to formulate a sensible climate-change policy .
The US , where consumers -- assisted by reckless lending to non-creditworthy households -- had borrowed heavily to buy houses and cars , was the main culprit .
These supporters also argue , with some justice , that Argentina 's crisis results in part from a self - fulfilling prophesy among creditors .
The US wo n't `` run out of dollars '' to service its foreign debts , in the same way that Argentina or Korea ran out of dollars needed to repay foreign creditors during the past decade .
Much of the credit for Brazil 's turnaround belongs not to Lula but to his predecessor , Fernando Henrique Cardoso , who was Brazil 's President from 1992 to 2000 .
I credit FHC , as he is widely known , with making four key contributions .
-LRB- In the non-medical area , think of business organizations that regulate trade or educational commissions that accredit schools -RRB- .
Nigerian officials and the public wish to see the external debt burden lifted , especially because a big part of it is `` odious '' -- contracted by dictators , with a large degree of creditor complicity .
In Germany , the old Prussian elite successfully managed the country 's industrialization in the late nineteenth century , but was discredited by defeat in World War I. Nazism filled the ensuing vacuum , and a new equilibrium would be established only after World War II .
A renewed renminbi appreciation would boost China 's outward FDI growth even further by lowering the cost of overseas assets for Chinese firms , which operate in a fairly competitive market and have strong cash reserves from both retained earnings and large-scale state credit allocations .
Third , the terms offered by commercial creditors , governments , and other international agencies were unusually generous , involving a reduction of between 90 % and 100 % of debts outstanding .
Fourth , and most importantly , Liberia is now at a pivotal moment in its economic reconstruction , moving away from dependency on the goodwill of creditors to a new path of growth and development .
Fortunately , once in office , the Eisenhower administration had the sense to stick with containment in Europe , continuing a policy that is widely credited for winning the Cold War .
It is likely to take the form of an opaque global credit glut , turbocharged by the fragile mixture of too-big-to-fail global banking with a huge and largely unwatched and unregulated shadow banking sector .
But Claudio Borio and Piti Disayat , economists at the Bank for International Settlements , have argued convincingly that the savings-glut theory fails to explain the unsustainable credit creation in the run-up to the 2008 crisis .
The alternative theory -- of a global credit glut -- gained more ground with the release last week of the Financial Stability Board 's report on shadow banking .
The FSB report contains startling revelations about the scale of global shadow banking , which it defines as `` credit intermediation involving entities and activities outside the regular banking system . ''
They are some of the largest counterparties with the regular banking system , and their combined credit creation and proprietary trading and hedging may account for much of the global liquidity flows that make monetary and financial stability so difficult to ensure .
Specifically , global credit creation by the regular and shadow banking systems is likely to be significantly larger than the sum of the credit creation currently measured by national statistics .
We urgently need to monitor and understand the role of shadow banking and the too-big-to-fail banks in creating the global credit glut .
Obtaining a full picture of global monetary and credit numbers and their determinants is a vital first step .
So far , the G-20 's call to `` think globally '' has turned into `` act locally . '' We hope that the G-20 leaders will think systemically at Cannes , and act nationally and cooperatively to defuse the global credit glut minefield .
But public anger over sky-high price growth precipitated by the oil crises finally allowed central banks to tighten credit and smother inflation with massive global recessions .
The Bank made a profit and grew over the years -- and has inspired similar microcredit schemes elsewhere .
He tried to make a profit in microfinance in order to prove these neglected people 's creditworthiness , so that he could continue lending to them .
Perhaps the buy-on-dips confidence index has slipped lately because of negative news concerning credit markets , notably the US sub-prime mortgage market , which has increased anxiety about the fundamental soundness of the economy .
There seems to be a general recognition of substantial downside risk , as the current credit crisis seems to be related to the decline in US home prices that we have already seen .
The shadow banking system , which is beyond the reach of bank regulators and deposit insurance , fed the boom in home prices by helping provide more credit to buyers .
Has Financial Innovation Been Discredited ?
Has Financial Innovation Been Discredited ?
MOSCOW -- Skeptics of financial liberalization and innovation have been emboldened by the crisis in the world 's credit markets that erupted in mid-2007 , when the problems with sub-prime mortgages first appeared in the United States .
Previously , private investors in the US simply did not lend to mortgage seekers whose credit history was below prime .
The up and down of lending represents a credit cycle , and credit cycles have played a major role in economic fluctuations for centuries .
When credit expands , he wrote , `` The certain result is a bound of national prosperity ; the country leaps forward as if by magic .
But the credit cycle was not the ultimate cause of the 1870 's depression or the crisis we are seeing today .
The credit cycle is an amplification mechanism .
Moreover , the extreme weakening and then tightening of credit standards seems particularly prominent only in the US , while the housing boom-bust cycle is prevalent throughout much of the world .
Nothing else ultimately explains lenders ' immense willingness , in the boom up to 2006 , to lower their credit standards on home mortgages , regulators ' willingness to let them do it , rating agencies ' willingness to rate mortgage securities highly , and investors ' willingness to gobble them up .
Blanchard and his colleagues point out that banks might condition loans to firms on their purchase of recession insurance , which might help credit markets function better , addressing a serious problem underlying the current crisis .
Such insurance already exists on a small scale in the form of credit insurance against unemployment .
But , to Bush 's credit , he also brought in Ben Bernanke in 2006 as Fed Chairman .
Yet another psychological barrier is a sort of ego involvement in our own success . Our tendency to take full credit for our successes discourages us from facing up to the possibility of loss or failure , because considering such prospects calls into question our self-satisfaction .
Still , he can be credited for some tangible results in bringing Chechnya a modicum of normality .
Britain 's transformation from international creditor to international debtor during the Great War gave the dollar a second wind in its battle with sterling .
To her credit , Madonna is doing more than adopting David .
The French have always been less likely to go into debt -- when they pay with plastic , they tend to use debit cards , drawing on funds they already have , rather than credit cards .
-LRB- Though , to their credit , many French football followers , from President Nicolas Sarkozy down , expressed their sympathy for Ireland after Henry 's handball . -RRB-
This is the strategy chosen by the United States with its earned-income tax credit .
First , consumers , faced with tighter credit and falling house values , will need to cut spending , slowing the US economy and affecting all countries via world trade .
But the Fed can not endow the banks with new equity capital and prevent a credit crunch .
The Fed has given ordinary banks direct access to its credit facilities , and the ECB no longer rations the supply of base money , instead providing as much liquidity as banks demand .
Likewise , there is also virtually no credit card debt in Germany , or other reasons for US-style household indebtedness .
Low-income people who could not be expected ever to repay their loans were given so-called NINJA credits : `` No income , no job , no assets . ''
In addition to the ¤ 80 billion program already agreed for Greece , the European Union countries agreed on a ¤ 500 billion credit line for other distressed countries .
The programs that have been agreed will not suffice to reassure creditors , and Germany will most likely be unwilling to bow once again to Sarkozy in the coming negotiations to prolong the rescue measures -- at least as they are constructed now -- beyond the initially stipulated three years .
Interest-rate spreads between safe and risky assets are natural to functioning credit markets .
The main problem is that the flow of foreign credit has been impaired because US mortgage-backed securities and the derivatives based on them have become nearly unsellable everywhere .
This excess supply of credit results in additional consumption and investment , triggering a boom .
The US wanted the Chinese money , but it was not prepared to offer anything more than structured securities of questionable creditworthiness , as well as government paper that is now clearly exposed to the risk of inflation and devaluation .
The participation of creditor banks , which had long been the conditio sine qua non for Merkel , was downgraded to optional status .
The risk may be limited today , but it will become larger should the new ESM become full-coverage insurance against insolvency with no burden-sharing by creditors .
In a currency union , however , central-bank credit may play this role if private capital flows are insufficient .
By the end of last year , the aggregate stock of central-bank money in the euro area was ¤ 1.07 trillion euros , and ¤ 380 billion euros was already absorbed by ECB credit to the GIPS .
Indeed , 88 % of these countries ' current-account deficits over the last three years were financed via the extension of credit within the Eurosystem .
This figure includes ECB credit that financed capital flight from Ireland totaling ¤ 130 billion over the past three years .
The extra money printing and lending , as measured by the so-called Target deficit , effectively means drawing a credit from the ECB .
This credit replaces the private capital imports that had hitherto financed the country 's net purchases of foreign goods , but which dried up because of the crisis , and it finances a capital flight , i.e. the purchase of foreign assets .
The ECB in turn draws the Target credit from the respective national central bank to which the money is flowing and which therefore has to accept a reduction in its scope for issuing refinancing credit .
Until July , only Greece , Ireland , Portugal , and Spain had drawn Target credit , for a combined total of ¤ 330 billion .
In August alone , Italy 's central bank drew ¤ 40 billion in Target credit , and it probably drew roughly another ¤ 50 billion in September , when the Bundesbank 's Target loans to the ECB system increased by ¤ 59 billion -LRB- after a ¤ 47-billion hike in August -RRB- .
The stock of overall Target credit that the ECB system has drawn from the Bundesbank was around zero until mid-2007 .
As Italy 's monthly current-account deficit approximates only ¤ 3-4 billion , the Target credit must have compensated primarily for capital flight .
Greece , Ireland , Portugal , and Spain 's collective draw on Target credits forced the Bundesbank to reduce the refinancing credit that it issued by about ¤ 30 billion per year from 2008 to the end of 2010 , when it stood at barely ¤ 90 billion .
The ECB 's shifting of refinancing credit via the Target system has therefore already hit the limit , three years earlier than the trend of the past three years would have suggested .
Most of the credit for these changes goes to Africans who demanded an end to the misrule of the past .
Third , it can complete the process of debt relief for countries that have not received it , and help protect poor countries from predatory commercial creditors .
We have met all of the conditions asked by the international community to start the debt relief process , but creditor countries have not yet agreed on the financing .
We hope that the G8 can help finalize these arrangements , and can help us ensure that the costs of debt relief are shared among all creditors , including those from the private sector .
Theological language that might have decried the credit crunch as the `` wages of sin , '' a come-uppance for prodigious profligacy , has become unusable .
This particular model predicts that banks will over-invest in high-risk , high-yield projects , i.e. , asymmetric information lets toxic loans onto the credit market .
Banks magnify the boom by making credit too easily available , and they exacerbate the bust by withdrawing it too abruptly .
Of course , the upswing was marked by super-abundant credit .
Failure discredits only the party or coalition in power , not the entire political system .
Is it competitive enough to prevent discredited leaders from clinging to power ?
Collateralized debt obligations -LRB- CDOs , mainly tied to mortgages -RRB- made a new population of aspiring homeowners supposedly creditworthy by enabling the originating banks to sell `` sub-prime '' debt to other investors .
This scalability was magnified by the use of credit default swaps -LRB- CDSs -RRB- , which offered phony insurance against default .
`` Surplus '' Chinese savings made possible America 's credit expansion between 2003-2005 , when the federal funds rate -LRB- the overnight rate at which US banks lend to one another -RRB- was held at 1 % .
In their view , there was one cause , and one cause only of the crisis : the excessive credit creation that took place when Alan Greenspan was chairman of the US Federal Reserve .
This would , among other things , reduce the role of credit rating agencies .
While the policy caused credit spreads to narrow and bond market liquidity to improve , many banks have been using the extra money to rebuild their balance sheets -LRB- the equivalent of increased household savings -RRB- rather than lending it to businesses and individuals .
Bail-out facilities were then extended ad hoc to investment banks , mortgage providers , and big insurers like AIG , protecting managers , creditors , and stock-holders against loss .
`` Risks to global financial stability have eased as the economic recovery has gained steam , but concerns about advanced country sovereign risks could undermine gains and prolong the collapse of credit .
The problem is not just the moral inadequacy of the economic virtues , but their disappearance . Hard work and inventiveness are still rewarded , but self-restraint , thrift , and prudence surely started to vanish with the first credit card .
Despite many financial crises and defaults , this creditor-debtor relationship worked , on the whole , to the benefit of both sides .
In April 2009 , Zhou Xiaochuan , Governor of the People 's Bank of China , proposed the creation of a `` super-sovereign reserve currency '' to remove the `` inherent risks '' of credit-based national reserve currencies .
But investigative journalism becomes discredited when it is suborned to `` expose '' the private lives of the famous when no issue of public interest is involved .
What all such schemes amount to is piling one lot of bonds on top of another in an attempt to square the circle of Greece 's inability to pay , and to minimize the losses faced by its creditors -- mostly European banks .
Thus , creditors -- mainly German and French banks -- are not expected to suffer losses on their existing loans , while borrowers gain more time to `` put their houses in order . ''
The hope is that the reduction in borrowing costs on new loans , plus the austerity programs promised by governments , will enable bond prices to recover to par without the need for the creditor banks to take a hit .
Unless a large part of its debt is forgiven , Greece will not regain creditworthiness .
Any credible bailout plan must require creditor banks to accept that they will lose at least half of their money .
In the Greek case , creditors have yet to accept the need for write-offs , and European governments have provided them with no incentives to do so .
Reflecting the freebooting financial zeitgeist that prevailed at the time , the International Monetary Fund declared in 2006 that `` the dispersion of credit risk by banks to a broader and more diverse group of investors ... has helped make the banking and overall financial system more resilient ... '' As a result , `` the commercial banks may be less vulnerable to ... shocks . ''
According to monetary economist Charles Goodhart , a significantly faster-than-normal growth rate for bank credit , house prices , and leverage will give the authorities sufficient warning of impending crisis .
Moreover , whatever their intrinsic merits , none of these proposals addresses the global economy 's most immediate problem : undersupply , not oversupply , of credit .
The current crisis of the conservative cycle reflects the massive build-up of bad debt that became apparent with the sub-prime crisis , which started in June 2007 and has now spread to the whole credit market , sinking Lehman Brothers . `` Think of an inverted pyramid , '' writes investment banker Charles Morris .
The just-collapsed credit bubble , fueled by so-called special investment vehicles , derivatives , collateralized debt obligations , and phony triple-A ratings , was built on the illusions of mathematical modeling .
But , if financing were to become easier , it would be unclear how both creditors and debtors would perceive the risk of excessive imbalances .
This may require some international credit enhancements or guarantees .
Commercial banks would soon reinstate their lines of credit for Brazil , which would help ensure a recovery of exports .
If no lender of last resort ensures that credit is available at or below 10 % , Brazil can not be expected to meet its obligations - dealing a terrible blow both to Brazil and the international financial system .
Many of these Pioneers and Rangers are corporate officials who are well situated to raise funds from their business associates , bundle them together and pass them along with tracking numbers to ensure proper `` credit '' to each individual donor of $ 2,000 .
The Sixty-Year Storm Today 's financial crisis , triggered by the collapse of the housing bubble in the United States , also marks the end of an era of credit expansion based on the dollar as the international reserve currency .
Boom-bust processes usually revolve around credit , and always involve a bias or misconception -- usually a failure to recognize a reflexive , circular connection between the willingness to lend and the value of the collateral .
Every time the credit expansion ran into trouble , the financial authorities intervened , injecting liquidity and finding other ways to stimulate the economy .
That created a system of asymmetric incentives -- also know as moral hazard -- which encouraged ever greater credit expansion .
Central banks had to inject an unprecedented amount of money and extend credit on an unprecedented range of securities to a broader range of institutions than ever before .
Credit expansion must now be followed by a period of contraction , because some of the new credit instruments and practices are unsound and unsustainable .
Managements that are reluctant to accept the consequences of past mistakes could be penalized by depriving them of the Fed 's credit facilities .
Most credit in the new member states is provided by euro-zone banks , and most household debt is denominated in foreign currencies .
While the rest of the world recognizes that the way to counteract the collapse of credit is to expand the monetary base , Germany remains opposed to any policy that might carry the seeds of eventual inflation .
The US has recognized that only using the credit of the state to the fullest extent possible can reverse the collapse of credit in the private sector .
Second , controlling asset bubbles requires control not only of the money supply , but also of the availability of credit .
Usually , it is credit that provides the leverage , and credit is by nature reflexive .
That is , an increase in the willingness to lend tends to increase the value of the collateral , and also improves the borrowers ' performance , thereby encouraging a relaxation of credit criteria .
Some derivatives , particularly credit default swaps should not be traded at all .
In 1929 , total credit outstanding in the United States was 160 % of GDP , and it rose to 250 % by 1932 .
The situation is aggravated by the market in credit default swaps , which is biased in favor of those who speculate on failure .
When it came to sovereign credit , euro zone members were on their own .
Germany can not be blamed for wanting a strong currency and a balanced budget , but as the strongest and most creditworthy country , it is unwittingly imposing its deflationary policies on the rest of the eurozone .
Mutual resentment between creditors and debtors is liable to grow , and there is a real danger that the euro may destroy the EU 's political and social cohesion .
For example , formerly communist countries earned emission credits at zero cost on the heavy industries that they had to shut down and reaped windfall profits by selling them .
The solution that Europe is about to put in place will be effectively dictated by Germany , whose sovereign credit is necessary for any solution .
The financial crisis forced sovereign states to substitute their own credit for the credit that had collapsed , and in Europe each state had to do so on its own , calling into question the creditworthiness of European government bonds .
Risk premiums widened , and the eurozone was divided into creditor and debtor countries .
As the largest creditor , Germany could dictate the terms of assistance , which were punitive and pushed debtor countries towards insolvency .
Germany and the other eurozone members with AAA ratings will have to decide whether they are willing to risk their own credit to permit Spain and Italy to refinance their bonds at reasonable interest rates .
That will not come easily : Merkel , after all , read the German public 's mood correctly when she made her fateful decision , and the domestic political atmosphere has since become even more inhospitable to extending credit to the rest of Europe .
Facing the prospect of having to raise additional capital at a time when their shares are selling at a fraction of book value , banks have a powerful incentive to reduce their balance sheets by withdrawing credit lines and shrinking their loan portfolios .
The ECB would then instruct the banks to maintain their credit lines and loan portfolios while strictly monitoring the risks they take for their own account .
There is a widely held view that IMF rescue packages have actually contributed to the crisis by creating what economists speak of as `` moral hazard '' -- the expectation by market participants that the IMF could be counted on to rescue countries in trouble , and thus to bail out investors who provided credits to them .
Taking resident lending , portfolio investment and private credit flows together , there has actually been a net outflow from emerging markets since 1997 -- which has gone from a positive $ 81.7 billion in 1996 to a negative $ 104.7 billion in 2000 , offset by slightly larger inflows of foreign direct investment and by official financing .
The incentives should take the form of credit guarantees and other credit enhancements which would reinforce the power and influence of the IMF in preventing future crises .
This would provide a powerful enhancement of the country 's credit .
For example , the IMF currently has no power to impose burden-sharing , nor can it offer bankruptcy-type protection against creditor suits during debt re-organizations -LRB- United States Secretary of Treasury O'Neill recently indicated support for such a mechanism -RRB- .
Although incentives for such local businesses -LRB- microcredit and better financing -RRB- should be provided outside the WTO , trade rules should be modified to give room for such support .
Credit tightened sharply . But rapid responses by developing-country central banks , in collaboration with relatively healthy domestic banks , prevented a severe credit freeze .
In advanced economies , the main mechanisms for transmitting balance-sheet damage to the real economy were credit rationing and reduced consumption due to loss of net worth in households . Both factors were more muted in developing economies .
The eurozone 's immediate challenge is declining fiscal stability in a subset of countries whose credit ratings are falling and debt-service costs rising .
The hiccups in Western banks have served to disrupt the availability of trade credits , and , if amplified , could destabilize local banks .
Second , predicting the exact timing of a break point -LRB- when bubbles burst , markets lock up , and credit freezes -RRB- is , and will likely remain , beyond our ability .
In a global financial upheaval like our most recent one , capital flows shift abruptly and dramatically , causing credit , financing , and balance-of-payments problems , as well as volatile exchange rates .
A well capitalized IMF , much better capitalized than pre-crisis , should be able to fill this backstop -- similar to what central banks do -LRB- and did in the crisis -RRB- to prevent a credit freeze and the inevitable and excessive economic damage that would result .
These conditions had all the makings of a depression scenario , with credit rationing destroying businesses indiscriminately , and thus required fast , aggressive , and unconventional action by the US government and the Federal Reserve .
A combination of financial-sector recapitalization and rapid expansion of the Fed 's balance sheet prevented a complete credit lockup .
It was the huge loss of households ' net worth that brought down the real economy -LRB- with an assist from the credit squeeze on smaller businesses -RRB- .
The US Federal Reserve has had to carry out a difficult balancing act : with no sign of inflation on the horizon -- and at least some risk of deflation -- it has maintained low interest rates even as credit conditions have eased .
Its proponents argue that it is the main policy instrument left , and that it will work by increasing credit or lowering the discount rate , which will raise asset prices and hence consumption via balance-sheet effects .
From Global Imbalances to Effective Global Governance STANFORD , CALIFORNIA -- The current credit crisis has led to scaled-back projections for growth around the world .
Governments and central banks are responding to damaged balance sheets and credit lockups in an attempt to limit extreme harm to their economies outside the financial sector .
First , extreme financial distress can bring down the real economy , with a shortage of credit being the most potent channel .
People are skeptical for understandable reasons , and in the case of the credit crisis , angry .
The financial sector must be developed in order to create more savings options and supply credit and equity capital efficiently to new and growing businesses , which China needs in order to attract the rural population to cities -LRB- even as export sectors move up the skill and value-added hierarchy -RRB- .
Combined with elevated capital requirements for banks , it would reduce the chance of another simultaneous failure of all credit channels .
To be sure , at the height of the crisis , the combined effect of fiscal stimulus and massive monetary easing had a big impact in preventing a credit freeze and limiting the downward spiral in asset prices and real economic activity . But that period is over .
Low-cost credit is unlikely to have a significant impact on consumption in the short run , but it can produce asset inflation and misallocations .
Similarly , positioning the IMF as a general risk insurer by introducing precautionary credit lines above normal access limits would be compatible neither with its mission to provide financial assistance on deliberately non-risk-adjusted terms nor with the current system of refinancing short-term Fund credit through risk-free official reserves .
But , in order to maintain the creditor countries ' willingness to contribute to the Fund 's finances , a strong link must be maintained between quotas , on the one hand , and voting rights , access to IMF resources , and financial contributions on the other hand .
Well , this is the logic behind the United States Federal Reserve 's second round of `` quantitative easing '' -LRB- QE2 -RRB- , its strategy to keep flooding the money pipes until credit starts flowing freely again from banks to businesses .
The credit-transmission mechanism in the US -- and elsewhere -- has been seriously damaged since 2007 .
Small and medium-size businesses in the US depend on small and medium-size banks for access to vital credit , yet too many of these banks remain zombies , unable to lend because their balance sheets are littered with bad commercial and real-estate loans from the boom years .
The US Troubled Asset Relief Program -LRB- TARP -RRB- was an opportunity to force banks to disgorge bad assets -- and thus repair the credit pipes .
Since June 2008 , German , British , and French banks have withdrawn ¤ 253 billion worth of credit from Irish banks and other Irish borrowers -- 70 % of the total foreign funds withdrawn .
A recent credit card commercial depicts a father and son traveling to Norway to trace their family 's origins .
President Clinton and then-Chairman of the US Federal Reserve Alan Greenspan deserve little credit for this -- though , to be sure , bad policies could have messed things up .
The Iraq war has been financed entirely on credit ; and partly because of that , the US national debt has increased by two-thirds in just eight years .
Even if a bailout plan were implemented quickly -- which appears increasingly unlikely -- there would be some credit contraction .
First , housing can be made more affordable for poor and middle-income Americans by converting the mortgage deduction into a cashable tax credit .
Investment banks and credit rating agencies believed in financial alchemy -- the notion that significant value could be created by slicing and dicing securities .
Excessive leveraging , combined with bad lending and risky derivatives , has caused credit markets to freeze .
Keynes was worried about a liquidity trap -- the inability of monetary authorities to induce an increase in the supply of credit in order to raise the level of economic activity .
It is the flow of credit that is important , and the reason that the failure of banks during the Great Depression was important is that they were involved in determining creditworthiness ; they were the repositories of information necessary for the maintenance of the flow of credit .
They focused on buying assets , repackaging them , and selling them , while establishing a record of incompetence in assessing risk and screening for creditworthiness .
Meanwhile , too little is being done to help banks that actually do what banks are supposed to do -- lend money and assess creditworthiness .
The fact that businesses around the world were not getting the credit they need compounded the grievances expressed at Davos .
It is a skewed playing field -- and one increasingly skewed against smaller players . Who would n't prefer a credit default swap underwritten by the US or UK government ; no wonder that too-big-to-fail institutions dominate this market .
All that happened was that average taxpayers gave money to the very institutions that had been gouging them for years -- through predatory lending , usurious credit-card interest rates , and non-transparent fees .
In America , for instance , bad debt and foreclosures are at levels not seen for three-quarters of a century ; the decline in credit in 2009 was the largest since 1942 .
Taxes on speculative activity might encourage banks to focus greater attention on performing their key societal role of providing credit .
But the criteria for judgment are clear : the new law must curb the practices that jeopardized the entire global economy , and reorient the financial system towards its proper tasks -- managing risk , allocating capital , providing credit -LRB- especially to small - and medium-sized enterprises -RRB- , and operating an efficient payments system .
Mastering the specific information related to assessing creditworthiness and monitoring the performance of loans is precisely the kind of thing at which the private sector is supposed to excel .
With the government assuming credit risk , mortgages become as safe as government bonds of comparable maturity .
But it should have been clear all along that the IMF , as a major creditor , could not itself be the bankruptcy judge .
The existence of such negative incentives is why bankruptcy law in America allows bankruptcy judges discretion to force recalcitrant creditors to accept a resolution that is in the broader interest .
Central banks are better at restraining markets ' irrational exuberance in a bubble -- restricting the availability of credit or raising interest rates to rein in the economy -- than at promoting investment in a recession .
Moreover , political gridlock will ensure that little is done about the other festering problems confronting the American economy : mortgage foreclosures are likely to continue unabated -LRB- legal complications aside -RRB- ; small and medium-sized enterprises are likely to continue to be starved of funds ; and the small and medium-sized banks that traditionally provide them with credit are likely to continue to struggle to survive .
That they now looked with disfavor at Tunisia 's move from authoritarianism to democracy does not redound to their credit -- and should never be forgotten .
This was especially true given that America 's credit pipeline remained clogged , with many community and regional banks still in a precarious position .
The ECB argued that taxpayers should pick up the entire tab for Greece 's bad sovereign debt , for fear that any private-sector involvement -LRB- PSI -RRB- would trigger a `` credit event , '' which would force large payouts on credit-default swaps -LRB- CDSs -RRB- , possibly fueling further financial turmoil .
Likewise , the ECB should have barred banks from the risky CDS market , where they are held hostage to ratings agencies ' decisions about what constitutes a `` credit event . ''
Indeed , the most curious aspect of the ECB 's position was its threat not to accept restructured government bonds as collateral if the ratings agencies decided that the restructuring should be classified as a credit event .
His was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit .
The banks claim that lending remains constrained by a shortage of creditworthy borrowers , owing to the sick economy .
But some of the simplest and most important precepts , formulated well before these micro-foundations were well established -- such as the fact that temporary income tax cuts are unlikely to be effective , while temporary investment tax credits can be extremely powerful -- are as valid today as ever .
As in East Asia after its crisis of 1998 , what inhibits these restorative forces is a lack of credit .
This lack of credit stifled growth , which contributed to the country 's economic woes ; and now credit has virtually dried up .
To be sure , some domestic banks continue to provide credit .
But if the recovery is to be sustained credit must be expanded , either by creating new financial institutions or by expanding existing ones .
Here credit cooperatives may be particularly important , given the seeming lack of confidence in the more traditional banking sector .
Revival of trade credit is also urgent - its importance was recognized early on during East Asia 's crisis , where Japan , in a good neighborly gesture , provided $ 30 billion dollars through the Miyazawa initiative , much of which went to finance trade credit and help restart the economy .
If the private sector can not improve the availability of credit on its own , and no good neighbor steps forward to help , as Japan did in East Asia , government must take a more active role in restructuring the existing credit institutions as well as creating new ones .
Would government involvement in providing credit create dangerous levels of inflation ?
Directing credit in order to increase supply of goods need not be inflationary ; on the contrary , the increased supply of domestically produced goods may be an effective instrument for combating inflation .
It is only the credit expansion that such expenditures allow which might be inflationary .
In an economy with vast problems , underutilization of resources , and a massive lack of credit , a modest credit expansion would not in fact lead to high inflation .
Centering attention on reactivation makes clear why the focus on IMF credits is misguided .
IMF credits will go to repay the IMF , not to reactivate the economy .
Supposedly , the IMF credit will `` restore confidence '' in the economy , but whether it does so depends on the conditions that are imposed .
If , on the other hand , IMF credit is obtained on reasonable terms , it will make a positive contribution .
Indeed , IMF credit will do little to address the key economic issues , except to the extent that it frees up money from other international sources and those funds are used to reactivate the economy .
It is , of course , in times of economic downturn that countries worry most about their credit rating , so the IMF stance is particularly unhelpful .
If these banks also have a commercial bank division , they may have an incentive to maintain credit lines beyond a prudent level , because to cut such lines would put at risk high potential future revenues from mergers and acquisitions and stock and bond issues .
In real terms , they are forced to pay back more and more to their creditors .
Meanwhile , the yen would weaken , helping exports , and even if the real exchange rate did not change much , given Japan 's position as a major creditor , the yen value of its foreign holdings would increase , providing still more economic stimulus .
-LRB- If one worried about double taxation , one could allow a credit for corporate taxes on individual tax returns . -RRB-
Similarly , central banks adopted monetarism with a fervor in the late 1970 's and early 1980 's , just as empirical evidence discrediting the underlying theories was mounting .
The American government also played an important role in developing the country 's financial markets -- by providing credit directly or through government-sponsored enterprises , and by partially guaranteeing a quarter or more of all loans .
Unfortunately , it did not recognize that as a major creditor it could never be viewed as an impartial judge , and so could not have a pivotal role .
But the Bush administration 's exclusion of creditor countries like France , Germany , and Russia from Iraqi reconstruction contracts undermines this hope .
In Brazil , the IMF is given credit for averting another disaster , but at what price ?
At the very least , markets like ETS should credit emissions reductions that result from limiting deforestation .
In practice , however , when restrictive monetary policy is implemented without sufficient attention to the development of financial institutions oriented toward providing credit to small and\/or medium-sized domestic firms , it is almost impossible to create new jobs and enterprises .
Likewise , micro-credit schemes throughout the developing world have provided finance for the poor to expand their economic enterprise , with repayment rates that are truly impressive .
When you 're poor , you do n't have a credit card , and most of the stranded were especially strapped for funds because it was the end of the month .
We ca n't know , but there is little doubt that those `` managing '' the economy receive more credit than they deserve , if sometimes less blame .
So Greenspan can not be given credit for the boom .
James Wolfensohn , the Bank 's previous president , and I are widely credited with putting corruption on the Bank 's agenda , against opponents who regarded corruption as a political issue , not an economic one , and thus outside the Bank 's mandate .
Indeed , some countries with large dollar reserves -- hardly in need of World Bank credit -- borrowed from the Bank at far higher interest rates than they were getting from the United States , believing that these procedures would help ensure high-quality projects free of corruption and become standard in other areas .
For the past several decades , the IMF has focused on bailing out creditors and pushing the neo-liberal agenda .
While some rising incomes came from remittances from family members who had migrated to coastal cities , the farmers , too , were better off , with new crops and better seeds : the government was selling , on credit , high-grade seeds with a guaranteed rate of germination .
They learned the hard way what happens to countries otherwise , as the IMF and US Treasury marched in , took away economic sovereignty and demanded policies intended to enhance repayment to Western creditors , which plunged their economies into deep recessions and depressions .
With the IMF so dominated by the US -LRB- it is the only country with a veto -RRB- and Europe -LRB- which , by custom , appoints its head -RRB- , the Fund was long seen as representing the interests of international creditors .
But lack of transparency played a central role in this past summer 's credit crunch ; toxic mortgages were sliced and diced , spread around the world , packaged with better products , and hidden away as collateral , so no one could be sure who was holding what .
So much money was pumped into the economy and so lax were regulators that one leading American bank advertised its loans with the slogan `` qualified at birth '' -- a clear indication that there were , in effect , no credit standards .
After monetarism was discredited -- at great cost to those countries that succumbed to it -- the quest began for a new mantra .
First , politicians , or central bankers , should not be blamed for imported inflation , just as we should not give them credit for low inflation when the global environment is benign .
He is also sometimes given credit for America 's low inflation during his tenure .
Monetary policy can be used in countries where interest rates remain high , but its effectiveness in a credit squeeze is likely to be limited .
Foreign banks are cutting credit .
The combination of tighter credit conditions in the advanced economies and dimmer economic prospects in low-income countries is hitting investment flows .
This has allowed Ma 's administration to claim credit for improving relations with China . But the fundamental causes underlying the threat of a China-Taiwan war -- and conflict between China and the US , which has long been committed to supporting Taiwan should China seek to determine its status unilaterally -- have not been removed .
For the past five years , the US has been sucking in more than $ 2 billion a day of other countries ' savings , as the easy provision of domestic credit on an unprecedented scale has allowed households to spend more than they earn .
Moreover , with less government support , rural credit has often become prohibitively expensive .
National economic development strategies were replaced with donor-favored poverty-reduction programs , such as land-titling , micro-credit , and `` bottom of the pyramid '' marketing to the poor .
For example , micro-credit has empowered millions of women , while important lessons have been learned from such schemes ' design and implementation .
But the likelihood of another crisis is quite small , and its adverse impact would be far less devastating this time around , as there are no more massive credit or asset bubbles to burst .
Growing income inequality in most countries before the Great Recession only made matters worse , by reducing household savings and increasing credit for consumption and asset purchases , rather than augmenting investment in new economic capacity .
Taiwan deserves great credit for standing on its own two feet , despite the international isolation imposed .
The election was a credit to the country 's democratic yearnings -- and I say that as the chairman of the European Parliament 's short-term election observation mission to Bangladesh .
Until recently , Muslim fundamentalists were discredited , because militias such as `` al-Badr '' and `` Razakar '' had supported atrocities against civilians during the civil war of 1971 .
To its credit -- albeit under pressure from donor countries -- the Bengali authorities seem to sense that their country is drifting toward becoming a failed state and are making greater efforts to arrest Islamist killers , despite some of them being part of the ruling coalition .
Some two-thirds of Iranian industry , most of it state controlled , relies on German engineering exports , 65 % of which in 2005 came with export credit insurance guarantees from the German government .
For example , British Petroleum -LRB- BP -RRB- , to its credit , has disinvested from Iran on ethical grounds , an example that other European firms should follow .
Europe 's political leaders need to recognize that now is the time to facilitate change in Iran by suspending export credit guarantees , stopping EIB financing , and speaking with a united voice .
To its credit , the European Commission also issued strong calls to member states for better legislation and practices concerning migration .
George W. Bush 's administration should be credited for giving overdue recognition to India , but this was done primarily on a bilateral basis .
A tradition of conservative banking regulation and a tough-minded Governor of the Reserve Bank -LRB- India 's central bank -RRB- ensured that Indian banks did not acquire the toxic debts flowing from sub-prime loans , credit-default swaps , and over-inflated housing prices that assailed Western banks .
Its banks and financial institutions were not tempted to buy the mortgage-supported securities and credit-default swaps that ruined several Western financial institutions .
The authorities pursued pro-growth policies , including lower interest rates , expanded credit , and a reduction in excise duties .
To its credit , the Brazilian government has revoked policies that had previously encouraged land clearing in the Amazon , and has mandated that 80 % of privately owned forestland be used only for sustainable management of forest resources .
· The Kyoto Protocol 's Clean Development Mechanism allows for the trade of carbon credits for reforestation .
This process is already underway , particularly in Italy and France , through cuts in social security contributions for lower-paid workers , tighter conditions for drawing unemployment benefits , and tax credits for `` the working poor . ''
We now know that the best credit must stand behind the rest , or else bear runs , such as those that have derailed Greece , Ireland , and Portugal -- and that now threaten to do the same to Italy and Spain -- are inevitable .
The obvious problem with eurobonds is moral hazard : how to prevent fiscally irresponsible countries from free-riding on the credit-worthiness of other member states .
A board of 17 people , one from each eurozone economy , would be unwieldy , and unlikely to win the support of the eurozone 's principal creditor countries .
At the same time , a board dominated by the creditor economies would be unlikely to win the backing of the debtor countries .
And , while various creditor countries rightly fear that eurobonds would push up their borrowing costs and constitute a transfer union , opponents might eventually come around to seeing eurobonds as the least bad option .
Even those countries that were better prepared were made painfully aware of the after-effects of crisis : export markets collapsed , commodity prices fell , and credit markets seized up .
We must reckon with a huge increase in bankruptcies -- as well as with impaired credit markets and high unemployment .
As credit markets remain squeezed , retaining liquidity , and rolling over and refinancing debt , will also pose serious challenges .
If it can be convincingly shown that a group has been the victim of a past injustice , the group in question obtains a bottomless line of moral credit .
It noted that `` borrowers at risk of significant mortgage payment increases remained a small minority , concentrated mostly among higher-income households that were aware of the attendant risks , '' and concluded that `` indications are that credit and risk allocation mechanisms in the U.S. housing market have remained relatively efficient . ''
Self-help has replaced the discredited notion that foreign countries will come to Russia 's rescue .
Russia 's worsening credit rating and the tougher borrowing terms in the international market are forcing Russia to compete harder for capital .
Thus , only 18 months before the crisis erupted , the April 2006 GFSR approvingly recorded `` a growing recognition that the dispersion of credit risks to a broader and more diverse group of investors ... has helped make the banking and wider financial system more resilient .
The improved resilience may be seen in fewer bank failures and more consistent credit provision . '' Market completion , in other words , was the key to a safer system .
All of this implies that the crucial problem is not the fiscal cost of rescue , but the macroeconomic volatility induced by precarious credit supply -- first provided too easily and at too low a price , and then severely restricted .
Just as the US Federal Reserve has engaged in credit and currency swaps with Brazil , Mexico , Singapore , and South Korea and other countries to ease their access to the dollars they need , the European Central Bank must offer such swap arrangements to Europe 's non-euro countries in order for trade and production processes to continue .
It is , after all , President Kuchma who is discredited , not Ukraine 's constitutional arrangements .
Now we must lead a nation in which -- thanks to the cynical ploys and hate-filled rhetoric of a discredited regime -- some sections seem to be set against the democracy we seek to build .
At the least , companies should earn carbon credits for the CO2 they capture and store .
With official figures widely discredited , private analysts estimate that consumer prices are rising at an annual rate of 25 % or more .
Cut off from credit , Argentina entered a deflationary spiral .
It would be far preferable to exchange them for Eurobonds , backed by the full faith and credit of all eurozone countries .
Fads , Frenzies , and Finance Barcelona -- The financial crisis , credit crunch , and ensuing economic downturn have severely damaged the credibility of financial markets , institutions , and traders .
George Soros 's recent book on the credit crisis is a good example of this line of thinking .
Psychiatry 's Conceptual Malpractice NEW YORK -- The American Psychiatric Association 's recent proposed changes to its official diagnostic manual -- the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- `` DSM '' -RRB- , often called the `` bible of psychiatry '' -- may discredit psychiatric diagnosis more than improve it .
The figures for credit cards are even lower -- only around 3 % of Europeans have a card from a non-domestic provider .
The second candidate is Adolfo Rodríguez Saá , who proudly announced during his farcical seven-day tenure as provisional president in December 2001 that Argentina would default on its commitments to international creditors .
Medvedev recently warned that Russia 's `` military-industrial complex is starting to be affected by credit problems , '' stoking fears of a return to the paralyzing payment crises that plagued the defense sector during the 1990 's .
First , people are more resilient than we give them credit for .
In the near term , the most likely counterweight could be a liberal coalition with a heavy component of former members of deposed President Hosni Mubarak 's National Democratic Party -LRB- NDP -RRB- -- that is , those who have not been discredited by their association with Mubarak .
All the talk of an improved NATO-European Union partnership is mainly wasted breath . `` Intensified strategic dialogue in Brussels '' in practice boils down to the chilling specter of interminable joint committee meetings at which one nation 's ambassador to NATO explains his government 's position to a compatriot diplomat who is accredited to the EU , and vice-versa .
And , at a time when the Chinese government , America 's main creditor , has begun sending clear signals about its preferences for US domestic policy -- even as it ignores American criticism of its human rights record -- are the Tea Partiers merely being paranoid ?
For example , it took a `` conspiracy theorist , '' Alex Jones , to turn up documentation of microwave technologies to be used by police forces on US citizens . The New Yorker confirmed the story much later -- without crediting the original source .
She surrounded herself with extremely well-informed advisers who specialized in such important issues as women 's critical role in the developing world in raising educational levels , managing population growth , containing environmental degradation , and building up microcredit economies .
America 's president-elect may even understand that his choice for secretary of state learned to look at statecraft and global policy in that way by sitting with and listening to a formerly dirt-poor woman in a sari in a dusty village commons -- a woman who has now become a small-scale microcredit entrepreneur , and is helping to educate and feed her family .
Nice start , and the credit goes both to Obama and to the millions of Americans who stood up and took risks to fight against gathering tyranny .
Of the $ 40 billion owed to its creditors in the Paris Club , Russia has paid $ 15 billion ahead of schedule , and its foreign exchange reserves have more than tripled , to more than $ 250 billion .
Latin America 's Resilient Housing Market New York -- As the consequences of the sub-prime mortgage meltdown in the United States spread through global markets , will one of the most positive trends in Latin America -- the expansion of local credit markets , which has dramatically expanded access to homeownership throughout the region -- be jeopardized ?
Banks are creatively tapping into migrant worker remittances , multiple-family households , and other previously overlooked sources of potential income and creditworthiness .
Similarly , the spread of microfinance lending has made capital available to borrowers who until recently were not seen as creditworthy .
`` It 's natural that the state of global markets will have some kind of ripple effect , '' says Greg Kabance , managing director for Latin American structured finance at Fitch Ratings , the international credit ratings agency . `` But Latin American countries , from a credit standpoint , are a lot better off than they have ever been to withstand turbulence and weather global market problems . ''
In his 2000 book The Mystery of Capital , Peruvian economist Hernando de Soto argued that access to credit is a powerful under-used force for development .
There is a clear lesson to be learned from the US , where easy credit created complacency on the part of authorities , opportunity for charlatans , and tragedy for those who lost or will lose their homes .
Americans homeowners came to treat their houses as cash machines from which they withdrew equity lines of credit for consumption instead of investment .
At the same time , expanded access to credit has supported a building boom to meet vast untapped demand .
Ironically , then , the expanded access to mortgage lending that creates new homeowners in Latin America may end up protecting the region from the disaster that too-loose credit created in the US .
Yet this process leaves the rights of creditors undefended , eliciting widespread criticism .
For example , if the required majority of shareholders adopts such a plan , the court should protect the rights of the minority of creditors who may have opposed it .
And if the liquidation rate for creditors ' common claims is defined as no lower than that at the time the draft restructuring plan was submitted for approval , compensation must be considered in the event that payment is delayed .
For example , the state has granted a $ 4.2 billion loan to the aluminum magnate Oleg Deripaska -LRB- who held first place on the Forbes list before the crisis -RRB- to pay off Western creditors .
The state , which is seeking to rescue the domestic automobile industry , allocated to the firm more credits through state-owned banks .
Demonstrations and meetings were organized . Posters were hung everywhere to remember the number of days of his ordeal . But the Shalit family is given the most credit : they left their home in a small village in Galilee to camp out for more than a year near the prime minister 's residence in Jerusalem , reminding the Israeli public of the victim 's suffering and pushing the government to accept Hamas 's conditions .
Ecuador needed to go all the way to a `` credit event '' in December 2008 to be able to purchase the bonds at bargain prices .
Unlike the US , China did not suffer from a liquidity shortage and a credit crunch during the global financial crisis .
Thus , low interest rates and non-market interference , rather than demand from enterprises , fueled explosive credit growth in the first half of 2009 , surpassing the full-year target .
If commercial banks had been allowed to base lending decisions solely on economic considerations , credit and money supply would have grown more slowly , limiting the risk of rising bad-loan ratios , stalled enterprise reform , inflationary pressure , and a resurgence of asset bubbles as excess liquidity enters equity and real-estate markets .
This decentralized delivery of goods relies on employees working for two weeks before receiving a paycheck , companies offering each other lines of credit , and banks offering bridge loans .
Indeed , the economist Robert Mundell , whose work on optimal monetary zones is credited with laying the theoretical groundwork for the euro , insists that China should maintain its fixed exchange rate as a necessary part of its current phase of economic development .
As a result , credit controls on investment projects and a close watch on the money supply have been used to promote macroeconomic stability since China began its market reforms .
In order to curb investment demand , tighter credit rationing and monetary policy are inevitable in 2008 , while investment projects and land use will be subject to more rigorous control .
Since we do not have time for Chapter 11 proceedings and we do not want to bail out all the creditors , the lesser evil is to do what judges do in contentious and overextended bankruptcy processes : impose a restructuring plan on creditors , with part of the debt forgiven in exchange for equity or warrants .
If everyone expects that a credit-rating downgrade will make Italian debt unsustainable , Italy will indeed default after a downgrade , regardless of the downgrade 's real economic effects .
Bond investors ' heavy reliance on credit-rating agencies , which tend to be laxer with powerful issuers , has not been fixed .
After all , the fixes had already been decided and approved , before any fact was found ; the Commission 's focus was on supporting or discrediting -LRB- depending on the commissioner 's political party -RRB- the Dodd\/Frank legislation , rather than on establishing the truth .
The goal would not be to rescue banks and their creditors , but to minimize the disruption that an uncontrolled default might cause .
When a large financial institution is insolvent , the IMF should take it over , guaranteeing its short-term obligations , but wiping out the shareholders and repaying the long-term creditors only after all the other creditors -LRB- including the IMF itself -RRB- are repaid .
First , rigid rules that wipe out shareholders and penalize long-term creditors are a clear deterrent from bankers ' point of view .
Having access to insured credit , banks ' shareholders find it irresistible to borrow excessively .
As Oliver Hart and I explained in a recent paper , this can be done easily , with a regulator intervening every time the credit-default swaps on the financial institutions ' debt becomes too high .
The second shaky principle is that , in order to validate these instruments , issuers of CDOs relied on credit-rating agencies .
Once again , it relies on overcollateralization , an assumption on the joint distribution of possible outcomes , and the inevitable seal of approval of the three major credit rating agencies .
Given this , how free are credit rating agencies to express their opinion on the very institutions that will regulate them ?
CHICAGO -- The launch of two European antitrust investigations into the market for credit default swaps -LRB- CDS -RRB- might appear to be no more than a political vendetta against one of the alleged culprits behind the 2010 European sovereign-debt crisis .
First , when they transact among themselves , large players do not insist on an adequate amount of collateral , relying on the counterparty 's generic creditworthiness -LRB- and on the implicit guarantees that governments provided to large firms -RRB- .
We are moving into a new danger zone , with heightened risks to exports and investment , to credit , banking systems , budgets , and balances of payments .
For developing countries , tighter credit conditions and much weaker growth mean that governments are less able to meet education and health goals , and to invest in the infrastructure needed to sustain growth .
Countries are trying to break the credit freeze , bolster financial institutions , ease interest rates , strengthen safety nets , and revive consumption and investment in order to boost business , enable people to work , and lay the foundation for future growth .
This increase is aimed at protecting the poorest and most vulnerable from harm , supporting countries that face borrowing problems because of broken credit markets , and helping to sustain investments upon which recovery and long-term development will depend .
