Investing in futures becomes both a hedge against a weakening dollar and an investment vehicle that could yield substantial profit , particularly in a climate of vanishing excess oil production capacity , increasing demand , declining interest rates , a slumping real estate market , and crisis in the banking industry .
Indeed , because oil prices were rising while the dollar was declining , capacity expansion by oil firms failed to meet forecasts for non-OPEC production in the last three years .
Apparel production is a prime example of China 's declining competiveness in markets dependent on low-cost labor .
Of the many factors that have decreased the share of consumption in China 's economy , declining household disposable income has been central .
With personal incomes rising strongly , poverty is declining , while 68 % of Russia 's college-age youth now attend universities .
As a result , Russia 's gas exports to Europe have started declining .
They are also now suffering from water shortages and a budget deficit that has been exacerbated by declining oil revenues .
Interestingly , all the available measures of actual corruption were already declining before the Kaczy?ski twins were elected .
Europe and the Global Food Crisis PARIS -- The world has been shaken by unprecedented spikes in food prices , by hunger riots , and by social tensions that demonstrate that food supplies have returned as a source of insecurity -- to which global warming and declining natural resources are adding unprecedented urgency .
But over the past 20 years , support for agricultural development has been declining .
If in two years the bank 's assets have a 50-50 chance of appreciating to $ 1.2 billion or declining to $ 0.8 billion , the bank will be able to raise new equity capital : new investors will be willing to pay for the prospect of sharing in the excess of the value of assets over obligations if things turn out well .
A second problem with executives being free to time the sales of their stock options and shares is that such freedom provides them with an incentive to use their influence over company disclosures to rig the stock price from declining before they execute their trades .
Admittedly , Obama inherited a collapsing financial system , a declining world order , and the ever-present threat of global terrorism .
Erdogan 's neo-Ottomanism is not a return to an idyllic Ottoman Commonwealth ; it is more a clash between a rising radical axis , led by two major non-Arab powers -LRB- Turkey and Iran -RRB- , and the declining Arab conservative regimes .
But its real power stems from the degree to which it reflects America 's mood in an era of declining global influence and diminishing expectations regarding the relevance of military power to sustaining US global hegemony .
European leaders waste political energy and capital to meet demanding budget targets , while nothing is done to address the really vital challenges : aging populations , high tax burdens , declining competitiveness .
Meanwhile , consumers who held a substantial fraction of their wealth in housing were forced to revise their consumption plans in the face of declining values .
To the extent that it is used to prop up declining industries , the stimulus could even prove harmful by delaying necessary adjustments .
Iraqi statistics , which define unemployment more expansively , show rates in percent declining from the mid-twenties to the teens in the past two years .
Turnout is declining in many countries ; in the case of elections to the European Parliament , the level of voter participation is so risibly low as to call into question the legitimacy of the result .
Other indices -- such as sharply declining membership rolls -- confirm that parties have become unpopular .
In the United Kingdom , where this did not happen in the 1970s and 1980s , every university place could have been filled with a Continental European trying to escape declining institutions at home .
Furthermore , the survey showed that declining trust was strongly correlated with financial behavior .
Unfortunately , none of the net reduction in the US unemployment rate over the past year came from increases in the employment-to-population ratio ; all of it came from declining labor-force participation . Unemployment has fallen from 10.1 % over the course of the past 18 months , but the employment-to-population ratio has remained stuck at 58.4 % .
There , real GDP growth and declining unemployment show a solid , well-entrenched , and rapid recovery -- to the point that inflation will soon become a more significant macroeconomic problem than job creation .
Real investment -LRB- investment adjusted for the declining prices of high-tech and information-related capital goods -RRB- continued to roar ahead .
As more time passes with neither the value of the dollar declining sharply nor market forces beginning to shrink America 's current-account deficit -- which may well reach $ 1 trillion this year -- two diametrically opposed reactions are emerging .
Capital flight , interest-rate spikes , declining private investment , and a collapse in the value of the dollar -- all of these are likely should financial markets lose confidence in a Fed chairman .
Saddled with an economic contraction of 8 % of GDP , higher than any other Latin American country , Mexico is also slipping in the global competitiveness index , lags behind in key social indicators , is being downgraded by investment ratings agencies , and faces the prospect of declining oil revenues , owing to a dramatic drop in production .
In the coming months , nearly every region in the world will experience economic deceleration , with exports declining and unemployment increasing .
Similarly , mismatch problems hindered the transfer of human resources from declining to expanding sectors .
During the last 20 years , economic growth has been based on rising asset prices and declining borrowing costs for consumers and companies .
Labor mobility has been declining .
It will undermine labor 's skills and productivity . It will accentuate the burden imposed on the gradually declining number of people who remain in the labor force and have jobs .
The population is declining , but immigration is blocked for ideological reasons .
Believers in oil scarcity point to the sustained annual average increase of oil prices from 2002 to 2008 , declining output in many areas of the world , and the absence -LRB- until recently off the coast of Brazil -RRB- of large-scale oil discoveries in the last few decades .
But , while the declining dollar does reduce Americans ' purchasing power , the magnitude of this effect is not large , because imports account for only about 15 % of US gross domestic product .
While the ECB has limited room for maneuver , regulatory changes and revenue-neutral shifts in the tax structure -LRB- for example , a temporary investment tax credit financed by a temporary increase in the corporate tax rate -RRB- could provide the stimulus needed to offset declining net exports .
Before it began rising last year , the US household saving rate had been declining for more than 20 years in response to the increasing level of household wealth .
Unless house prices have stopped declining , it is important for the Obama administration to turn to the problem of high loan-to-value ratios .
Even more worrying , the rate of GDP growth has been declining almost from the start of the recovery .
That pattern of rising prices and declining real earnings repeated itself in February and March , with a sharp rise in the consumer price index causing real average weekly earnings to decline at an annual rate of more than 5 % .
As a result , 10 % of mortgages are now in default or foreclosure , creating an overhang of properties that will have to be sold at declining prices .
The fiscal-stimulus program enacted in 2009 is coming to an end , with stimulus spending declining from $ 400 billion in 2010 to only $ 137 billion this year .
This reflects the declining share of wages in total GDP and the rising share of savings relative to household incomes .
But this wo n't provide the quick fix that the Bush administration yearns for , because a declining dollar need not bring about an equivalent rise in the price of US imports .
Immigration controls , for example , have been relaxed in several European countries -LRB- notably Germany -RRB- due to declining populations and educational shortcomings .
Turkey has suffered from rising oil prices , falling tourism income -LRB- its second-largest source of foreign exchange -RRB- , and declining foreign investment .
With populations stagnating -LRB- or declining in many parts of Europe and Japan -RRB- , the existing stock of housing is exchanged among different parts of the population , and typically bequeathed from old to young .
All previous peaks were followed by several years of declining prices -LRB- in real terms -RRB- .
The country 's population now numbers less than Pakistan 's and is declining by 500,000 people per year , leaving large portions of its vast landmass mostly uninhabited .
Amid all the attention being devoted to China and the potential for competition or even conflict with the US , it should not be forgotten that Russia 's future hangs in the balance , for history suggests that declining powers can pose as great a challenge to world order as rising ones .
In Afghanistan , US force levels have peaked and are declining ; the only questions concern the pace of withdrawal and the size and role of any residual US military presence after 2014 .
When , despite sound public finances , the Mexican crisis erupted in 1994 , the blame was shifted to low and declining domestic savings .
It is an attempt by a declining power to use its restrained capabilities in a more economical way .
And California , too , is suffering massive fiscal difficulties and declining competitiveness in some of the industries in which Californians were once pioneers .
It is easy to suspect that this is not just a concession to changing social mores , but that it also reflects a desire to include as many declining prices as possible .
Wartime inflation destroyed stability in the Russian empire in 1917 , as farmers , worried about the declining value of their money , hoarded their output and let the cities starve .
They see a declining superpower using economic , military , and diplomatic means in an unrelenting effort to prevent China 's rise .
The ensuing massive bank bailout , plus continued budget deficits and declining nominal GNP , means that Ireland 's debt is ballooning , while its capacity to pay has collapsed .
Although America and the West may have felt as if jihadist terrorism was declining in its ferocity , in Afghanistan , Pakistan , and India , no such feeling of false security ever took hold .
To be sure , this complex web of interconnected events reflects the declining global role of the US .
But now Japan 's political and economic influence in South East Asia is gradually declining , owing in part to its failure to exert influence over security and defense matters .
The United States , Europe , Japan , Australia , and Canada have all seen declining birth rates as well .
This , of course , raises the broader question of whether declining birthrates , in Russia and elsewhere , imply a crisis of the liberal idea of freedom , with its focus on individual rights ?
Clearly , the belief that liberalism is at fault for declining birth rates and dysfunctional families has gained currency in the West , which now produces popular books like Pat Buchanan 's The Death of the West .
The fundamental weakness of Russia 's emerging political system , with its excessive centralization , its reliance on individual personnel rather than institutions , and the declining quality of its management , is starting to show .
Its investment plans are overextended outside of Russia -- part of the imperial policy -- while domestic exploration for new sources is declining , as foreign companies have been forced to surrender stakes in projects such as the huge gas development on Sakhalin Island .
Thus , instead of investing in the energy industry -- the lifeblood of the economy -- in order to reverse declining output , the Kremlin is devoting its energy to a presidential commission to `` counteract attempts to falsify history to the detriment of Russia 's interests . '' This means that the state will decide which interpretations of history should be considered `` true , '' creating endless opportunities for manipulation to serve the agenda of those in power .
Today , however , Japanese driving schools suffer from a fall-off in students , which can not be explained solely by declining population .
To protect itself from the declining greenback , China and other countries are converting a portion of their accumulated dollar reserves into euros .
Transforming Science Education CHICAGO -- Throughout the West , declining standards in science education are threatening future prosperity .
But this dominance is waning , as evidenced by its declining use as an official reserve currency , as well as for invoicing goods and services , denominating international claims , and anchoring exchange rates .
More importantly , we rarely hear that the Antarctic sea ice is not only not declining , but is above average for the past year .
IPCC models would expect declining sea ice in both hemispheres , but , whereas the Arctic is doing worse than expected , Antarctica is doing better .
First , the EU still spends far more of its resources subsidizing declining sectors than preparing for the future .
The LDP 's declining vote is attributable largely to Abe 's mishandling of pension fund issues , particularly his late admission of knowledge last December about 50 million `` lost '' pension files .
Abe is now confronting the legacy of this strategy : domestic polarization between highly educated and unskilled labor , between competitive and declining sectors , and between urban and rural areas .
Indeed , there is growing concern on both sides of the Pacific that Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama intends to turn away from the declining US hegemon and reach out to a rising China .
Both are victims : the buyer is a victim of morbidity and declining social solidarity , while the seller is a victim of poverty and other forms of financial distress .
Poverty has been drastically reduced , and income inequality is declining , as the middle class swells .
First , Brazil should adopt a medium-term fiscal framework that targets a gradually declining path for public debt , including a commitment to adjusting the target for the primary budget surplus accordingly .
Similarly , the survey found declining support for an Islamic state .
What is trendy at Davos this year is to view the crisis as reflecting two deep global trends -- for example , the declining clout of the United States .
Of course , if the international economic environment had been more favourable , and if there were not so much legitimate concern about declining purchasing power , the French might have shown greater indulgence towards their young president .
While he has seemingly lost touch with the French people , he is deeply aware of and wounded by his declining popularity , and no one should underestimate his ability to reinvent himself with a new government after the municipal elections and greater distance from his immediate entourage .
In this new world , China and Russia are back and America , though still on top , is declining .
The advanced countries are collectively responsible for much of the current stock of carbon in the atmosphere , as well as for a significant -LRB- though declining -RRB- share of the world 's annual emissions .
Higher ages for marriage and declining fertility -- resulting directly from widening use of artificial contraception -- are reducing family size to something much closer to the `` nuclear families '' of the West . The Maghreb region may lead in this regard , but the phenomenon is observable throughout the Arab world , even in the most rigidly conservative states .
Despite serious problems with extraction , production and depletion -LRB- production at three of Russia 's four major fields is already declining -RRB- , the propensity to use hydrocarbon resources as a geo-strategic weapon trumps economics .
But it is a mistake to dismiss America 's declining attractiveness so lightly .
According to many close observers , America 's attractiveness is declining in the region where the allure , or `` soft power , '' of others has increased .
By contrast , if the Communist Party 's Politburo had chosen one of Gorbachev 's hard-line competitors in 1985 , it is plausible that the declining Soviet Union could have held on for another decade or so .
World War I was the trigger that set off the reversal , with economic globalization declining while military globalization increased , as witnessed by two world wars and a global cold war .
This does not imply that expressions of declining confidence in government are not problematic .
Of the four members , Russia has the smallest and most literate population and a much higher per capita income , but , more importantly , many observers believe that Russia is declining while the other three are rising in power resources .
The public-health system is in disarray , mortality rates have increased , and birthrates are declining .
The Shagari government quickly became mired in corruption and inefficiency , plunging the country into debt and a vicious cycle of unemployment , declining productivity , and social unrest .
Europeans continue to look inward , obsessed with their own problems of declining competitiveness and how to pay for entitlements that they have come to regard as theirs by right .
Global marine catches , which had increased rapidly since WWII , stalled in the late 1980 's and have been declining ever since .
His government can claim to have reduced poverty from 35 % to 22 % of the population , and also to have maintained a trend towards lower inequality , with the Gini coefficient -- a 0-1 scale of wealth concentration -- declining from 0.583 in 2003 to 0.548 in 2008 .
Moreover , economists contend that energy consumption per capita is declining , owing to more efficient use .
Housing wealth in the US has fallen by 34 % since its peak in 2006 , and is still declining .
With relatively small populations -- and a declining one in the case of Japan -- these countries have no choice but to rely on exports and external demand to drive economic growth .
As a result , consumption weakened , unsteady employment grew , and unemployment stopped declining .
Ricardo projected `` declining returns '' on investments in resources , whereby the best -LRB- least-cost -RRB- resources are used first , followed by the next best , and so on .
And , while raising so much revenue with so low a tax rate sounds grand , the declining volume of trades would shrink the tax base precipitously .
Indeed , the latest data from Germany -- declining exports , falling factory orders , anemic industrial-production growth , and a slide in investors ' confidence -- suggest that the slowdown has started .
The private sector can spend less and save more , but this would entail an immediate cost known as Keynes ' paradox of thrift : declining economic output and rising debt as a share of GDP .
Still , given a severe financial crisis , declining home prices , and a credit crunch , the US is facing its longest and deepest recession in decades , dashing any hope of a soft landing for the rest of the world .
Foreign investment is also declining , and local production is paralyzed , necessitating expensive imports .
The populations of the Czech Republic , Hungary , Poland , and Estonia are aging and declining just as quickly as the populations of Spain or Italy .
While international diplomacy focused on peacekeeping and on humanitarian efforts to save the lives of displaced and desperate people , peace in Darfur can be neither achieved nor sustained until the underlying crises of poverty , environmental degradation , declining access to water , and chronic hunger are addressed .
In other words , the world can combine economic growth with declining emissions of carbon dioxide .
And , in many places , oil supplies are declining as old oil fields are depleted .
Consumers are pulling back from home and automobile purchases not only because they have suffered a blow to their wealth with declining stock prices and housing values , but also because they do n't know where to turn .
The interplay of voluntary fertility reduction and declining poverty are profound and rapid .
President Barack Obama 's recent speech on the Middle East is a further display of America 's declining influence in the region .
Most countries invest to measure GNP , but spend little to identify the sources of poor health -LRB- like fast foods and excessive TV watching -RRB- , declining social trust , and environmental degradation .
Robert Putnam , the leading scholar of America 's declining sense of community , has found that TV viewing is the central explanation of the decline of `` social capital , '' the trust that binds communities together .
Argentina is vulnerable to external shocks such as declining agricultural commodity prices because Argentina failed to develop a diversified export sector , one in which a broad range of industrial and service sectors are internationally competitive .
This deepened the recession in 2000 and 2001 and led to a rising budget deficit because of declining tax revenues .
Germany , Japan , and Russia already have declining workforces .
But , with birth rates declining there , too , current trends suggest that its population will probably stabilize at 1.55 billion in the early 2050 's , a full decade ahead of -- and 170 million people below -- the UN 's forecast .
One result of all this is that the relative number of working-age individuals between 15-64 who pay the taxes to support pensioners is declining much faster in the industrial world than in developing countries , where populations remain young and grow rapidly .
The collapse of world oil and gas prices has wounded Russia 's budget , and lack of investment in the country 's energy sector over the years is now causing the declining production that economists have long predicted .
Aided by advanced information technology , financial institutions will be democratized and made available to everyone , which will go a long way toward solving today 's problems of increasing inequality and declining economic vitality .
In the US , yields on ten-year Treasuries have averaged 4.14 % above the rate of inflation throughout the period of declining inflation that began in April 1980 .
The public 's failure to recognize inflation trends meant that long-term bonds were a terrible investment until 1980 , when inflation was only a little lower than yields , and a lucrative investment thereafter , when declining inflation and high yields guaranteed large real gains .
According to the IMF , world inflation , as measured by consumer price indices , has generally been declining since 2005 , and has picked up only slightly in 2007 .
True , savings rates in emerging markets and oil-rich countries have been increasing since 1970 , and especially in the last few years , but this has been offset by declining saving rates in advanced countries .
In fact , willingness to support the market after a sudden drop may be declining .
Instead of seeing private car ownership as a sign of prosperity , the city hails a declining number of cars -- and rising use of public transport -- as a sign of progress in reducing greenhouse gas emissions while encouraging a healthier lifestyle in which people are more inclined to walk or ride a bike .
The prices of US homes are also declining at an accelerating rate , in many areas by more than 10 % per year .
Whether it is enough to compensate homeowners for the wealth losses resulting from declining house prices and to prevent the impending recession remains to be seen .
Overall employment , which is still high in historical terms , has been declining continuously since the beginning of 2008 .
While US imports are declining sharply , German imports are holding up -- without any economic stimulus plan .
But the contraction will be primarily because of declining exports , a large portion of which consists of investment goods , as well as the drop in domestic equipment investment .
Germany , with its notoriously low inflation rate , may be among the first countries to experience declining prices .
As a result , its exports contain an ever-increasing share of imported goods and services and the share of domestic value-added in its exports per unit of output is rapidly declining .
Fewer hours worked , longer vacations , and a declining population -LRB- since 2005 -RRB- have , predictably , undermined Japanese growth .
The alternative is frightening , because a declining superpower losing both political and economic dominance but still preserving military supremacy is a dangerous mix .
The eurozone 's immediate challenge is declining fiscal stability in a subset of countries whose credit ratings are falling and debt-service costs rising .
And now , as the administration shifts to a more central focus on restoring growth and employment , it risks getting bogged down as declining economic performance relative to expectations translates into waning political support .
Recent studies by the International Monetary Fund indicate that in most advanced countries , including the US , the growth in budget deficits was largely automatic , owing far more to declining tax revenues and rising expenditures on unemployment benefits than to stimulus spending .
But continued high growth in emerging markets depends on avoiding a second major downturn in the advanced economies , which continue to absorb a large -LRB- though declining -RRB- share of their exports .
Imports could fall , as they did during the crisis , but that was due to declining demand , not to a shift in demand in favor of domestic producers .
At present , almost any standard measure of the concentration of global economic power would show a declining trend .
Combined with their low and declining GDP growth prospects , their debt burdens are becoming sufficiently onerous to raise questions about whether they can stabilize the situation and restore growth on their own .
But the declining value of their sovereign debt -- and the size of that debt relative to that of Europe 's smaller distressed countries -- implies much greater erosion of banks ' capital base , raising the additional risk of liquidity problems and further economic damage .
Then , with the immediate default risk removed , money stormed out of risky assets into Treasuries to wait out the economic bad news -- mainly feeble and declining growth , employment stagnation , and falling equity prices .
Learning the Lessons of Iraq NEW YORK -- The Iraq war has been replaced by the declining economy as the most important issue in America 's presidential election campaign , in part because Americans have come to believe that the tide has turned in Iraq : the troop `` surge '' has supposedly cowed the insurgents , bringing a decline in violence .
America , and the world , is also facing a major structural problem , not unlike that at the beginning of the last century , when productivity increases in agriculture meant that a rapidly declining share of the population could find work there .
If a few bankers get much richer , average income can go up , even as most individuals ' incomes are declining .
But workers were `` trapped '' in the rural sector : they did n't have the resources to move , and their declining incomes so weakened aggregate demand that urban\/manufacturing unemployment soared .
During America 's growth boom in the 1990s , the Clinton Administration believed that it was worth risking pushing the unemployment rate lower , especially when the social gains -- declining welfare roles , reduced violence -- were added to the direct economic benefits .
If declining confidence in US fiscal policy leads to a weaker dollar , Europe and Asia may find it more difficult to export , and if the deficits prove a drag on the American economy , global growth may stall .
With house prices declining , fewer Americans will be willing and able to continue their profligacy .
But the truth is that America in the Greenspan years benefited from a period of declining commodity prices , and from deflation in China , which helped keep prices of manufactured goods in check .
The third transformation is demographic : the fallout from China 's official one-child policy , which will cause the working-age population to start declining in the mid-2010 's .
These leaders ' departure from office reflected their countries ' internal politics , and their successors will focus more on declining support at home than on regional ambitions .
Unfortunately , productivity growth is declining across Europe , from around 3.5 % annually in the 1970 's to barely 1 % in the 2000 's .
The combination of highly mobilized and vocal indigenous groups -LRB- the Amerindians , mainly located in the western highlands of Bolivia , represent some 55 % of the population -RRB- and the declining influence of traditional elites at a time of socio-economic deterioration , has created a society in which there are more losers than winners .
Mass street protests have started -- not led by opposition political parties but by workers and middle-class families facing job losses and declining wages .
Nowadays , however , declining threat perceptions have fundamentally altered this perspective , and reduced Turkey 's need to act in unison with the West .
These companies are `` Europeanizing '' fast , and the relative weight of their home base is declining even faster .
Optimists also cite evidence that the number of privately owned enterprises more than doubled in the past decade , to nearly 80 % of all enterprises , while the share of state-owned enterprises shrank from 14 % to less than 4 % . Likewise , employment in private enterprises grew by 41 % while declining by 15 % in state enterprises .
Reversing the declining trend in contributions to the Global Environment Facility would be a good start .
Hong Kong 's declining attractiveness as a business center helped push down prices of locally produced goods and services relative to the prices of goods sold overseas .
The French regard with great sadness their declining status and prestige -- not only in world politics , but also in culture , science and , importantly , language .
The `` Dear Leader 's '' declining health will add even more uncertainty and may cause international instability across East Asia .
Trade is declining .
