As the dollar declines , commodities -- including oil -- attract investors .
If nominal oil prices remain constant while the dollar declines , the real income of the oil-producing countries declines , resulting in less investment in additional capacity and maintenance .
Despite strong scientific evidence showing sharp declines in the populations of all three , every proposal for tougher trade controls on these marine species -- along with more than 30 species of coral -- failed to secure the necessary two-thirds majority .
It is clear that there is no scope in the foreseeable future to extend the EU budget in order to increase fiscal transfers to eurozone members affected by sharp declines in consumption .
Five countries are expected to suffer double-digit declines in GDP .
Allowing foreign banks ' subsidiaries to become orphaned amid a worsening crisis in home countries would undermine confidence in emerging Europe 's financial systems , which could trigger asset-price declines and precipitous contractions in credit .
Major middle-income trading economies , such as Brazil , South Korea , Singapore , and Taiwan , experienced brief but even sharper declines .
If the economy declines again -- a highly plausible prospect -- we would have a triple dip , although perhaps not an outright second recession .
There are many circumstances in which a nation 's GNP -LRB- per capita -RRB- increases even while its wealth -LRB- per capita -RRB- declines .
Of course , a situation where GNP increases while wealth declines ca n't last forever .
Even sharper declines are expected in the candidate countries of Central and Eastern Europe , from a total of 105m to 85m , a fall of 20m , or about 20 % .
The latter point , which no doubt reflects the Obama administration 's attempts to reform the dysfunctional system it inherited , is particularly important , as the sharpest declines in investment intentions were among those who had lost confidence in the government 's ability to regulate .
Before that , we had declines in 1946-1949 , 1937-1942 , and the biggest of them all in 1929-1933 .
But stock market declines that are not accompanied by steep and persistent collapses in earnings are by their nature temporary : they are provoked by steep rises in perceived risk , and if those risks turn out to be overblown , stocks rebound when the perception of risk falls .
And how about stock market declines that are accompanied by a steep and persistent collapse in earnings -- by depressions ?
The precariousness of the situation called for early and dramatic declines in interest rates driven by an early restoration in confidence .
For the US the story is mostly neutral : a gain in competitiveness toward Europe , a loss relative to Japan , and with no net gain or loss in competitiveness or trade , scant inflationary effects to speak about , no interest rate hikes or stock declines - nothing to get excited about .
South Korea , the Asian country with the largest share of foreign investment in its securities market , also experienced the sharpest price and exchange-rate declines as those investors , mainly hedge funds , were forced to deleverage and repatriate their funds .
As a proportion of income , it declines almost continuously , from 34 % at the 10th percentile to 3 % at the very top .
As a share of income , it declines sharply from 70 % at the 10th percentile to -16 % at the top -LRB- in other words , the top bracket pays more in taxes than it receives in government benefits -RRB- .
The introduction of the euro , with its implication of a low common rate of inflation , caused sharp declines in interest rates in Greece and several other countries that had previously had high rates .
Although they had experienced large declines in share prices and house values , they had such large amounts of liquid savings in postal savings accounts and in banks that they did not feel the need to increase saving in order to rebuild assets .
Previous reactions to declines in household wealth indicate that such a fall will cut consumer spending by about $ 500 billion every year until wealth is restored .
The resulting layoffs of Chinese factory workers has caused second-round declines in local demand for Chinese goods and services , as Chinese households cut back on their spending .
South Korea , Taiwan , and Thailand will also see declines in consumer price levels .
Since price declines would bring with them wage declines , the ratio of monthly mortgage payments to wage income would rise .
Higher real interest rates discourage credit-financed purchases by households and businesses . This weakens overall demand , leading to steeper declines in prices .
The problem here is that these measures implicitly assume that risk declines when markets are doing well : they demand less capital during calm periods and more capital during volatile periods .
Moreover , the trend over time to a higher service-sector share in the economy suggests that higher real growth in services has not been offset by price declines .
If so , China would have to expand its foreign exchange reserves by another $ 300-400 billion , which would allow it to finance the large expansion in the US fiscal deficit . Recent slight declines in the value of the renminbi suggest that China 's exchange rate policy may be changing following its 20 % appreciation of the currency since July 2005 .
Italy and Greece enjoyed huge declines in the cost of servicing their public debt in comparison to pre-EMU days .
None of the new state-owned factories -LRB- paper , cardboard , milk , urea , cement , textiles , and citric products -RRB- created in recent years is fully up and running , and nationalized companies -LRB- particularly the country 's oil refineries -RRB- have experienced declines in output and efficiency .
Now , as China rises and Japan declines , the old , deep-seated suspicions , tensions , and distrust are resurfacing .
Globalization After the Crisis WASHINGTON , DC -- The world economy has just been through a severe recession marked by financial turmoil , large-scale destruction of wealth , and declines in industrial production and global trade .
And symptoms accumulate : sight is gradually lost , genital lesions appear around puberty -LRB- sometimes increasing risk of HIV -RRB- , and skin condition declines as millions of microscopic worms become intolerably itchy .
With household wealth seriously damaged by the housing crash and other asset-price declines , pensions and retirement provisions are in disarray .
Tremendous declines in computing , communication , and transport costs have democratized technology .
Rather , the economy has become so vulnerable to declines in asset prices that the Fed is obliged to intervene to prevent them from inflicting broad damage .
In effect , the new cycle locks the Fed into an unstable stance whereby it must prevent asset price declines to avert recession , yet must also promote asset bubbles to sustain expansions .
Other factors -- declines in mosquito-control and other public health programs , or rising drug and pesticide resistance -- could be involved .
Typically , however , this type of aid declines very rapidly .
And , most likely , the worst is yet to come : if the Obama administration does not succeed in stabilizing the United States economy in the coming weeks , Latin America will most likely face even steeper declines .
In fact , many emerging markets experienced declines in investment rates .
They are better at adjusting to external economic shocks -LRB- such as terms-of-trade declines or sudden stops in capital inflows -RRB- .
If one currency declines relative to the other , the loser pays the difference .
In all likelihood , a slew of countries will see output declines of 4-5 % in 2009 , with some . having true depression level drops , of 10 % or more .
A vicious cycle of asset-price correction and weaker growth , together with downside surprises that are not currently priced by markets , could lead to further asset-price declines and even weaker growth -- a dynamic that drove the global economy into recession in the first place .
Falling prices mean that the real cost of capital is high and the real value of nominal debts rise , leading to further declines in consumption and investment -- and thus setting in motion a vicious circle in which incomes and jobs are squeezed further , aggravating the fall in demand and prices .
Third , commercial banks also lost heavily in these dealings , wiping out much of their capital . As their capital declines , so , too , do their future loans .
However , the biggest TFR declines in recent years have been in developing countries .
But this may change as the source countries become richer and undergo rapid declines in birth rates .
India , the only large economy whose workforce will grow in sufficient scale over the next three decades , may partly balance the declines expected in other major economies .
Second , in July 2002 , the city of Syracuse , New York , in conjunction with the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation , the Yale School of Management , and Realliquidity , LLC , created home equity insurance that pays out if an index of city home prices declines .
But declines in home prices will not occur quickly when central banks begin to raise interest rates .
The resulting supply surge drives down prices , reinforces expectations of further declines , and produces the inverse of a speculative bubble : a collapse in prices .
That is good news , because there is a pretty strong chance that we are going to see major price declines in a number of cities around the globe in the next few years , and these price declines will cause real pain to many homeowners .
If confidence declines , his historical understanding of the Great Depression of the 1930 's could leave him ill-equipped to prevent such shocks from sinking the US , and the world , economy .
With livelihood insurance , a private insurer would pay a stream of income to a policyholder if an index of average income in the insured person 's occupation and region declines substantially .
The survey that Karl Case and I conducted in May and June of this year , under the auspices of the Yale School of Management , shows sharp declines in short-term expectations for home prices in the US , but relatively little change in long-term expectations .
The increase in housing prices during the 1980 's is now viewed as the veritable model of a boom cycle turned bust . A pattern of sharp price increases , which peaked around 1990 , was followed by declines in cities from Boston and Los Angeles to London , Sydney , and Tokyo , contributing to severe regional recessions .
This may amplify any price declines , especially in `` glamour cities '' and those with weakening economies .
Judging from the historical record , housing price declines fortunately tend to be relatively local , and nationwide drops are unlikely .
In the US , for example , the Standard and Poor 's 500 index in July recorded six days of declines and only three days of increases amounting to more than 1 % .
This news should have been relevant only to China , but the drop there fueled declines worldwide .
Nevertheless , an outside observer might have been struck by the weight given to the possibility that the decade-long boom might well suffer a real reversal , followed by serious declines .
The stunning magnitude of recent declines can not be dismissed as a one-day anomaly caused by a technical trading glitch .
The futures market at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange is now predicting declines of around 15 % more before the prices bottom out in 2010 .
But those who make these forecasts are implying real declines , from peak to trough , of more than 50 % in some places .
Today , capital in the developed world is abundant ; the saving ratio declines as people consume more ; and production shifts increasingly to services , where productivity gains are limited .
Being long CDS , the risk automatically declines if they are wrong .
Of course , rapid declines in asset values had an impact for a few months , but , with less leverage , the impact on net worth was lower and domestic consumption less vulnerable .
All developing countries witnessed a huge fall-off in trade -- much larger than the declines in income and output . Trade bounced back relatively quickly in the second half of 2009 , though this partly reflected the extraordinarily low base .
MILAN -- The recent dramatic declines in equity markets worldwide are a response to the interaction of two factors : economic fundamentals and policy responses -- or , rather , the lack of policy responses .
The Obama administration 's efforts to deal with the real-estate market have been a dismal failure , perhaps succeeding only in postponing further declines .
While a weak dollar may be good for exports , a falling dollar will be accompanied by stock market losses and greater declines in confidence .
It is not clear whether workers will continue to accept declines in their living standards in the name of an unbalanced globalization whose promises seem ever more elusive .
By contrast , the insistence on minimal government and reliance on the market led to precipitous declines in public infrastructure investment , particularly in agriculture .
But Berlusconi 's leadership is based on his skill as a communicator -LRB- which declines as expectations go unfulfilled -RRB- more than on his skill as a mediator among squabbling allies .
Though India 's merchandise exports did register declines of about 30 % , its exports of services continued to do well throughout the crisis .
The GFSR confidently noted that `` stress tests conducted by investment banks show that , even under scenarios of nationwide house price declines that are historically unprecedented , most investors with exposure to subprime mortgages through securitized structures will not face losses . ''
With oil prices plummeting 70 % from their peak -LRB- and similar price declines for metals , Russia 's other major export -RRB- , it is no surprise that Russia is facing severe economic challenges .
But that alliance is unraveling as Germany 's own status declines , owing to its mediocre economic performance and the loss of its prestigious Deutschemark .
