Homeless in Iraq BAGHDAD &#45; &#45; American officials report that the number of sectarian and other killings in Iraq has declined since the onset of the military `` surge . ''
Thereafter , rates would rise with market rates , but never fall when market rates declined .
In the textiles industry , profits declined for the first time in ten years in 2008 .
Stocks of this highly prized fish have declined by up to 80 % since the dawn of industrialized fishing , and this has been on ICCAT 's watch .
The corruption tax -LRB- the percentage of sales paid in bribes -RRB- declined from 1.22 % in 2002 to 0.7 % in 2005 .
Figures recently released by New York 's attorney general , Andrew Cuomo , indicate that nine large financial firms paid their employees aggregate compensation exceeding $ 600 billion in 2003-2008 -- a period in which their aggregate market capitalization substantially declined .
These promises and pledges underscore Islamabad 's growing dependence on foreign assistance , which is not surprising , given that Pakistan 's tax-to-GDP ratio has declined to less than 9 % , the lowest among the 22 largest emerging economies .
A sharp increase in the prices of essential commodities means that the real income of the bottom 60 % of the population has declined .
While the appeal of nuclear power has declined considerably in the West , it has grown among the so-called `` nuclear newcomers , '' which brings with it new challenges , including concerns about proliferation of nuclear weapons .
The rate of return required on safe investments declined from 10 % to 4 % .
Because financial institutions held much of these securities , their market values declined as well , leaving balance sheets in need of restructuring , particularly given their highly leveraged capital structures .
But while America 's hard power dominates the world scene , its soft power declined this year .
Within a decade the funds available per student have declined by 40 % .
For example , using World Bank data on the depreciation of a number of natural resources at the national level , economists estimate that , although GNP per capita has increased in the Indian sub-continent over the past three decades , wealth per capita has declined somewhat .
In sub-Saharan Africa , both GNP per capita and wealth per capita have declined .
Since 2000 , the rate of people dying from AIDS has declined , child-killing diseases like malaria and measles are being tackled more effectively , universal primary education is inching forward , and the targets for safe drinking water are in sight .
The US trade deficit has declined from $ 60 billion a month to just $ 26 billion , according to the most recent data .
The post-Soviet economy crumbled , crime skyrocketed , and life expectancy declined .
The dollar has declined during the past two years against not only the euro but also against most other currencies , including the Japanese yen and the renminbi .
The last time the US faced large budget deficits , in the early 1980 's , inflation declined sharply because of a tight monetary policy .
As they have wound down , spending has declined .
But now that the subsidies have ended , the level of both sales and production has declined .
The overall trade-weighted value of the renminbi has thus declined significantly , particularly relative to the currencies of the emerging-market countries with which Chinese producers compete .
Indeed , the only reason that America 's current-account deficit was lower in 2010 than in previous years is that investment in housing and other construction declined sharply .
The interest rate on 10-year government bonds fell to 3 % , and the stock market declined for six weeks in a row , the longest bearish stretch since 2002 , with a cumulative fall in share prices of more than 6 % .
While the renminbi has risen relative to the dollar , the dollar has declined against other major currencies .
Looking at the full range of countries with which China trades implies that the overall value of the renminbi probably declined in the past 12 months .
Many homeowners who can afford to make their mortgage payments will choose to default , move to rental housing , and wait to purchase until house prices have declined further .
European spending on export refunds has declined considerably in recent years -- from 30 % of agricultural expenditure in the early 1990 's to less than 1 % today -LRB- if rural development is excluded -RRB- .
Second , not only have new foreign-equity investments declined during the financial crisis , but SWFs have also recently engaged in an unprecedented wave of divestments , especially of foreign holdings .
Since then , work-time has steadily declined .
Since last year , prices have declined in the US .
It could have helped to contain the current crisis if it had accepted invitations to invest in Lehman Brothers , but , given its previous losses on Wall Street , it declined .
Their share of the vote in subsequent elections declined sharply .
Russia proposed this kind of swap earlier , but Iran declined the offer , and the version agreed with Brazil and Turkey was likewise intended to forestall Iran 's ability to produce highly enriched uranium -LRB- HEU -RRB- , which can be used for nuclear warheads .
Growth in India 's agricultural sector declined from a lackluster 3.8 % to an even more anemic 2.6 % last year .
Otherwise , although Russia 's objective strengths remain unchanged , our influence in international affairs has declined .
When General Yevgeni Malashenko declined in fear that he might be arrested , the 94-year-old Király flew to Moscow , where he spent a long weekend reminiscing and going to a banya for retired Red Army generals .
While the epidemiological statistics are alarming , the death rate has declined in recent weeks , from 7.6 % to 3.6 % .
The Court declined to adopt a categorical rule barring such executions when it last heard the issue , but it acknowledged that a `` national consensus against execution of the mentally retarded may someday emerge . ''
As the currency declined , Asian central banks have been seen buying euros hand over fist to bolster their euro reserve assets .
Growth of per capita income decelerated between 1902 and 1930 and declined further in the last fifteen years of British rule until 1947 .
Then , in the 1970s , largely as a result of an environmental scare promoted by Rachel Carson 's book Silent Spring , foreign aid agencies and UN organizations stopped promoting DDT , and its usage declined .
According to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization , they were the single most important reason behind the skyrocketing price of rice in 2008 , when international trade in rice declined by about 7 % -LRB- to two million tons -RRB- from its record 2007 .
In a sample of 53 countries for which data are available , median growth in real average wages had declined from 4.3 % in 2007 to 1.4 % in 2008 .
For two years , sea levels have declined .
It is hard to keep up the climate panic as reality diverges from the alarmist predictions more than ever before : the global temperature has not risen over the past ten years , it has declined precipitously in the last year and a half , and studies show that it might not rise again before the middle of the next decade .
During the massive investment associated with the Kyoto treaty , the participating countries ' investment in R&D as a percentage of GDP has declined , not increased .
Furthermore , famine has rapidly declined over the past half century .
Even for the Atlantic hurricane basin , which we tend to hear about the most , the total hurricane energy -LRB- ACE -RRB- as measured by the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has declined by two-thirds since the record was set in 2005 .
This may explain recent polling data showing that public concern about global warming has declined precipitously in the last three years .
In the United States , for example , the Pew Institute reported that the number of Americans who regard global warming as a very serious problem had declined from 44 % in April 2008 to only 35 % last October .
These measures -- and many others that include the overdue use of available technology -- would augment the effectiveness of often-clueless referees , whose authority has declined sharply with the proliferation of decisive mistakes in major games and championships .
In the 1960 's and early 1970 's , disparities in purchasing power declined by about 40 % , then stalled , while nominal income disparities fell by a similar margin from the mid-1970 's to 1990 .
While complaints against parents , based on allegedly repressed and recovered memories of abuse , have declined , those against large institutions , such as the Catholic Church , have increased .
On the contrary , German foreign reserves actually declined between 2000 and 2008 .
Although new HIV infections worldwide declined slightly during the past decade , 2.7 million people contracted the virus in 2008 , and there were two million HIV\/AIDS-related deaths . By the end of that year , more than four million people in low - and middle-income countries were receiving anti-retroviral therapy , but more than five million who were HIV-positive remained untreated .
In Egypt , for example , fertility rates declined from 4.8 to 2.9 children per woman in the last 15 years .
Risk spreads have declined from their mid-crisis highs , but credit in many sectors remains tight or barely available , while the financial sector is set to become more conservative -- and is likely to be re-regulated with higher capital , reserve , and margin requirements .
Both the Greek and Italian public debt remain almost unchanged , despite the fact that both countries have benefited the most from the euro , as their long-term interest rates declined to German levels following its adoption .
Indeed , the continent 's share of world exports fell from 4.6 % in 1980 to 1.8 % in 2000 , and its share of world imports declined from 3.6 % to 1.6 % over the same period .
Poll after poll confirms that America 's soft power has declined , particularly in the Islamic world .
The world economy was highly integrated in 1914 , but economic interdependence declined during the next three decades .
Yet the dollar , a symbol of American financial power , has surged rather than declined .
For example , Japan 's aid budget has declined , and only half as many Japanese students study overseas as did two decades ago .
For example , in the seventeenth century , the Netherlands flourished domestically but declined in relative power as other states grew in strength .
With the economic benefits of EU membership now seeming much less than expected , the intensity of pro-EU sentiments in the candidate countries has significantly declined .
Japan 's overseas aid declined by 44 % when that country hit hard times .
LOS ANGELES -- Revelations in former President George W. Bush 's recently published memoirs show that he declined an Israeli request to destroy Syria 's secret nuclear reactor in the spring of 2007 .
Now , debt in the 28 countries for which relief has been approved has declined by an average of two-thirds , while their expenditures on health , education , and other social services have risen to almost four times the amount of debt-service payments .
Florence Nightingale understood this when she declined to join the ICRC 's founder , Henri Dunant , in the 1860s .
Their stock markets have declined by even more -LRB- 40 % in Brazil and one-third in South Korea -RRB- .
China 's tariffs declined precipitously in the late 1990 's , and many of the other inducements were also phased out .
Income in the US and euro-area both appear to have declined at an annualized rate of roughly 6 % in the fourth quarter of 2008 ; Japan 's GDP fell at perhaps twice that rate .
The Fed declined to regulate these dubious practices .
In other parts of the Islamic world , the fertility rate is far lower and has declined in recent decades , signaling a major shift in cultural norms .
Since June , US and world stock markets have declined by around 20 % in dollar terms .
By the early 1990 's , official development assistance was still around 0.33 % of donor GNP , and by the early 2000 's , it had declined to around 0.22 % of GNP .
Indeed , indicators of economic freedom and competitiveness compiled by the Heritage Foundation , the Cato Institute , the World Economic Forum , and others show that Taiwan 's relative ranking has stagnated or even declined on Chen 's watch .
Afterwards , the trend was reversed , and inflation declined fairly steadily .
It is , of course , true that real long-term interest rates have declined quite markedly -- not suddenly and not only recently , but at a fairly steady pace for more than twenty years .
As Pakistan 's international prestige declined , its creation and ongoing support for the Taliban boomeranged against it .
Long-term interest rates for Italian government bonds declined from about 12 % to about 4 % in the ten years from 1994-95 to 2004-05 .
Indeed , other things being equal , had the interest rate not declined , Italy would have had a public-finance deficit of 11 % of GDP in 2004 rather than the reported 3 % , and its debt\/GDP ratio would , of course , have been much higher .
In the US , the climate indicator declined again , after having sunk dramatically in the second quarter , bringing it to its lowest level since 1991 .
Ever since Japan 's banking crisis began in 1990 , the country has been in a liquidity trap , with central bank rates close to zero , and from 1998 to 2005 the price level declined by more than 4 % .
According to the OECD , the annualized flow of German goods exports from January 2008 to January 2009 declined by $ 173 billion more than the corresponding flow of imports fell , which means that Germany 's annualized trade surplus fell by the same amount .
During the same period , annualized US imports declined by $ 284 billion more than US exports , and China 's annualized trade surplus increased by $ 249 billion .
As home prices declined and one-third of US mortgage loans went under water -- that is , the property 's market value sank below the amount of the loan -- three million US homeowners lost their homes , unable to meet their payment obligations , making the CDOs and MBSs empty shells .
Since rescue measures beyond the pre-arranged Greek package had not been on the agenda for the Brussels meeting , German Chancellor Angela Merkel thought she could safely go to Moscow to commemorate the end of World War II -- unlike Sarkozy , who declined Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin 's invitation .
On the contrary , employment outside manufacturing and trade declined , so that the economy as a whole suffered a net loss of 1.26 million full-time equivalent jobs .
The first thing to notice is that , as a result of the slump , capacity utilization is lower than it was 15 months ago : global output has declined by roughly 5 % since 2008 , and developed-country output by 4.1 % .
But the Chinese leadership declined the offer , explaining that China is a developing country that can hardly meet its own people 's needs .
Savings in the household sector declined and leveled off at about zero , as low interest rates led to over-leveraging , an asset bubble , and an illusory increase in wealth .
Second , support for Sharia , never high in Turkey , has actually declined since the AKP came to power , from 19 % in 1996 to 8 % in 2007 .
In the 1960 's , productivity increased by more than 3 % per year , but in the early 1970 's , productivity growth suddenly declined , by almost two thirds .
This has , indeed , already happened in some developed countries : in the ten years that have passed since the signing of the North American Free Trade Agreement , average real wages in the US have actually declined .
Between the first and second half of the 1990 's , the `` residual component of yearly productivity growth '' -LRB- the part measuring the efficiency with which all the factors of production are used -RRB- , declined by over 1 % in Italy , Spain , and the UK . It remained constant in France and Germany , while going up by 0.66 % in the US .
In fact , in the Olympics , India 's record has declined over time .
In the summer of 2003 , a poll conducted by the Pew Organization in 20 countries revealed that the UN 's standing had declined in all of them .
Egypt has already declined support from the International Monetary Fund .
Minsk -- a Soviet era industrial jewel -- and the other industrial centers of Belarus declined rapidly after the Soviet Union dissolved , which incited efforts to foster closer economic and political co-operation with Russia .
While Japan 's overall current-account surplus declined significantly , from 3.7 % of GDP in 1985 to 2.7 % in 1988 , the overall US current-account deficit only fell from 2.8 % of GDP to 2.4 % , because Japanese companies started investing in production facilities in Southeast Asia for export to the US .
Since its inception in 1991 , GEF funding has declined by almost 10 % as a share of the combined GDP of the 38 contributing nations ;
In all of these cities , CO2 emissions declined sharply and congestion was significantly reduced , with Singapore experiencing an immediate 45 % drop in traffic .
Yet they see that , under Karzai , Saudi influence has declined in Afghanistan since 2001 , while that of the Iranians has strengthened .
So it is very likely that when the global economy has returned to a sort of normality and safe-haven demand has declined , the prices of US government securities will fall and their yields will rise .
