There is no `` crisis '' associated with that choice -- just slow decline .
Homeless in Iraq BAGHDAD &#45; &#45; American officials report that the number of sectarian and other killings in Iraq has declined since the onset of the military `` surge . ''
If oil prices decline in the future , the oil industry will suffer severely .
A decline in oil revenues could be devastating to the fledgling Iraqi government .
But lower oil prices , coupled with expectations of a decline in demand , would in turn put pressure on oil-producing countries to reduce planned investments in production capacity or even to mothball major projects , as they have done in the past , leading to a decline in oil supplies .
Indeed , with domestic oil consumption growing at a higher rate than production , government revenues from oil exports are already in decline .
Thus , nuclear power will halt the decline in government revenues by freeing more oil and natural gas for export .
As the dollar declines , commodities -- including oil -- attract investors .
If nominal oil prices remain constant while the dollar declines , the real income of the oil-producing countries declines , resulting in less investment in additional capacity and maintenance .
State handouts can be reliably financed only by controlling the economy 's productive sectors . But in the Arab world , as everywhere else , this leads to theft , corruption , uncompetitive monopolies , a stifling of enterprise , and , eventually and inevitably , to decline and decay .
Thereafter , rates would rise with market rates , but never fall when market rates declined .
The rude awakening came when property values began to decline .
In the textiles industry , profits declined for the first time in ten years in 2008 .
The initial American financial crisis barely touched Russia , but the global economic slowdown brought about a decline in oil and other commodity prices by more than one-third since July , which was a big blow .
In three days , Mechel 's shares lost half their value , triggering the Russian stock market 's decline .
Despite strong scientific evidence showing sharp declines in the populations of all three , every proposal for tougher trade controls on these marine species -- along with more than 30 species of coral -- failed to secure the necessary two-thirds majority .
Stocks of this highly prized fish have declined by up to 80 % since the dawn of industrialized fishing , and this has been on ICCAT 's watch .
Their decline is linked to over-exploitation of other once-common species .
That question preoccupies not only speculators tracking the dollar 's decline , but ordinary businessmen who wonder what currency to use when invoicing imports or exports .
So the `` euro triumphalism '' that has greeted the dollar 's decline is , indeed , premature .
In his masterpiece A Monetary History of the United States , 1867-1960 -LRB- written with Anna Schwartz -RRB- , he famously attributed recessions , including the Great Depression of the 1930 's , to a decline in the money supply .
The corruption tax -LRB- the percentage of sales paid in bribes -RRB- declined from 1.22 % in 2002 to 0.7 % in 2005 .
It is clear that there is no scope in the foreseeable future to extend the EU budget in order to increase fiscal transfers to eurozone members affected by sharp declines in consumption .
Figures recently released by New York 's attorney general , Andrew Cuomo , indicate that nine large financial firms paid their employees aggregate compensation exceeding $ 600 billion in 2003-2008 -- a period in which their aggregate market capitalization substantially declined .
The freedom to time the moment they cash out enables executives to use the special knowledge they have about their companies to sell before a stock-price decline .
But , with the decline of secular nationalism and Islamism 's rise , the hidden electoral power of the Muslim Brotherhood poses a mortal threat to the regime and its strategic alliance with the West .
Today , Western universities are replete with distinguished Arab scholars in almost every field -- the result of a brain drain that itself reflects the Islamic world 's centuries of decline .
The Moscow stock exchange lost 15 % of its value in August , and Russia 's central bank forecasts a 25 % decline in foreign investment this year .
After eight years of American unilateralism that left behind a broken transatlantic alliance , resuscitated the specter of a cold war with Russia , and saw the Middle East decline into a doomsday politics , Obama 's injection of new thinking to endemic problems is extremely welcome .
In fact , disconnected from the heroin trade , which has turned the Taliban into a colossal economic concern , Al Qaeda is in clear financial decline .
In his titanic efforts to stem decline and reform America , Obama has shown vision and talent , but he also learned the hard way that , as Henry Kissinger put it in his memoirs , the pledges of new administrations are almost invariably like `` leaves on a turbulent sea . ''
Their task is to embrace the least imperfect solution before they decline into Doomsday scenarios , such as a hostile Israeli unilateral disengagement , or a one-state reality of unending conflict .
JERUSALEM -- The Arab revolt against inertia , despair , and decline has rightly inspired the admiration of civilized people everywhere -- everywhere , that is , except in Israel .
One exception is geographical : Western and Central Europe have indeed experienced a significant decline of religion , which has become an important ingredient of European cultural identity .
Five countries are expected to suffer double-digit declines in GDP .
Allowing foreign banks ' subsidiaries to become orphaned amid a worsening crisis in home countries would undermine confidence in emerging Europe 's financial systems , which could trigger asset-price declines and precipitous contractions in credit .
Never since the US became the world 's predominant power during World War II has there been a similar decline in its international influence .
Pressure to reduce costs in the recent downturn may have accelerated the movement of jobs to low-wage locations , but this accounts for only 15-35 % of the decline in employment since the downturn began .
This contributed to the deepest fall in output in Italy 's postwar history , with a cumulative 6.5 % decline in GDP .
From the beginning of the crisis in December 2007 to the apparent end of the recession in the summer of 2009 , the decline in real GDP in the US was 3.8 % .
Major middle-income trading economies , such as Brazil , South Korea , Singapore , and Taiwan , experienced brief but even sharper declines .
If the economy declines again -- a highly plausible prospect -- we would have a triple dip , although perhaps not an outright second recession .
So history suggests that economies seldom grow out of recessions continuously , without an occasional subsequent decline .
While the baseline forecast seems to be slow global growth -- in the US around 3 % , about half the usual pace following deep recessions -- history suggests that another decline would hardly be surprising before sustained stronger growth emerges .
Nevertheless , economies continue to contract , unemployment to rise , and wealth to decline .
In addition to the automatic decline in tax revenues and increase in social-welfare spending during a recession , many nations added large spending increases and\/or tax cuts to try to stimulate their economies .
Furthermore , the 40 % decline in the exchange rate this year and recent increases in the overnight -LRB- SELIC -RRB- interest rate to 21 % aggravate the situation , because much of the debt is either linked to the currency or to the SELIC rate .
These promises and pledges underscore Islamabad 's growing dependence on foreign assistance , which is not surprising , given that Pakistan 's tax-to-GDP ratio has declined to less than 9 % , the lowest among the 22 largest emerging economies .
A sharp increase in the prices of essential commodities means that the real income of the bottom 60 % of the population has declined .
Moreover , if financial institutions follow their own risk assessments when estimating appropriate capital cushions , the costs associated with such provisions decline .
The subplot is inevitably how a Latin American country that once seemed more like Europe developed all the maladies of its Southern neighbors : a state unable to guarantee public health and education ; a growing gap between rich and poor ; the disappearance of the middle class ; and the decline of industrial capacity in favor of producing raw materials .
There is some evidence that , thanks to grassroots campaigns and new economic opportunities for women , child marriage is in decline in some parts of the world .
Belief in a progressive religious decline is part of Europe 's definition of what constitutes the modern situation , and this has real consequences for religiosity .
In so doing , it could prove that the decline of religion in Europe is not an inevitable process tightly linked to modernization , but a historical choice Europeans have made .
At that rate , the country 's infrastructure and competitiveness will inevitably decline .
Some -- including me , up to a point -- might have thought that once democracy had taken hold in the region , the disproportionate political weight of painters , writers , poets , and musicians would begin to decline ; they would no longer be the voice of the voiceless , because the voiceless now had a voice of their own .
However , recent years have witnessed a steady decline in educational spending , from 4 % of GDP in 2001-02 to 3.8 % in 2002-04 and 3.5 % in 2004-05 .
While the appeal of nuclear power has declined considerably in the West , it has grown among the so-called `` nuclear newcomers , '' which brings with it new challenges , including concerns about proliferation of nuclear weapons .
Russia 's decline in the 1990 's became China 's gain .
China interpreted that crisis as symbolizing both the decline of the Anglo-American brand of capitalism and the weakening of American economic power .
The current spotlight may be on Europe 's financial woes , but the bigger picture for China is that America 's chronic deficits and indebtedness epitomize its relative decline .
But chronic stalemate has confronted many Asian democracies with the threat of being discredited , a potential for violence , and the prospect of economic decline .
The rate of return required on safe investments declined from 10 % to 4 % .
Because financial institutions held much of these securities , their market values declined as well , leaving balance sheets in need of restructuring , particularly given their highly leveraged capital structures .
Instead , there is a complex misalignment problem -- too many autoworkers when too few people want new cars , for example -- that results in a decline in overall output .
Holland does not have to sink into the North Sea before we do something about the world 's climate ; pensions do not have to decline to near-zero before social policies are adjusted .
But while America 's hard power dominates the world scene , its soft power declined this year .
The decline in overseas visitors , and notably in the number of foreign students in the US , is the immediate result of stricter visa laws , but it is an important factor in the weakening of America 's global hegemony .
This year witnessed a decline in democracy and the rule of law across what Mr Putin calls the `` former Soviet space . ''
The demise of parliaments is above all a decline in democratic debate and scrutiny .
The decline of parties reflects the decline of class .
Within a decade the funds available per student have declined by 40 % .
There are many circumstances in which a nation 's GNP -LRB- per capita -RRB- increases even while its wealth -LRB- per capita -RRB- declines .
Of course , a situation where GNP increases while wealth declines ca n't last forever .
When an economy eats into its productive base in order to raise current production , eventually GNP will decline , too , unless policies were to so change that wealth begins to accumulate .
For example , using World Bank data on the depreciation of a number of natural resources at the national level , economists estimate that , although GNP per capita has increased in the Indian sub-continent over the past three decades , wealth per capita has declined somewhat .
The decline has occurred because , relative to population growth , fixed-capital investment , knowledge and skills , and improvements in institutions have not compensated for the degradation of natural capital .
In sub-Saharan Africa , both GNP per capita and wealth per capita have declined .
The latter regions have more than substituted for the decline in natural capital by accumulating other capital assets .
But EU leaders have yet to admit what everybody knows : that Europe 's population is not just ageing , it is starting to decline , and is likely to decline steeply in coming decades .
The plain fact , however , is that Europe 's population decline can only be stemmed by substantial inward immigration .
Within the developed world , however , Europe 's population is expected to decline markedly .
The population of Germany will decline from 82m to just under 71m , that of Italy from 57.5 m to 43m , and that of Spain from nearly 40m to just over 31m . `` all in all , the population of the EU 15 will decline from 376m to 339.3 m , a fall of 37m or 10 % .
Even sharper declines are expected in the candidate countries of Central and Eastern Europe , from a total of 105m to 85m , a fall of 20m , or about 20 % .
The increase in Turkey 's population might almost balance out the decline in the population of the present EU 15 ; but it is unlikely that today 's existing member states will regard this satisfactory .
Moreover , the strategic balance to Europe 's east will also be transformed , because the populations of Russia and the Ukraine are expected to decline even more steeply than those of the EU .
This regional pattern , of population decline in Europe , Russia and Ukraine , needs to be set against the larger picture of a 3 billion increase globally , mainly in the developing world .
The latter point , which no doubt reflects the Obama administration 's attempts to reform the dysfunctional system it inherited , is particularly important , as the sharpest declines in investment intentions were among those who had lost confidence in the government 's ability to regulate .
In the United States , the past three years have seen employment fall from 137.8 million people in July 2007 to slightly less than 130 million in July 2010 -- a decline of 7.9 million during a period in which the adult population grew by six million .
But we were expecting a minor decline : a fall in construction spending below trend of $ 150 billion a year for two years or $ 100 billion a year for three years or $ 75 billion a year for four years .
Whenever the capital-flow reversal hits the US , it is clear that the dollar 's value will decline by 25-50 % .
Unlike other countries , a decline in the real value of the dollar reduces the real value of America 's gross international debts .
A rapid decline in the dollar is likely to have a very different impact : primarily to impoverish workers whose products are exported to America and investors in dollar-denominated assets who see their portfolio values melting away .
Investors outside the US can see the magnitude of the trade deficit , calculate the likely decline in the dollar required to eliminate it , and recognize that the interest rate and equity return differentials from investing in the US are insufficient to compensate for the risk that next month will be when capital inflows into America start to fall .
The fact that so much of the risk from a decline in the dollar falls on those investing in America means that the capital inflow has already gone on much longer than any fundamentals-watching economist -- including me -- would have believed possible .
The US Bureau of Labor Statistics reports a drop in the employment\/population ratio from 64.4 % in 2000 to 62.3 % today , together with a decline in non-farm payroll employment in this period from 131.8 million to 130.2 million .
American domestic interest rates are so low and the fear of a large further decline in the dollar so great that it is nearly impossible to envision a sudden withdrawal of capital from developing countries to the post-industrial core .
The second historical rule of thumb is that currencies on the decline tend to overshoot : near the bottom , international currency speculators require a substantial risk premium out of the fear that the currency crash might trigger something even worse .
But if international currency speculators get the scent of near-inevitable profits from an ongoing dollar decline in their nostrils , all Asian central banks together will not be able to keep the dollar high .
The second factor that could push US interest rates sharply upward is not fear of a decline in the future value of the dollar , but the fact of a past decline in its value .
If there is a sharp spike in interest rates -- caused either by capital flight in anticipation of a dollar decline or by tight monetary policy in reaction to a dollar decline comes to pass -- we will see how good the Federal Reserve really is .
The investment deficiency in Asia relative to rates of a decade ago amounts to an annual shortfall of $ 400 billion a year , with the decline in investment in Japan -- a consequence of more than a decade of economic stagnation - -- accounting for more than half of the total .
And the only way for the trade deficit to shrink substantially is for net imports to fall , which requires either a relatively sharp decline in the value of the dollar , thereby raising import prices , or a depression in the US .
And he will have to praise the decline of unions and the shedding of benefits by firms -- and argue that individuals will make better choices than union experts or firms ' benefit departments .
Four years ago , I would have said that the principal source of international economic disorder was made in America . That has passed as a result of the dollar 's decline and the ebbing political strength of right-wing populist factions in the US that seek ever-greater redistribution to the rich fueled by ever-increasing tax cuts and ever-rising long-term deficits .
By contrast , sky-high US interest rates produced by a general expectation of a massive ongoing dollar decline is a macroeconomic problem without a solution .
Yet so far there are no signs that global savers and investors expect a dollar decline .
Yet the typical investor in dollar-denominated assets -- whether a rich private individual , a pension fund , or a central bank -- has not taken the steps to protect themselves against the very likely dollar decline in our future .
Projections of European growth continue to decline , yet the outlook for government policy is for reduced spending and increased taxes as the fiscal stability and growth pact bites .
Economist Simon Kuznets proposed the existence of a sharp rise in inequality upon industrialization , followed by a decline to social-democratic levels .
Stocks and the Long Run BERKELEY -- After the second 40 % decline in America 's Standard & Poor 's composite index of common stocks in a decade , global investors are shell-shocked .
Could n't the market undergo another 40 % decline in the near future ?
Remember : we already had another 40 % decline in 2000-2003 , and are in another one right now .
Before that , we had declines in 1946-1949 , 1937-1942 , and the biggest of them all in 1929-1933 .
But stock market declines that are not accompanied by steep and persistent collapses in earnings are by their nature temporary : they are provoked by steep rises in perceived risk , and if those risks turn out to be overblown , stocks rebound when the perception of risk falls .
And how about stock market declines that are accompanied by a steep and persistent collapse in earnings -- by depressions ?
All these arguments apply only to long-term investors who can afford to wait out another 40 % decline in values and keep their money invested until perceived risk drops . -LRB- And if perceived risk never drops than you have worse things to worry about than the performance of your portfolio . -RRB-
But for those who do not need to spend soon , the recent decline in equity values is more an opportunity than a catastrophe .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot-com bubble in 2000-2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name `` recession . ''
But population may well decline thereafter .
Opponents of recent economic policy rebel against the hypothesis that an absence of government intervention and support could produce an economic decline of that magnitude today .
And if the decline in nominal wages signals that there is an excess supply of labor , matters only get worse .
Terrorist attacks on Russia did not cease or decline .
The precariousness of the situation called for early and dramatic declines in interest rates driven by an early restoration in confidence .
There is another strongly held belief : that Japan can not recover without a steep decline in the yen .
For those who hold this view , the yen would have to decline to 160 or even 200 yen \/ $ .
For the US the story is mostly neutral : a gain in competitiveness toward Europe , a loss relative to Japan , and with no net gain or loss in competitiveness or trade , scant inflationary effects to speak about , no interest rate hikes or stock declines - nothing to get excited about .
A huge yen depreciation and sizeable decline in the dollar would hit European competitiveness and growth hard .
Since 2000 , the rate of people dying from AIDS has declined , child-killing diseases like malaria and measles are being tackled more effectively , universal primary education is inching forward , and the targets for safe drinking water are in sight .
The Davignon `` manifest crisis '' cartels , which once helped manage the European steel industry 's decline , urgently need to be revived .
Extrapolating the past into the future , forecasters predict that the dollar will decline further .
What happened next , of course , was that the dollar strengthened sharply , as investors , desperate for liquidity , fled into US Treasury securities . Subsequently the dollar did decline .
Of equal importance were the rise of China and the decline of investment in Asia following the 1997-1998 financial crisis .
But once investors realized the extent of US financial problems , the rush into treasuries subsided , and the dollar resumed its decline .
Now , as investors recall the extent of US financial problems , we will again see the dollar resume its decline .
With the decline in trade , foreign competition became less of a problem for import-sensitive sectors .
The World Bank estimates that only 2 % of the decline in trade during the crisis was due to increased protectionism .
In the 1930 's , by contrast , roughly half of the decline in world trade was due to protectionism .
BERKELEY -- In the United States , the scent of decline is in the air .
In fact , this supposed explanation for British decline has not stood the test of time .
A second popular explanation for British decline focuses on the educational system .
Still others explain British decline as a function of the financial system .
Herein lies the most convincing explanation for British decline .
The US trade deficit has declined from $ 60 billion a month to just $ 26 billion , according to the most recent data .
South Korea , the Asian country with the largest share of foreign investment in its securities market , also experienced the sharpest price and exchange-rate declines as those investors , mainly hedge funds , were forced to deleverage and repatriate their funds .
Italy , meanwhile , failed to use the significant windfall from the steep decline in long-term interest rates caused by the introduction of the euro and a decade of rapid economic growth to repair its debt position . Italy 's debt barely budged and stayed well above 100 % of GDP .
If Europeans want their ambitions to be taken seriously , they must find ways to deal with the decline in Europe 's military power .
The post-Soviet economy crumbled , crime skyrocketed , and life expectancy declined .
This decline reflects the wage cap on social security taxes -LRB- currently at $ 102,000 -RRB- .
As a proportion of income , it declines almost continuously , from 34 % at the 10th percentile to 3 % at the very top .
As a share of income , it declines sharply from 70 % at the 10th percentile to -16 % at the top -LRB- in other words , the top bracket pays more in taxes than it receives in government benefits -RRB- .
In 800 meticulously argued and documented pages , Pinker shows that , over the course of history , there has been a dramatic decline in violence , both domestically and internationally -- and that this downward trend is continuing through the post-Cold War years .
The result is the March trade deficit , caused mainly by exceptionally high annual import growth -LRB- 65 % -RRB- coupled with relatively low export growth , which reached a nominally impressive 24 % only because of the sharp decline recorded in the base period .
For it to be useful , believers in scarce oil must be able to predict such things as the timing of the oil peak , the state of demand when oil production reaches it , and the pattern of decline .
Energy-related CO2 emissions would peak in 2025 and decline slightly by 2030 .
The dollar has declined during the past two years against not only the euro but also against most other currencies , including the Japanese yen and the renminbi .
Even with the dollar 's decline and the resulting 25 % rise in US exports over the past two years , the US still had an annualized trade deficit at the end of fourth quarter of 2007 of about $ 700 billion -LRB- 5 % of GDP -RRB- .
Second , since the US has a large trade deficit that can only be cured by a more competitive dollar -LRB- while the euro-zone countries collectively have a trade surplus -RRB- , investors expect a trend decline in the dollar .
That predictable dollar decline makes the relative return on holding dollar bonds even lower than the interest-rate differential alone implies .
But when foreign investors do n't want to continue to hold dollar securities , their attempts to sell them will push down their value until the combination of reduced exposure and reduced fear of further dollar decline makes them willing to hold the outstanding stock of dollar securities .
Since reducing the trade deficit requires increasing exports and shrinking imports , the international value of the dollar must decline to make US products more attractive to foreign buyers and US goods and services more attractive to American consumers .
Their reduced demand for dollars will cause the dollar to decline and the trade deficit to shrink . That reduced trade deficit and the resulting decline in capital inflows will lead to higher real interest rates in the US .
And , if the downward spiral in house prices continues , the value of mortgage-backed securities held by financial institutions around the world will continue to decline , affecting the supply of credit far beyond the US .
Some recent data suggest that the decline in house prices may be coming to an end .
The rate of decline of US house prices fell in the past three months for which we have data -LRB- ending in May -RRB- , and the figures for May show essentially no decline at all .
The Obama administration has enacted legislation aimed at helping individuals who are having difficulty making their monthly mortgage payments because of a decline in their incomes or a rise in the interest rate on their mortgage .
Slower population growth and a demographically driven decline in the labor-force participation rate will reduce employment growth .
Assuming slower growth in the labor force than in the past decade , no rise in productivity due to capital accumulation , and a decline in multifactor productivity growth to its pre-2000 average implies that annual potential GDP growth will be only 1.4 % .
If the trade deficit is reduced by 3 % of GDP between now and the end of the decade , the implied rise in exports and decline in imports would reduce output available for US consumption and investment by about 0.3 % per year .
The effect of a decline in the dollar over the coming decade could be equally important .
If the real trade-weighted value of the dollar falls by 25 % over the coming decade , and the full effect of that dollar decline is reflected in import prices , the increased cost of imports would reduce the growth of US real incomes by about 0.4 % a year .
Consider what a decline of the dollar relative to the yuan would mean for the Chinese .
The Chinese -LRB- or Saudis or Indians or others outside the euro zone -RRB- should , of course , be concerned about the dollar 's decline relative to the euro .
After all , when that decline resumes , their dollar holdings will buy less in European markets .
While it is hard to say how much the decline might be , it would not be surprising to see a fall of 20 % over the next several years from the current level of about 1.4 dollars per euro .
It is easy to jump from this arithmetic to the conclusion that the euro is overvalued , and that it is likely to continue the decline that began last December . But that conclusion would be wrong .
There simply is no way around the arithmetic implied by the scale of deficit reduction and the accompanying economic decline : Greece 's default on its debt is inevitable .
If Greece had remained outside the eurozone and retained the drachma , the large increased supply of Greek bonds would cause the drachma to decline and the interest rate on the bonds to rise .
The introduction of the euro , with its implication of a low common rate of inflation , caused sharp declines in interest rates in Greece and several other countries that had previously had high rates .
The last time the US faced large budget deficits , in the early 1980 's , inflation declined sharply because of a tight monetary policy .
Recent US data have clearly raised the probability that the economy will run out of steam and decline during the next 12 months .
As they have wound down , spending has declined .
But now that the subsidies have ended , the level of both sales and production has declined .
The recent rise in the US household saving rate reversed a long-term decline that began 25 years ago .
But , after 1985 , a variety of changes caused saving to decline until it reached less than 2 % in 2007 .
If that were to happen quickly , total spending could decline , pushing the economy into a double-dip recession .
Although they had experienced large declines in share prices and house values , they had such large amounts of liquid savings in postal savings accounts and in banks that they did not feel the need to increase saving in order to rebuild assets .
A variety of forces have contributed to a continuing decline in Japan 's household saving rate .
The excess saving could also decline if housing construction picks up .
Real GDP rose by 5 % in the fourth quarter of 2009 , reflecting the end of the decline in inventories . GDP growth then fell to 3.7 % in the first quarter of 2010 and to only 1.7 % in the second quarter .
The resulting fall in wealth has reduced consumer spending , while the decline in homeowners ' equity prevents borrowing to finance any increase .
If that decline continues , it will inevitably reduce the pace of consumer spending .
The weaker dollar also reduces the risk of future dollar decline , because it means that the dollar has to fall less in the future to shift the trade balance to a sustainable level .
So the key determinant of the dollar 's long-term value is that it must decline enough to shift the US trade balance from today 's deficit to a surplus .
The overall trade-weighted value of the renminbi has thus declined significantly , particularly relative to the currencies of the emerging-market countries with which Chinese producers compete .
But , while the decline in tax payments will be about 0.8 % of GDP , it is not clear how much of this will translate into additional consumer spending and how much into additional saving .
True , much of that was due to a sharp decline in imports ; but even the growth rate of final sales to domestic purchasers rose at a healthy 3.4 % pace .
Since US households ' after-tax income totals $ 11.4 trillion , a one-percentage-point fall in the saving rate means a decline of saving and a corresponding rise in consumer spending of $ 114 billion -- very close to the rise in consumer spending implied by the increased wealth that resulted from the gain in share prices .
Without that increase in stock-market wealth , will the saving rate continue to decline and the pace of consumer spending continue to rise more rapidly than GDP ?
Indeed , the only reason that America 's current-account deficit was lower in 2010 than in previous years is that investment in housing and other construction declined sharply .
A temporary leave of absence from the eurozone would allow Greece to achieve a price-level decline relative to other eurozone countries , and would make it easier to adjust the relative price level if Greek wages can not be limited .
The rise in food and energy prices outpaced the gain in nominal wages , causing real average weekly earnings to decline in January , while the continued fall in home prices reduced wealth for the majority of households .
That pattern of rising prices and declining real earnings repeated itself in February and March , with a sharp rise in the consumer price index causing real average weekly earnings to decline at an annual rate of more than 5 % .
The fall in house prices pushed down sales of both new and existing homes . That , in turn , caused a dramatic decline in the volume of housing starts and housing construction .
That decline is likely to continue , because nearly 30 % of homes with mortgages are worth less than the value of the mortgage .
The most recent measure of orders for nondefense capital goods signaled a decline in business investment .
The interest rate on 10-year government bonds fell to 3 % , and the stock market declined for six weeks in a row , the longest bearish stretch since 2002 , with a cumulative fall in share prices of more than 6 % .
While the renminbi has risen relative to the dollar , the dollar has declined against other major currencies .
The dollar 's 10 % decline relative to the euro over the past 12 months implies that the renminbi is actually down by about 4 % relative to the euro .
Looking at the full range of countries with which China trades implies that the overall value of the renminbi probably declined in the past 12 months .
Experts say another 15 % decline is required just to return to the pre-bubble price path .
Many homeowners who can afford to make their mortgage payments will choose to default , move to rental housing , and wait to purchase until house prices have declined further .
Two years could allow markets to see whether Spain 's banks can handle the decline of local real-estate prices , or whether mortgage defaults will lead to widespread bank failures , requiring the Spanish government to finance large deposit guarantees .
The 40 % decline in the US stock market and the dramatic fall in house prices have reduced American households ' wealth by more than $ 10 trillion , which is likely to reduce annual consumer spending by more than $ 400 billion .
Previous reactions to declines in household wealth indicate that such a fall will cut consumer spending by about $ 500 billion every year until wealth is restored .
The decline in housing construction has added to the current shortfall in aggregate demand .
The stimulus package would thus fill less than half of the hole in GDP caused by the decline in household wealth and housing construction , with the remaining demand shortfall of $ 450 billion in each of the next two years causing serious second-round effects .
So it is not clear what will occur to reverse the decline in GDP and end the economic downturn .
The resulting layoffs of Chinese factory workers has caused second-round declines in local demand for Chinese goods and services , as Chinese households cut back on their spending .
The Chinese authorities are determined to reverse the resulting decline in growth in order to reemploy those who have lost their jobs and to create employment for the millions of young people who join the labor force each year .
South Korea , Taiwan , and Thailand will also see declines in consumer price levels .
The prospect of falling prices reflects the collapse of industrial production , the resulting high level of unemployment , and the dramatic decline in commodity prices .
Since price declines would bring with them wage declines , the ratio of monthly mortgage payments to wage income would rise .
Higher real interest rates discourage credit-financed purchases by households and businesses . This weakens overall demand , leading to steeper declines in prices .
Moreover , neither oil and gas deposits nor imperialist policies will stop Russia 's decline .
Indeed , while the greatest threats to peace once came from power politics and economic rivalry , they now increasingly derive from the regional and global repercussions of the political and social disintegration of stable countries , a decline of their normative and institutional systems , and new totalitarian ideologies .
This has happened at a time when the problems on the Balkans remain unresolved , America is experiencing a relative decline , Russia is regaining strength , Turkey 's domestic policy is taking a wrong turn , the Near East -- the EU 's direct neighbor -- threatens to explode , and the speed of China 's and India 's rise as emerging powers will define the global economy and politics of tomorrow .
5 -RRB- Within the wider EU , solidarity threatens to decline .
Indeed , demographically , Russia is undergoing a dramatic decline . Apart from commodity exports , it has little to offer to the global economy .
Thus , a dramatic decline in the real economy , following the collapse of the financial house of cards , will have serious consequences for Germany and the EU .
The West -- the United States and Europe -- are in relative decline , while the emerging Asian and Latin American powers will be among the winners .
The US has responded to the decline of its global strength in an impressive manner , with the election of its first African-American president , Barack Obama .
And , unfortunately , Europe is not only doing nothing to hold off or reverse its decline -- it is accelerating the process through its own behavior .
The US has made a complete U-turn in ideological and practical terms , relying on Keynes and massive debt-financed public demand to rein in further economic decline .
Arrogance of power and blindness about reality were the two main causes for the decline of the sole remaining superpower .
Life expectancy continues to decline ; investment in infrastructure , research , and education are stunted ; the economy is barely able to compete internationally ; and the social divide between poor and rich is deepening .
You can only shake your head at the decline in Germans ' historical awareness , given that neither Thatcher nor Bismarck has ever been a role model for Germany 's European policy , and for good reason ! Neither of them thought much , if anything , of European integration .
If a great power forgets this , or loses the ability to act accordingly , it begins to decline .
The question today is whether the current crisis of American consciousness marks the beginning of America 's decline or , let us hope , the beginning of a return to multilateralism .
European spending on export refunds has declined considerably in recent years -- from 30 % of agricultural expenditure in the early 1990 's to less than 1 % today -LRB- if rural development is excluded -RRB- .
Second , not only have new foreign-equity investments declined during the financial crisis , but SWFs have also recently engaged in an unprecedented wave of divestments , especially of foreign holdings .
The advantage of such bonds is that in the event of a decline in the world price of the underlying commodity , the debt-to-export ratio need not rise .
Yet , barring particular sectors like steel , most American politicians and bosses bit their tongues about the dollar 's strength and few , if any , have jumped for joy at its recent decline .
To reverse America 's decline , Obama needs bipartisan support for his -LRB- quite mainstream -RRB- policies , but so far the US Congress has shown no stomach for a principled approach to its legislative duties .
The problem here is that these measures implicitly assume that risk declines when markets are doing well : they demand less capital during calm periods and more capital during volatile periods .
But there is also a short-term imperative to avoid a cycle of decline .
It heads the list on the spread of preventable diseases -- not only HIV , but tuberculosis , with 32,000 deaths last year alone -- and its education standards are in severe decline .
The result is surprisingly orthodox : a sharp decline in Latin America 's average public and private foreign debt , from 44 % to 21 % of GDP between 2003 and 2007 , in part because of the exchange rate appreciation generated by the foreign bonanza itself .
Moreover , the trend over time to a higher service-sector share in the economy suggests that higher real growth in services has not been offset by price declines .
Since then , work-time has steadily declined .
Indeed , Japanese public-opinion surveys also reveal a marked decline in favorable views of China .
Until now , the rest of world could only grumble at Europe 's obstinate refusal to recognize its relative decline .
Since last year , prices have declined in the US .
And , on both sides of the Atlantic , that decline is likely to undermine consumer spending .
They partly restored Argentina 's social and political fabric , which had been weakened by the brutal adjustments made during that crisis , which triggered a president 's fall from power , default on the country 's debts , and a dramatic decline in living standards that left more than half of the population below the poverty line .
As America establishes itself in Iraq , Turkey 's geopolitical military significance may decline .
So far , the decline of what was the Soviet Union has proceeded relatively well ; Russia , the principal successor state , has avoided all-out civil war and war with its neighbors .
And , third , American foreign policy has accelerated the relative decline of the United States vis-à-vis others .
Even with a world population that continues to add tens of millions of new mouths every year , given continuing growth in Haber-Bosch fertilizer and a surprising trend toward a worldwide decline in birth rates -LRB- if you live about 50 years longer , according to the best estimates , you 'll see humanity reach zero population growth -RRB- , it might be within humanity 's grasp to avoid mass starvation forever .
If so , China would have to expand its foreign exchange reserves by another $ 300-400 billion , which would allow it to finance the large expansion in the US fiscal deficit . Recent slight declines in the value of the renminbi suggest that China 's exchange rate policy may be changing following its 20 % appreciation of the currency since July 2005 .
It could have helped to contain the current crisis if it had accepted invitations to invest in Lehman Brothers , but , given its previous losses on Wall Street , it declined .
Overall , there is clear evidence of a decline in media pluralism since President Yanukovych came to power .
For the short term , the IEA points out that very strong and determined action will be necessary to ensure that global CO2 emissions stop rising -LRB- the current increase is more than 3 % per year -RRB- , reach a peak by about 2015 , and then decline steadily toward the 2050 target .
Their share of the vote in subsequent elections declined sharply .
But this is a recipe for further decline in Europe 's competitiveness -- one that we must reject sooner rather than later .
Many observers predicted that Indonesia , the world 's most populous Muslim country , would be unable to sustain democracy and would ultimately decline into chaos .
Fewer livestock would mean fewer animal products in our diet , which would reduce our consumption of harmful saturated fats , leading to a 30 % decline in heart disease .
In the UK , however , the epidemic of variant CJD seems to have peaked in 2000 and is now in decline , with 156 cases being identified so far .
If the epidemic were in decline , it might be anticipated that the average age of the patients would increase in the final stages -LRB- as occurred with cattle in the UK that were infected with BSE -RRB- .
Italy and Greece enjoyed huge declines in the cost of servicing their public debt in comparison to pre-EMU days .
Zimbabwe 's ongoing economic decline under the misrule of President Robert Mugabe has raised doubts about NEPAD 's key innovation , its self-monitoring instrument , the African Peer Review Mechanism .
Now they are the countries that feel most threatened , and bookshops in both countries are full of alarmist and sensational accounts of national decline .
Many French writers also express a vivid feeling of national decline , and many ordinary citizens believe that the rules of the global economy work against French national interests .
People in places like France and Poland who worry about national decline seek to blame somebody outside the country .
The rapid decline of the dollar and the pound , but also of the renminbi -- now more firmly tied to the dollar than ever -- is fanning tensions .
Instead of leading to an American renaissance , the `` Nixon shock '' produced theories about American imperial overstretch and decline .
As debate about Japanese economic decline intensified , a consensus emerged in Japan that outside pressure had forced the country into adopting a dangerous and ultimately destructive course .
But the same economic stimuli that underpin higher food output also lead to supply problems , a decline in living standards , and massive social strains , especially in urban centers .
During the course of the 1920 's , some of the official holders of pounds grew nervous about Britain 's weak foreign trade performance , which suggested that , like today 's dollar , the currency was over-valued and would inevitably decline .
Either it could step in and provide an enormous amount of credit directly to households and firms -LRB- much like Gosbank , the Soviet Union 's central bank -RRB- , or it could stand by idly while GDP falls 20-30 % -- the magnitude of decline that we have seen in modern economies when credit suddenly dries up .
With the private sector in free fall , consumption and investment would decline sharply .
If Greece is ever to repay some of this debt , it will need a drastic austerity program lasting decades . Such a program would cause Greek GDP to fall far more than Ireland 's sharp decline to date .
Russia proposed this kind of swap earlier , but Iran declined the offer , and the version agreed with Brazil and Turkey was likewise intended to forestall Iran 's ability to produce highly enriched uranium -LRB- HEU -RRB- , which can be used for nuclear warheads .
Foreign and domestic investments could decline further as a result of uncertainty , and the region 's financial sectors and stock markets could come under even more stress .
Growth in India 's agricultural sector declined from a lackluster 3.8 % to an even more anemic 2.6 % last year .
It was a grim recognition that Russia faces the opposite problem : a rapid decline in population that threatens every aspect of Russian life .
Otherwise , although Russia 's objective strengths remain unchanged , our influence in international affairs has declined .
The combination of a new security arrangement for the Euro-Atlantic community and the establishment of the Union of Europe could arrest the decline in the international weight of the West .
When one pole of nuclear deterrence weakened , due to Russia 's political decline in the 1990 's , NATO , a defensive union of democratic and peaceful states , committed aggression against Yugoslavia .
Indeed , the unprecedented decline in GRA lending , the IMF 's main source of income , forced the Fund to announce a $ 100 million cost-cutting plan in April 2008 .
His political rivals are gaining new positions of power , and the population is increasingly unhappy with the economy 's continuing decline .
Khamenei will likely create a new faction to compete with traditional conservatives after Ahmadinejad 's decline .
With the Communist Party in terminal decline , ideologies are vanishing .
But the fact that Russia 's social and economic diseases are going unaddressed has consigned the country to the long-term decline that his presidency was supposed to reverse .
In Ukraine that means not only violent unrest , but economic decline and renewed repression .
When General Yevgeni Malashenko declined in fear that he might be arrested , the 94-year-old Király flew to Moscow , where he spent a long weekend reminiscing and going to a banya for retired Red Army generals .
While the epidemiological statistics are alarming , the death rate has declined in recent weeks , from 7.6 % to 3.6 % .
Thanks to new programs of oral rehydration and improved water and sanitation , we have seen marked gains in treating dysentery and other parasitic diseases , contributing to a 27 % decline between 1990 and 2007 in mortality rates for children under five .
The result was a dramatic decline in CO2 emissions .
The secret behind the cut in emissions was economic decline .
Addressing drug use through criminalization and rehabilitation centers does nothing to curb demand , however , and usage rates have failed to decline .
Portugal recently went a step further in voting to decriminalize recreational drugs , including heroin and cocaine -- a move that has led to a significant decline in drug-related deaths and a fall in new HIV infections .
The Court declined to adopt a categorical rule barring such executions when it last heard the issue , but it acknowledged that a `` national consensus against execution of the mentally retarded may someday emerge . ''
For this is a moment when Japan must chart its course -- either decline or dignity -- as a `` state '' -LRB- kokka -RRB- in relation to its giant neighbor , China .
In addition , the Commission should reverse the decline in assistance and spend more money though local governments and the PRTs .
The pace of the decline of Western influence seems to have accelerated over the past decade .
As the currency declined , Asian central banks have been seen buying euros hand over fist to bolster their euro reserve assets .
The decline will likely be sustained by the substantial US current account deficit , which found in Bernanke 's cuts the spark it needed to make its impact fully felt in foreign exchange markets .
The longer the ECB maintains its inflationary bias , the steeper the consequent economic decline as the economy crumbles under the weight of the skyrocketing euro and interest rates that are too high for current economic realities -LRB- though lower than where the ECB hawks had planned to go before the current financial crisis hit -RRB- .
Asian income certainly will decline if Asians export less to the US -- and this , in turn , will reduce Asian imports from Europe .
Growth of per capita income decelerated between 1902 and 1930 and declined further in the last fifteen years of British rule until 1947 .
Then , in the 1970s , largely as a result of an environmental scare promoted by Rachel Carson 's book Silent Spring , foreign aid agencies and UN organizations stopped promoting DDT , and its usage declined .
With the decline in DDT use it returned .
According to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization , they were the single most important reason behind the skyrocketing price of rice in 2008 , when international trade in rice declined by about 7 % -LRB- to two million tons -RRB- from its record 2007 .
Even so , the average annual gap narrowed , from 17 % in 1990 to 7 % in 1996 , with the decline in average inflation in Latin America nothing short of spectacular -- from nearly 500 % annually in 1990 to less than 8 % in 1998 .
A decline in extreme poverty and inequality , and the creation of trustworthy institutions , can be achieved in the country 's beguiled by caudillismo only if the caudillo loses control of the wealth that sustains his rule .
None of the new state-owned factories -LRB- paper , cardboard , milk , urea , cement , textiles , and citric products -RRB- created in recent years is fully up and running , and nationalized companies -LRB- particularly the country 's oil refineries -RRB- have experienced declines in output and efficiency .
Japan 's decline has been palpable .
The problems underlying Japan 's decline are legion .
Now , as China rises and Japan declines , the old , deep-seated suspicions , tensions , and distrust are resurfacing .
Globalization After the Crisis WASHINGTON , DC -- The world economy has just been through a severe recession marked by financial turmoil , large-scale destruction of wealth , and declines in industrial production and global trade .
In a sample of 53 countries for which data are available , median growth in real average wages had declined from 4.3 % in 2007 to 1.4 % in 2008 .
Likewise , increasing the supply of money relative to a fixed amount of output will lead to a decline in the purchasing power of money , as each currency unit buys fewer goods .
One response was the decision by the People 's Bank of China to increase the one-year interest rate from 5.31 % to 5.58 % -- its first rate hike in over nine years -- in an effort to curb fixed-investment growth , staunch increasing prices , and offset a worrying decline in savings .
The current government 's tactic of muddling through without changing the political system or the structure of the economy is fraught with the risk of gradual decline .
Besides , muddling through may prove unaffordable even in the short run , if oil prices decline again .
We should probably worry a lot more than we do about demographic changes that will cause a dramatic decline in the potential labor force in rich countries , and a rise in those relying on pensions and health care .
In most industrialized countries , employment is concentrated in a narrow age range , so a decline in the labor force will cause a decline in production -- and make us less well off .
For two years , sea levels have declined .
It is hard to keep up the climate panic as reality diverges from the alarmist predictions more than ever before : the global temperature has not risen over the past ten years , it has declined precipitously in the last year and a half , and studies show that it might not rise again before the middle of the next decade .
During the massive investment associated with the Kyoto treaty , the participating countries ' investment in R&D as a percentage of GDP has declined , not increased .
Furthermore , famine has rapidly declined over the past half century .
Even for the Atlantic hurricane basin , which we tend to hear about the most , the total hurricane energy -LRB- ACE -RRB- as measured by the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has declined by two-thirds since the record was set in 2005 .
This may explain recent polling data showing that public concern about global warming has declined precipitously in the last three years .
In the United States , for example , the Pew Institute reported that the number of Americans who regard global warming as a very serious problem had declined from 44 % in April 2008 to only 35 % last October .
Following years of mismanagement and reckless lending , the bank was the first big victim of the commercial property market 's decline in 1990 .
If Europe is to gain a more important role in global leadership , it must reverse its long-term economic decline .
Consider the evidence of that decline :
Today , it has strengthened its state institutions , overcome economic decline , and regained status as a major actor in world politics .
Russian society and its leaders have no clear vision of the future , and the country 's demographic decline offers little hope of a rapid and sustainable turnaround .
The EU 's inefficiencies , coupled with changes in the international priorities of some of its member states , have led to a decline in the Union 's political clout .
The climate-change conference in Copenhagen last December illustrated this decline , as it was the four main emerging countries -- China , India , Brazil , and South Africa -- that held the key negotiations in which US President Barack Obama actively intervened .
While US power will inevitably decline in relative terms , that of the 1.3 billion people who live in the Islamic world -- the vast majority of them in Asia -- will inevitably increase .
For someone who lived through two totalitarian systems , it is almost unbearable to contemplate America 's decline .
These measures -- and many others that include the overdue use of available technology -- would augment the effectiveness of often-clueless referees , whose authority has declined sharply with the proliferation of decisive mistakes in major games and championships .
Consequently , Africa 's rural population has been growing faster and for longer than any other in human history , with a correspondingly rapid and prolonged decline in per-capita endowments of land and other natural resources .
Rather , Japan has initiated a series of abrupt policy changes , while the US , only dimly aware of the significance of its relative decline , assumes that Japan 's decades-long docility will continue .
In the 1960 's and early 1970 's , disparities in purchasing power declined by about 40 % , then stalled , while nominal income disparities fell by a similar margin from the mid-1970 's to 1990 .
Globalization and technological change are reshaping production throughout Europe , leading to the decline of traditional industries and rapid growth of high-technology manufacturing , banking and finance , scientific research , and business services .
When market liquidity becomes tight , as it is currently , sales decisions and valuations based on mark-to-market accounting reinforce the downward spiral by causing further forced sell-offs , which amplifies the decline in mark-to-market prices .
Sustained appreciation of a creditor country 's currency against the world 's dominant money is a recipe for a slowdown in economic growth , followed by eventual deflation , as Japan found in the 1990 's -- with no obvious decline in its large relative trade surplus .
While complaints against parents , based on allegedly repressed and recovered memories of abuse , have declined , those against large institutions , such as the Catholic Church , have increased .
On the contrary , German foreign reserves actually declined between 2000 and 2008 .
That 1.4 % decline came during a decade in which the US population grew by about 9.8 % .
The institution has been in near-imperceptible decline for almost 20 years , thanks to the rise of the European Parliament and the way EU member governments have whittled away its authority while consolidating their own powers as the EU 's true legislators .
It is hard to imagine that China 's government , which obsesses over every minute issue of diplomatic protocol , had not orchestrated this stark image of America 's decline relative to the country to which it owes $ 1.4 trillion .
Despite talk about American decline , the world is not prepared for a post-American era .
Although new HIV infections worldwide declined slightly during the past decade , 2.7 million people contracted the virus in 2008 , and there were two million HIV\/AIDS-related deaths . By the end of that year , more than four million people in low - and middle-income countries were receiving anti-retroviral therapy , but more than five million who were HIV-positive remained untreated .
Among Sunnis , the decline in support for an Islamic state is most dramatic , and may have significant ramifications for the ability of religious extremists to recruit among them .
In Egypt , for example , fertility rates declined from 4.8 to 2.9 children per woman in the last 15 years .
Whereas the `` Middle Kingdom '' is proudly regaining its former global status after centuries of decline , Russia is defiantly trying to resurrect its former imperial status , but in a manner that appears doomed to fail .
Both are marked by a defiant nationalism , and both feel irresistible , all the more so because they sense that the United States is in decline as a result of the quagmire in Iraq , if not in Afghanistan as well .
Comparing the respective abilities of Russia and China to block key international initiatives makes no sense in itself , but it does constitute a useful tool for understanding the transformation of the international system that is now taking place as a direct consequence of the relative decline of America 's global power .
The decline of America 's image and influence in the world does not annoy them .
More importantly , beyond the decline of the market and the re-legitimization of the state , we may be witnessing a rehabilitation of politics and politicians , if not of idealism .
In today 's global age , with the rise of emerging powers and the relative decline of the West , the only Europe that will be taken seriously is a Europe that can speak and be seen as one .
And symptoms accumulate : sight is gradually lost , genital lesions appear around puberty -LRB- sometimes increasing risk of HIV -RRB- , and skin condition declines as millions of microscopic worms become intolerably itchy .
With the popularity of President Jacques Chirac and Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin -- and French rightist forces more broadly -- in steep decline , a `` no '' vote could have tipped the public against ratification .
The hope was that the Chinese leadership would finally do something -- preferably something bold -- to forestall further decline in the country 's major economic indicators .
With household wealth seriously damaged by the housing crash and other asset-price declines , pensions and retirement provisions are in disarray .
To be sure , fiscal deficits and emergency measures in advanced economies and some major developing countries have cushioned the sharp decline , substituting in part for missing consumers .
Risk spreads have declined from their mid-crisis highs , but credit in many sectors remains tight or barely available , while the financial sector is set to become more conservative -- and is likely to be re-regulated with higher capital , reserve , and margin requirements .
Both the Greek and Italian public debt remain almost unchanged , despite the fact that both countries have benefited the most from the euro , as their long-term interest rates declined to German levels following its adoption .
This new family model has gained so much force that it is imposing itself on rural society , too , where the decline of the agrarian economy is accompanied by a strong shift towards smaller families .
Indeed , the continent 's share of world exports fell from 4.6 % in 1980 to 1.8 % in 2000 , and its share of world imports declined from 3.6 % to 1.6 % over the same period .
Moreover , SADC has faced a sharp decline in FDI inflows , which fell from $ 9.8 billion in 2001 to $ 3 billion in 2003 .
Yet defense spending across Europe remains flat or in decline .
Poll after poll confirms that America 's soft power has declined , particularly in the Islamic world .
The result was a dramatic decline in America 's `` soft '' or attractive power .
The arts , fashion , and cuisine of Asia 's ancient cultures have had a strong impact on other parts of the world for centuries , but Asia went through a period of relative decline as it lagged behind the industrial revolution in the West , and this undermined its influence .
Ultimately , the deepest causes of the Soviet collapse were the decline of communist ideology and economic failure .
The Soviet economy 's decline , meanwhile , reflected the diminished ability of central planning to respond to global economic change .
Tremendous declines in computing , communication , and transport costs have democratized technology .
The world economy was highly integrated in 1914 , but economic interdependence declined during the next three decades .
Pessimistic observers foresee a continual decline of freedom rather than a liberal equilibrium .
For example , two decades ago , the conventional wisdom was that the US was in decline .
The fact that the final three contenders included a woman , an African-American , and an older man who often challenged his own party suggests that the United States , after a decline in popularity during the Bush years , retains a capacity to reinvent itself .
An article in The Far Eastern Economic Review proclaims that `` Wall Street 's crack-up presages a global tectonic shift : the beginning of the decline of American power . ''
Yet the dollar , a symbol of American financial power , has surged rather than declined .
This is not so much a question of American decline as `` the rise of the rest . ''
The problem of American power in the wake of the financial crisis is not one of decline , but of a realization that even the most powerful country can not achieve its aims without the help of others .
It is hard to recall , but a little over a decade ago , conventional wisdom - both inside and outside the US - held that America was in decline .
It is true that the number of large-scale inter-state wars continues to decline , and fighting is unlikely among advanced democracies and on many issues .
In the aftermath of the war , polls showed a dramatic decline in the popularity of the US even in countries like Britain , Spain , and Italy , whose governments supported the war .
Certain Chinese scholars are now writing about the decline of the US , with one identifying the year 2000 as the peak of American power .
First , the US is not in decline .
Americans and others have been predicting decline regularly over the years : after the Soviets launched Sputnik in 1957 ; again when Nixon closed the gold window in 1971 ; and when the American rust-belt economy seemed to be overtaken by Japanese manufacturers in the 1980 's .
There is also a concern about the decline of public confidence in US institutions .
Mistrust of the government making this request could be the harbinger -- even the cause -- of national decline . ''
Moreover , the sharpest decline occurred more than four decades ago , in the late 1960 's and early 1970 's .
Whatever the reasons for the decline , if the public becomes unwilling to provide such crucial resources as tax dollars , or to comply voluntarily with laws , or if bright young people refuse to go into government service , governmental capacity will be impaired and people will become more dissatisfied with it .
Moreover , after a 40-year drop in voting rates in presidential elections , from 62 % to 50 % , the decline stopped in 2000 , and returned to 58 % in 2008 .
As The Economist has noted , `` talk of Europe 's relative decline seems to be everywhere just now ... You may hear glum figures about Europe 's future weight and with some reason .
With its current levels of immigration , America is one of the few developed countries that may avoid demographic decline and keep its share of world population , but this might change if reactions to terrorist events or public xenophobia closed the borders .
After that , however , the Soviet growth rate and share of global output began a long decline .
Estimates by United Nations demographers suggest that Russia 's population may decline from 145 million today to 121 million by mid-century .
At one extreme , some view Russia as an industrialized banana republic whose corrupt institutions and insurmountable demographic and health problems make decline inevitable .
To the extent that this sense of decline is grounded in reality , can Japan recover ?
For example , Japan 's aid budget has declined , and only half as many Japanese students study overseas as did two decades ago .
Not only do the remarks of French leaders about recreating a multi-polar world arouse alarm , but recent public opinion polls show a decline in the popularity of the US among Europeans and a desire for more independent policies .
Many Chinese mistakenly concluded that this represented a shift in the balance of global power , and that the US was in decline .
Today , many pundits argue that other countries ' rising power and the loss of American influence in a revolutionary Middle East point to the decline of `` American hegemony . '' But the term is confusing .
Yet many believe that America 's current preponderance in power resources is hegemonic , and that it will decline , like that of Britain before it .
But the term `` decline '' conflates two different dimensions of power : absolute decline , in the sense of decay or loss of ability to use one 's resources effectively , and relative decline , in which the other states ' power resources become greater or are used more effectively .
For example , in the seventeenth century , the Netherlands flourished domestically but declined in relative power as other states grew in strength .
While the US has problems , it hardly fits the description of absolute decline in ancient Rome , and the analogy to British decline , however popular , is similarly misleading .
Despite these differences , Americans are prone to cycles of belief in decline .
The Founding Fathers worried about comparisons to the decline of the Roman republic .
More recently , polls showed widespread belief in decline after the Soviet Union launched Sputnik in 1957 , then again during the Nixon-era economic shocks in the 1970 's , and after Ronald Reagan 's budget deficits in the 1980 's .
At the end of that decade , American 's believed the country was in decline ; yet , within a decade , they believed that the US was the sole superpower .
Now many have gone back to believing in decline .
Some observers , such as the Harvard historian Niall Ferguson , believe that `` debating the stages of decline may be a waste of time -- it is a precipitous and unexpected fall that should most concern policy makers and citizens . ''
Either way , fuzzy statements about hegemonic decline would again prove misleading .
Many mistakenly believed that the US was in decline , and that the crisis presented new strategic opportunities for China .
In these circumstances , many are predicting America 's decline , especially relative to China .
As for absolute decline , the US has very real problems , but the American economy remains highly productive .
This is hardly a picture of absolute economic decline .
If so , the gloomy predictions of absolute American decline will turn out to be as misleading as similar predictions in decades past .
In 2009 , economists expect growth to contract by up to 8 % , with a further steep decline likely next year .
For such a program to work , it is essential that developing countries recognize that IMF financing is good `` collective insurance , '' so that their demand for foreign-exchange reserves would decline .
So the military , which had terminated the First Republic in January 1966 with a bloody coup , returned to power in December 1983 and did not quit until 1999 , when pro-democracy forces , galvanized by economic decline and reports of military graft , forced the democratic elections that brought back Obasanjo to power .
Inept government and economic decline in the 1980 's and 1990 's obliged Nigeria 's leaders to focus on problems closer to home , like the civil wars in Liberia and Sierra Leone .
If this is n't daunting enough , consider this : if we delay taking action by even a few years , we probably wo n't hit the required targets , even with a temporary decline in carbon emissions associated with reduced economic activity in the near term .
First , Erdo?an 's government recognized that change can deliver greater stability than inertia , which invariably breaks down chaotically as economic decline and political infighting take hold .
In some African countries , for example , yields could decline by as much as 50 % by 2020 .
Several scenarios have been assessed by the IPCC , and one that would limit future temperature increase to between 2.0-2 .4 ?C would require that emissions peak no later than 2015 , and decline thereafter .
The rate of decline would then determine the extent to which the worst effects of climate change can be avoided .
In a speech just prior to the recent G-20 summit , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown warned President-elect Barack Obama against bailing out America 's struggling Big Three automakers , arguing that global competition has made their decline irreversible .
Rather , the economy has become so vulnerable to declines in asset prices that the Fed is obliged to intervene to prevent them from inflicting broad damage .
In effect , the new cycle locks the Fed into an unstable stance whereby it must prevent asset price declines to avert recession , yet must also promote asset bubbles to sustain expansions .
It will require leadership skills of a high order to persuade voters that in order to prevent national decline we must curb our appetite for more and more public spending .
Other factors -- declines in mosquito-control and other public health programs , or rising drug and pesticide resistance -- could be involved .
That decline will be difficult to halt .
The decline has so far been masked in the developed world by seafood products that were not previously available , such as farmed salmon , and by massive fish imports from developing countries .
With the economic benefits of EU membership now seeming much less than expected , the intensity of pro-EU sentiments in the candidate countries has significantly declined .
Typically , however , this type of aid declines very rapidly .
In the past , some countries have enjoyed tearless consolidation , because the launch of a retrenchment program was accompanied by a drop in long-term interest rates , a decline in private savings , or a surge in exports thanks to exchange-rate depreciation -LRB- or all of these at the same time -RRB- .
A recent decline in primary surpluses has added to the problem .
Japan 's overseas aid declined by 44 % when that country hit hard times .
Drought risk also increases with warming : even where rainfall does not decline , increased evaporation dries out the soils .
Ironically , since 2004 , the homeownership rate has been in decline .
LOS ANGELES -- Revelations in former President George W. Bush 's recently published memoirs show that he declined an Israeli request to destroy Syria 's secret nuclear reactor in the spring of 2007 .
Now , debt in the 28 countries for which relief has been approved has declined by an average of two-thirds , while their expenditures on health , education , and other social services have risen to almost four times the amount of debt-service payments .
The same growth rate can bring anything from a modest drop in poverty to a dramatic decline .
If this were true of all countries , the global population would start to decline after 2050 -- a development that would surely be benign .
And , most likely , the worst is yet to come : if the Obama administration does not succeed in stabilizing the United States economy in the coming weeks , Latin America will most likely face even steeper declines .
Florence Nightingale understood this when she declined to join the ICRC 's founder , Henri Dunant , in the 1860s .
That raises the biggest question of all : lacking in Chinese demand for Treasuries , how will a savings-strapped US economy fund itself without suffering a sharp decline in the dollar and\/or a major increase in real long-term interest rates ?
All the ingredients seem to be in place for a long and powerful perfect storm of economic decline and social unrest .
Not only is the decline of previously accepted social and financial regulations reflected in the relative , but important , drop in wage income as a percentage of GDP -- and therefore consumer spending -- in all developed countries in the last thirty years , but also the deliberate abolition of controls allows the banking sector to do as it pleases .
In fact , many emerging markets experienced declines in investment rates .
If you are a resident of Yaoundé , the decline in the quality of domestic play may not be a big deal if you can afford a cable connection that allows you to tune in to the English Premier League .
Their stock markets have declined by even more -LRB- 40 % in Brazil and one-third in South Korea -RRB- .
Confronted by economic decline and rising unemployment , governments are much more likely to pay attention to domestic pressure groups than to upholding their international obligations .
China 's tariffs declined precipitously in the late 1990 's , and many of the other inducements were also phased out .
It virtually guarantees that Greece , Spain , and others with large private and public debts will be condemned to years of economic decline and high unemployment .
They are better at adjusting to external economic shocks -LRB- such as terms-of-trade declines or sudden stops in capital inflows -RRB- .
For the moment , the eurozone may well have reached the point where an amicable divorce is a better option than years of economic decline and political acrimony .
Moreover , many African countries hit bottom and rebounded from long periods of civil war and economic decline .
In Britain , where the decline of manufacturing seems to have been pursued almost gleefully by Conservatives from Margaret Thatcher until David Cameron came to power , the numbers are even more sobering .
The sector went into long decline thereafter , as a combination of adverse policies and civil war from 1982-1992 brought new tree plantings to a halt .
If one currency declines relative to the other , the loser pays the difference .
From the writings of the earliest modern commentators on the drivers of socio-economic growth and decline -- Adam Smith , Edward Gibbon , Thomas Malthus , David Ricardo , and Karl Marx -- we see that concern about exhausting resources is not new . Malthus and Ricardo were particularly prescient about the roles of population , food , and energy resources .
By contrast , skeptics hold that the US economy already contains the seeds of its own socio-economic decline .
But another major factor contributing to Japan 's decline was that firms elsewhere began adopting Japanese methods , such as just-in-time supply chains .
But by now , the decline has become nearly universal , with huge implications for global asset markets .
Indeed , the main question for 2007 is whether macroeconomic volatility will continue to decline , fueling another spectacular year for markets and housing , or start to rise again , perhaps due to growing geopolitical tensions .
Most sober analysts have long been projecting a steady trend decline in the dollar against the currencies of America 's trading partners , especially in Asia and emerging markets .
Though exchange rates are notoriously unpredictable , the best guess is that a slow unwinding of the massive US trade deficit will keep the dollar on a path of gradual long-term decline .
But the fact that several Asian and emerging-market countries are resisting this decline by buying dollars is putting inordinate pressures on the more flexible currencies , such as the euro and the Canadian dollar , which are trading at record levels .
The Federal Reserve would be forced to lower interest rates further , making the dollar even less attractive , and the concomitant shift in global demand away from the US , marked by a sharp decline in the US trade balance , would put still more pressure on the dollar .
But , between the sub-prime US mortgage crisis and the dollar 's ongoing decline , America 's exorbitant privilege now looks a bit shaky .
Instead , as the credit crunch and housing price decline continue , an epic mortgage bailout appears increasingly likely , possibly costing US taxpayers a trillion dollars or more .
The British pound only forfeited its role to the US dollar after more than 50 years of industrial decline and two world wars .
But today 's social , economic , and political systems -- at least in developed countries -- are unable to withstand a peacetime decline in output of 15-20 % within a short period .
Income in the US and euro-area both appear to have declined at an annualized rate of roughly 6 % in the fourth quarter of 2008 ; Japan 's GDP fell at perhaps twice that rate .
In all likelihood , a slew of countries will see output declines of 4-5 % in 2009 , with some . having true depression level drops , of 10 % or more .
Europe , too , faces challenges , and not just from the fact that it now has the worst downturn of the world 's major economic regions , with Germany 's government warning of a surreal 6 % decline in GDP for 2009 .
But both theoretical and simulation results suggest no obvious decline in volatility .
They live from paycheck to paycheck -- often a shrinking paycheck , owing to the decline in hourly wages and hours worked .
A vicious cycle of asset-price correction and weaker growth , together with downside surprises that are not currently priced by markets , could lead to further asset-price declines and even weaker growth -- a dynamic that drove the global economy into recession in the first place .
Falling prices mean that the real cost of capital is high and the real value of nominal debts rise , leading to further declines in consumption and investment -- and thus setting in motion a vicious circle in which incomes and jobs are squeezed further , aggravating the fall in demand and prices .
First , the newcomers share a problem that undermined the social market model in Western Europe : demographic decline and , consequently , the prospect of soaring health and pension costs .
To understand why requires taking a long-term view of geopolitics , particularly the gradual decline of US and European global domination .
It has become even drier in recent decades because of a decline in rainfall , which is probably the result , at least in part , of man-made climate change , caused mostly by energy use in rich countries .
Declining rainfall contributed directly or indirectly to crop failures , the encroachment of the desert into pasturelands , the decline of water and grassland for livestock , and massive deforestation .
When childhood death rates come down , fertility rates tend to decline even more , since families are now confident that their children will survive .
The Fed declined to regulate these dubious practices .
Once they peak and begin to decline , lending conditions tighten , and banks find themselves repossessing houses whose value does not cover the value of the debt .
Housing prices peaked as lending slowed , and prices then started to decline .
Having stoked a boom , now the Fed ca n't prevent at least a short-term decline in the US economy , and maybe worse .
In inflation-adjusted dollars , this represented a decline of roughly 40 % since the early 1980 's , and now equals what the US spends on its military in just 1.5 days .
Third , commercial banks also lost heavily in these dealings , wiping out much of their capital . As their capital declines , so , too , do their future loans .
Yes , the US will experience a decline in income and a sharp rise in unemployment , lowering the rest of the world 's exports to the US .
Although their households have suffered to some extent from the fall in equity prices , they not only can continue to grow , but they can also increase their internal demand to offset the decline in exports to the US .
Second , the decline in US consumption should also be partly offset by a rise in US investment .
But if the world cooperates effectively , the decline in consumer demand can be offset by a valuable increase in investment spending to address the most critical needs on the planet : sustainable energy , safe water and sanitation , a reduction of pollution , improved public health , and increased food production for the poor .
There is not yet an authoritative measurement of the wealth decline and of how it is distributed worldwide , but it is probably around $ 15 trillion lower than the peak in the US , and perhaps $ 10 trillion lower in both Europe and Asia .
A combined wealth decline of around $ 25 trillion would be roughly 60 % of one year 's global income .
The decline in US wealth as a share of the US economy is even larger , around 100 % of annual income , and perhaps 70 % of annual income in Europe and Asia .
The usual assumption is that household consumption falls by around $ 0.05 for each $ 1 decline in household wealth .
Cooperation can turn the sharp and frightening decline in worldwide consumption spending into a global opportunity to invest more in the world 's future well being .
These investments are needed in the short term to offset the decline in worldwide consumption spending that underlies the global recession .
Stimulus spending aims to use higher government outlays or tax incentives to offset the decline in household consumption and business investment .
The result of all of this is likely to be a long-term decline of US power and prosperity , because Americans no longer invest collectively in their common future .
Ironically , today 's decline in American global power may lead to more effective regional cooperation .
Recent events in the Middle East and Central Asia , for example , clearly reflect the decline of US influence .
Other regions also will find that the decline of US power increases the urgency of stronger cooperation between neighbors .
Those who have kept their jobs have seen their wages stagnate or decline .
Robert Putnam , the leading scholar of America 's declining sense of community , has found that TV viewing is the central explanation of the decline of `` social capital , '' the trust that binds communities together .
In other parts of the Islamic world , the fertility rate is far lower and has declined in recent decades , signaling a major shift in cultural norms .
In Indonesia , the decline in fertility rates was about the same .
stock market decline can lead to a full-fledged banking crisis , as occurred in Japan , Mexico , and most recently Argentina .
The key reason for the Great Depression of the 1930s was not stock market decline , but the collapse of America 's banking system that took place during 1930-33 .
Since June , US and world stock markets have declined by around 20 % in dollar terms .
The decline in cross-border flows intensified after the September 11 attacks last year .
Most of sub-Saharan Africa , South America , the Middle East , and Central Asia are mired in stagnation or economic decline .
Thus , the South African economy experienced an absolute decline in per capita output during the years of widespread sanctions .
But sanctions were not the only reason for decline . Political unrest also devastated the economy , as did a fall in world gold prices that coincided with the anti-apartheid movement in the final years .
Second , as these other fossil fuels take up the slack when oil production reaches a plateau or starts to decline , the effects of fossil fuels on the climate must be brought under control .
This decline coincided with a rise in the surface temperature of the neighboring Indian Ocean , a hint that the decline in rainfall is in fact part of the longer-term process of man-made global warming .
Despite the promises , aid continued to decline .
By the early 1990 's , official development assistance was still around 0.33 % of donor GNP , and by the early 2000 's , it had declined to around 0.22 % of GNP .
But the long-term decline in the ratio of aid to GNP did not stop the rich world from promising time and again to reach 0.7 % of GNP , including at the Rio Earth Summit in 1992 and the Copenhagen Summit on Social Development in 1995 .
After these golden ages , education fell into decline .
However , the biggest TFR declines in recent years have been in developing countries .
But this may change as the source countries become richer and undergo rapid declines in birth rates .
India , the only large economy whose workforce will grow in sufficient scale over the next three decades , may partly balance the declines expected in other major economies .
Given this , it is likely that world population will peak at nine billion in the 2050 's , a half-century sooner than generally anticipated , followed by a sharp decline .
While the decline in fertility is global , its speed varies across countries .
Rich economies are already challenged by this decline , and so are scrambling to meet the insatiable demands of public pension and health care systems , which causes their fiscal balances to deteriorate .
Japan 's population , for example , is projected to decline by 17.9 million by 2050 , while the share of its 60 + population will climb to 42 % , and the share of its 80 + population will exceed 10 % .
In part , the decline was due to increased holdings of foreign public debt relative to private debt .
By 2010 , this share had fallen by 10 percentage points , to 42 % -- a remarkable decline that was interrupted only briefly by the financial crisis .
But this may have been offset by a decline in the proportion of earnings coming from the US .
Conservation With a Human Face PARIS -- The world is witnessing a drastic decline of its natural capital .
If the global poverty reduction target is met , it will be due to high growth in emerging countries such as China or India rather than to a decline in absolute poverty in the neediest countries .
Indeed , indicators of economic freedom and competitiveness compiled by the Heritage Foundation , the Cato Institute , the World Economic Forum , and others show that Taiwan 's relative ranking has stagnated or even declined on Chen 's watch .
Second , in July 2002 , the city of Syracuse , New York , in conjunction with the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation , the Yale School of Management , and Realliquidity , LLC , created home equity insurance that pays out if an index of city home prices declines .
In the US , the two-day Federal Open Market Committee meeting on June 29-30 is likely to mark a major turning point , reversing the steady decline of the benchmark federal funds rate since Alan Greenspan began loosening monetary policy in 2001 .
But declines in home prices will not occur quickly when central banks begin to raise interest rates .
In most high-priced places , a real decline may not come for some time .
The resulting supply surge drives down prices , reinforces expectations of further declines , and produces the inverse of a speculative bubble : a collapse in prices .
Afterwards , the trend was reversed , and inflation declined fairly steadily .
That is good news , because there is a pretty strong chance that we are going to see major price declines in a number of cities around the globe in the next few years , and these price declines will cause real pain to many homeowners .
It is , of course , true that real long-term interest rates have declined quite markedly -- not suddenly and not only recently , but at a fairly steady pace for more than twenty years .
There were some ups and downs along the way , but the overall trend has been downward , and the magnitude of the decline -- nearly five percentage points -- is striking .
Ben Bernanke , the Chairman of President George W. Bush 's Council of Economic Advisors and a likely candidate to succeed Alan Greenspan as the Federal Reserve 's chairman in January , has called the decline in real interest rates over just the last decade a `` global savings glut . ''
A decline in long-term rates of such magnitude would thus appear to imply massive price inflation for real assets , justifying the high prices we are in fact seeing .
In short , we simply should n't read too much into the decline in real long-term interest rates over the last 20 years .
The fundamental experience of the Great Depression has repeated itself , on a smaller scale , many times and in many countries in recent decades : a shock in financial markets , followed by a sharp decline in gross domestic product .
If confidence declines , his historical understanding of the Great Depression of the 1930 's could leave him ill-equipped to prevent such shocks from sinking the US , and the world , economy .
With livelihood insurance , a private insurer would pay a stream of income to a policyholder if an index of average income in the insured person 's occupation and region declines substantially .
But Mexico has recently also shown a sharp decline in population growth rates , as Mexican women opt for more birth control and smaller families .
Some part of the high saving rates in China since the early 1980 's might be due to the decline in public confidence about health care , retirement benefits , and education , and a weakened sense of job security .
The survey that Karl Case and I conducted in May and June of this year , under the auspices of the Yale School of Management , shows sharp declines in short-term expectations for home prices in the US , but relatively little change in long-term expectations .
The increase in housing prices during the 1980 's is now viewed as the veritable model of a boom cycle turned bust . A pattern of sharp price increases , which peaked around 1990 , was followed by declines in cities from Boston and Los Angeles to London , Sydney , and Tokyo , contributing to severe regional recessions .
This may amplify any price declines , especially in `` glamour cities '' and those with weakening economies .
Judging from the historical record , housing price declines fortunately tend to be relatively local , and nationwide drops are unlikely .
In the US , for example , the Standard and Poor 's 500 index in July recorded six days of declines and only three days of increases amounting to more than 1 % .
The February 27 decline began with an 8.8 % one-day drop in the Shanghai Composite , following news that the Chinese government might tax capital gains more aggressively .
This news should have been relevant only to China , but the drop there fueled declines worldwide .
In the US , the skew has been so negative only three other times since 1960 : at the time of the 6.7 % drop on May 28 , 1962 , the record-shattering 20.5 % plummet on October 19 , 1987 , and the 6.1 % decline on October 13 , 1989 .
Before that , between the third quarter of 2000 and the first quarter of 2002 , real S&P 500 earnings fell 55 % -- the biggest-ever decline since the index was created in 1957 .
Bubble Trouble The future of the housing boom , and the possible financial repercussions of a substantial price decline in coming years , is a matter of mounting concern among governments around the world .
Nevertheless , an outside observer might have been struck by the weight given to the possibility that the decade-long boom might well suffer a real reversal , followed by serious declines .
There seems to be a general recognition of substantial downside risk , as the current credit crisis seems to be related to the decline in US home prices that we have already seen .
The current decline in home prices is associated just as clearly with waning speculative enthusiasm among investors , which is likewise largely unrelated to monetary policy .
The world 's monetary authorities will have trouble stopping this decline , and much of the attendant problems , just as they would have had trouble stopping the ascent that preceded it .
If home prices continue to decline in the United States and possibly elsewhere , there could be many more vivid images .
Partly due to such efforts , as well as to a change in family values , the rate of growth of the world 's population , began a long decline , to 1.1 % in 2005 .
That gradual decline led to gradual loss of concern about limits to growth .
Commercial banks , investment banks , and hedge funds all owe their ongoing trouble to its decline , which in turn is jeopardizing the plans of companies and entrepreneurs to launch enterprises and make investments , and of households to consume .
This decline in confidence is fundamentally related to the chaos in the financial markets that started in 2007 and accelerated this September .
The stunning magnitude of recent declines can not be dismissed as a one-day anomaly caused by a technical trading glitch .
The futures market at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange is now predicting declines of around 15 % more before the prices bottom out in 2010 .
But those who make these forecasts are implying real declines , from peak to trough , of more than 50 % in some places .
The proximate answer for the US is that a decline in lending standards helped people buy houses at ever-increasing prices before 2006 .
But , from 1911 to 2010 in the US , the correlation between annual real growth of prices for homes and farmland was only 5 % , and the latest data on farm prices have not shown anything like the decline in home prices .
By 2010 , real farm prices in the US had fallen only 5 % from their 2008 peak , compared to the 37 % decline in real home prices since their peak in 2006 .
And it turns out that growth rates decline in all of these categories as the debt-to-GDP ratio increases , only somewhat more in the last category .
The decline occurred over the better part of a decade , as we began to see the end of debt-driven overexpansion , and accelerated with the latest debt crisis .
In short , the euro has clearly made some headway during this period of US balance of payment deficits , but this reflects an evolutionary decline in the dollar 's dominance , not a revolutionary regime shift .
No Diseases for Old Men PRINCETON -- Pneumonia used to be called `` the old man 's friend '' because it often brought a fairly swift and painless end to a life that was already of poor quality and would otherwise have continued to decline .
As Pakistan 's international prestige declined , its creation and ongoing support for the Taliban boomeranged against it .
Thus , if a group of countries decides to have lower emissions , worldwide emissions will decline by the sum of these countries ' reductions .
Such unions are common in Anglo-Saxon countries . They were responsible to a great extent for Britain 's economic decline in the 1960 's and 1970 's .
If they raise their prices , they receive the full financial gain , while any loss implied by a decline in demand is distributed among all sellers .
For this reason , the total price that emerges is higher than would have been chosen by a monopoly seller who represents all producers together and who takes into consideration all the mutual disadvantages from any decline in demand .
The decline in the WES indicator during the last two quarters was the sharpest since 2001 , when the stock market bubble burst .
This has meant either a decline in asset prices quoted in dollars or in dollars quoted in other currencies .
Long-term interest rates for Italian government bonds declined from about 12 % to about 4 % in the ten years from 1994-95 to 2004-05 .
Indeed , other things being equal , had the interest rate not declined , Italy would have had a public-finance deficit of 11 % of GDP in 2004 rather than the reported 3 % , and its debt\/GDP ratio would , of course , have been much higher .
In the US , the climate indicator declined again , after having sunk dramatically in the second quarter , bringing it to its lowest level since 1991 .
Also for the euro area , the Ifo Economic Climate index registered a dramatic decline .
A second hypothesis is closer to the truth : the decline of economic activity in Germany thus far has not been as strong as in other countries .
Germany has only been indirectly affected -- by the decline in worldwide demand for German products -- which explains an important timing difference in the business cycle .
Ever since Japan 's banking crisis began in 1990 , the country has been in a liquidity trap , with central bank rates close to zero , and from 1998 to 2005 the price level declined by more than 4 % .
According to the OECD , the annualized flow of German goods exports from January 2008 to January 2009 declined by $ 173 billion more than the corresponding flow of imports fell , which means that Germany 's annualized trade surplus fell by the same amount .
This is the strongest decline in net foreign demand facing a single country , or , equivalently , the strongest increase in a country 's net demand for foreign goods .
Japan , for example , has confronted only a $ 157 billion decline in its annualized trade balance .
During the same period , annualized US imports declined by $ 284 billion more than US exports , and China 's annualized trade surplus increased by $ 249 billion .
The $ 7 trillion decline in US house prices over the past two years was equivalent to the explosion of an atomic bomb .
As home prices declined and one-third of US mortgage loans went under water -- that is , the property 's market value sank below the amount of the loan -- three million US homeowners lost their homes , unable to meet their payment obligations , making the CDOs and MBSs empty shells .
Since rescue measures beyond the pre-arranged Greek package had not been on the agenda for the Brussels meeting , German Chancellor Angela Merkel thought she could safely go to Moscow to commemorate the end of World War II -- unlike Sarkozy , who declined Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin 's invitation .
In order to overcome the no-bailout clause , Sarkozy and other European leaders dramatized the decline of southern European governments ' bonds and the corresponding increase in interest-rate spreads .
The Case-Shiller index for single-family homes seemed to have recovered in spring 2009 , after a 34 % decline relative to the last boom .
The unemployment rate , now at 7 % , is slightly lower than it was even at the peak of the last boom , in autumn 2008 , and is expected to decline .
Depreciation inside the eurozone in the form of deflation , on the other hand , would drive large parts of the real economy into excessive debt , because only the value of assets , not that of bank debts , would decline .
When a country specializes in a certain area , capital and labor move into that area at a rate faster than they move into other areas -- indeed , the growth of export-related sectors may come at the cost of a decline in other areas .
On the contrary , employment outside manufacturing and trade declined , so that the economy as a whole suffered a net loss of 1.26 million full-time equivalent jobs .
In fact , since the fall of communism , the percentage decline in German industrial employment has been larger than in any other OECD country .
In part , this was due to the decline in the former East Germany .
The first thing to notice is that , as a result of the slump , capacity utilization is lower than it was 15 months ago : global output has declined by roughly 5 % since 2008 , and developed-country output by 4.1 % .
One would expect inflation to fall with the decline in output , and this is exactly what happened .
As important is a straightforward decline in literacy .
But `` rise '' is how most people think of China 's recent history , and in history the rise of some is usually associated with the decline of others .
Europe is plainly in decline , politically and culturally , though most Europeans , blinded by their high living standards and the pretensions of their impotent statesmen , are happy to dress this up as progress .
Today , capital in the developed world is abundant ; the saving ratio declines as people consume more ; and production shifts increasingly to services , where productivity gains are limited .
With the economy in steep decline , Poland 's rulers began to seek to stabilize the political system and reestablish relations with the West .
Public opinion polls also show a dramatic decline in support for enlargement within the current EU member states .
These jitters contributed to the support they gave to the US position on Iraq , which in turn provoked the irritation of some Western European leaders and the decline of public support in the member states for EU enlargement .
It increased the terrorist threat by creating innocent victims , while leading to a precipitous decline in American power and influence .
As a result , the current financial crisis is less likely to cause a global recession than a radical realignment of the global economy , with a relative decline of the US and the rise of China and other developing countries .
By contrast , the addition of $ 700billion on the demand side may not be sufficient to arrest the decline of housing prices .
Unless it introduces practical measures to support the countries at the periphery of the global financial system , global markets will suffer another round of decline , just as they did after United States Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner 's failure in February to produce practical measures to recapitalize America 's banking system .
Being long CDS , the risk automatically declines if they are wrong .
For China , the crisis was an extraneous event that was experienced mainly as a temporary decline in exports .
Its absence as a buyer contributed to the euro 's decline .
Chinese buying reversed the euro 's decline .
Either way , the Chinese trade surplus is bound to shrink , but it would be much better for China if that happened as a result of rising living standards rather than global economic decline .
But the Chinese leadership declined the offer , explaining that China is a developing country that can hardly meet its own people 's needs .
The decline in government bond prices has exposed the banks ' undercapitalization , while the prospect that governments will have to finance banks ' recapitalization has driven up risk premiums on government bonds .
Of course , rapid declines in asset values had an impact for a few months , but , with less leverage , the impact on net worth was lower and domestic consumption less vulnerable .
All developing countries witnessed a huge fall-off in trade -- much larger than the declines in income and output . Trade bounced back relatively quickly in the second half of 2009 , though this partly reflected the extraordinarily low base .
NEW YORK -- Before the crisis of 2008 , the International Monetary Fund was in decline .
On the balance-sheet side , even if a temporary decline in long-term interest rates pushes up asset values , debt-burdened households with uncertain employment prospects are unlikely to rush to consume .
Labor-intensive industries in the tradable sector must be allowed to decline .
MILAN -- The recent dramatic declines in equity markets worldwide are a response to the interaction of two factors : economic fundamentals and policy responses -- or , rather , the lack of policy responses .
And equity values ' decline toward a more realistic reflection of economic fundamentals will further weaken aggregate demand and growth .
Savings in the household sector declined and leveled off at about zero , as low interest rates led to over-leveraging , an asset bubble , and an illusory increase in wealth .
They must be allowed to decline or move inland -LRB- and eventually decline -RRB- .
Targeting of sectors will decline .
Since early 2002 , the dollar has fallen by one-third against major currencies , and recently this decline has intensified .
In fact , the full impact of America 's `` QE2 '' will not be domestic , because the net effect will be a weaker dollar as speculators bet on its decline .
There is also the risk of a disruptive decline in the dollar , which could prompt investors to flee US debt .
Most importantly , a disruptive decline of the US dollar -LRB- or a disruptive appreciation of the Chinese renminbi -RRB- could hinder not only China 's growth , but also global recovery .
Any decline in China 's growth would thus significantly undermine poverty reduction in the emerging world .
Second , support for Sharia , never high in Turkey , has actually declined since the AKP came to power , from 19 % in 1996 to 8 % in 2007 .
Learning the Lessons of Iraq NEW YORK -- The Iraq war has been replaced by the declining economy as the most important issue in America 's presidential election campaign , in part because Americans have come to believe that the tide has turned in Iraq : the troop `` surge '' has supposedly cowed the insurgents , bringing a decline in violence .
American exports are about to decline .
There has been an enormous decrease in -LRB- perceived -RRB- wealth , in the trillions , with the decline in house and stock prices .
Developing Countries and the Global Crisis NEW YORK -- This year is likely to be the worst for the global economy since World War II , with the World Bank estimating a decline of up to 2 % .
But , in the developing world , it is just the opposite : a decline in exports , reduced remittances , lower foreign direct investment , and precipitous falls in capital flows have led to economic weakening .
In America , for instance , bad debt and foreclosures are at levels not seen for three-quarters of a century ; the decline in credit in 2009 was the largest since 1942 .
The Obama administration 's efforts to deal with the real-estate market have been a dismal failure , perhaps succeeding only in postponing further declines .
· growth in inequality , with the top 1 % garnering more than 20 % of the country 's income , accompanied by a weakening of the middle class -- median US household income has fallen by more than 5 % over the past decade , and was in decline even before the recession ;
There will also be a decline in competitiveness .
Indeed , over the course of this ideology 's 30-year ascendance , most Americans saw their incomes decline or stagnate year after year .
With a decline in farm income in excess of 50 % from 1929 to 1932 , one might have anticipated massive migration .
After all , the first effect of the expenditure cutbacks is a further decline in income , and with it profitability of investment .
With the decline in income , tax revenues decline , and , if the country has any kind of social safety net , expenditures increase .
While a weak dollar may be good for exports , a falling dollar will be accompanied by stock market losses and greater declines in confidence .
Europe will join America in a downturn , reinforcing America 's decline and setting in motion a global downward spiral .
The pre-1998 period of economic decline , on their view , reflected a stalled transition process , whereas the ruble crisis finally jolted the authorities into action , with recovery following implementation of far-reaching reforms .
What they achieved was undiluted decline .
A recession is normally defined as two quarters -LRB- six months -RRB- of decline in GDP .
In the 1960 's , productivity increased by more than 3 % per year , but in the early 1970 's , productivity growth suddenly declined , by almost two thirds .
This has , indeed , already happened in some developed countries : in the ten years that have passed since the signing of the North American Free Trade Agreement , average real wages in the US have actually declined .
Moreover , real estate prices will most likely stop rising rapidly -- indeed , they may even decline .
On both accounts , aggregate demand will decline .
With `` just-in-time '' production that entailed smaller inventories , new information systems that allowed for better control of inventories , and the decline in manufacturing , inventory cycles seemed a thing of the past .
The dramatic decline in India 's share of global GDP under Britain 's rule , as Britain passed trade laws designed to benefit its textile producers at the expense of those in its colony , is the most visible example .
It is not clear whether workers will continue to accept declines in their living standards in the name of an unbalanced globalization whose promises seem ever more elusive .
Many low-income countries will suffer from the decline in commodity prices .
However , as China has accounted for most of this decline , there were at least 100 million more people living in poverty outside China in 2005 than in 1981 .
By contrast , the insistence on minimal government and reliance on the market led to precipitous declines in public infrastructure investment , particularly in agriculture .
And , while financial markets insist on deficit reduction , the recent decline in equity and bond prices -- and the loss of confidence that this reflects -- suggests that they also recognize the adverse implications of fiscal consolidation at a time of weak private demand .
Between the first and second half of the 1990 's , the `` residual component of yearly productivity growth '' -LRB- the part measuring the efficiency with which all the factors of production are used -RRB- , declined by over 1 % in Italy , Spain , and the UK . It remained constant in France and Germany , while going up by 0.66 % in the US .
China 's total fertility rate is estimated at around 1.5 , implying that the working-age population will begin to decline by the mid-2010 's .
And , reflecting the aging of Japanese society , the household savings rate itself will decline dramatically , making it difficult for the private sector to finance annual budget deficits .
Confidence in the JGB market will likely decline .
Although a tax increase will undoubtedly be needed , it is the wrong priority at the moment -- and could prove counter-productive if it causes the economy to decline dramatically .
Economic deterioration in Bangladesh would only worsen inter-communal tensions and provide a fertile breeding ground for jihadis , but the reforms needed to head off decline are often blocked by political infighting and opposition boycotts .
But Berlusconi 's leadership is based on his skill as a communicator -LRB- which declines as expectations go unfulfilled -RRB- more than on his skill as a mediator among squabbling allies .
This disturbing decline of faith in democracy , which is not confined to Italy , brings us back to the powerful rationale underlying Europeans ' growing reliance on technocratic governance : security .
In fact , in the Olympics , India 's record has declined over time .
Instead , the decline in Indian stocks reflected foreign investors ' liquidity problems : they withdrew from holdings in India because they needed their money back home , not because it was n't growing for them .
Though India 's merchandise exports did register declines of about 30 % , its exports of services continued to do well throughout the crisis .
In the summer of 2003 , a poll conducted by the Pew Organization in 20 countries revealed that the UN 's standing had declined in all of them .
Since the mid-1990 's , the relative decline in employment in these countries has , indeed , been slightly reversed .
Indeed , the secular decline in the proportion of national income accounted for by wages and salaries over the last 10 years in nearly every EU economy is a major obstacle to a recovery in private consumption .
And the flipside of the decline in wage and salaries -- a steep rise in the proportion of national income accounted for by corporate profits -- has not resulted in booming investment .
This decline seems to have stopped , and the most recent data indicate that the bottom may have been reached .
As we enter 2010 , a convenient fact is that the world economy has stopped its dramatic decline and started to recover . An inconvenient fact is that the recovery remains fragile .
The GFSR confidently noted that `` stress tests conducted by investment banks show that , even under scenarios of nationwide house price declines that are historically unprecedented , most investors with exposure to subprime mortgages through securitized structures will not face losses . ''
However , its members are increasingly facing capital volatility , and there is a sharp decline in the use of Fund resources .
Passionate defense of a diminished status makes less sense than practical efforts to arrest decline and enhance Russia 's real power .
Back then , Britain was in a position not unlike that of the US today : a superpower in relative decline , facing new competitors and a backlash against globalization .
With oil prices plummeting 70 % from their peak -LRB- and similar price declines for metals , Russia 's other major export -RRB- , it is no surprise that Russia is facing severe economic challenges .
In the meantime , the central bank hemorrhaged reserves defending this slow correction , while commercial banks have been holding on to dollars in anticipation of the ruble 's further decline .
The `` 70-80 '' scenario will preserve the status quo , but eventually the economy will reach a dead end , at which point the only choice will be genuine economic reform or decline and dangerous civil disorder .
Gazprom 's three largest fields , which account for three-quarters of its output , are in decline .
At that time , food-price increases were attributed to growing global demand for food commodities , a major decline in the value of the US dollar , crop failures in some parts of the world , and biofuels .
In Sweden , the decline in GDP lasted for three years , and the economy was then lifted by a dramatic increase in exports , owing to the sharp depreciation of the krona , with annual industrial output rising by around 10 % on average over two years .
In the second , the decline in the US economy and growing fiscal problems lead to a sharp fall in the dollar .
In any case , rich European countries will suffer a permanent structural decline in manufacturing : much of the decline that we now see in European manufacturing is not the result of temporary economic movements but is part of a long-term adjustment of the industrial sector 's size .
As a result of the premature decline of the manufacturing sector , unemployment is high in many Latin American countries .
Efforts to find new revenues will chase spending cuts that in recent years have led to a decline in public-sector investment and education spending and a shift in responsibility for welfare spending from the federal to local governments .
A rapid decline in exports has caused the closure of thousands of factories in the Pearl River and Yangtze River deltas , and tens of millions of unemployed migrant workers are now returning to their hinterland provinces .
George Dangerfield 's controversial history , The Strange Death of Liberal England , describes his country 's sudden decline at the peak of its power at the turn of the last century .
On the contrary , the initial benefits that peasants gained from the rural reforms of the late 1970 's and early 1980 's have disappeared ; real income among farmers has dropped in recent years as their production costs rise and agricultural prices decline .
Egypt has already declined support from the International Monetary Fund .
Two words best sum up the reasons for this : decline and dictatorship .
Minsk -- a Soviet era industrial jewel -- and the other industrial centers of Belarus declined rapidly after the Soviet Union dissolved , which incited efforts to foster closer economic and political co-operation with Russia .
Neither a gradual erosion in the US market share of students , nor the emergence of ambitious new competitors in Asia , Europe , and the Middle East means that American universities are on an inevitable path to decline .
While Japan 's overall current-account surplus declined significantly , from 3.7 % of GDP in 1985 to 2.7 % in 1988 , the overall US current-account deficit only fell from 2.8 % of GDP to 2.4 % , because Japanese companies started investing in production facilities in Southeast Asia for export to the US .
Since its inception in 1991 , GEF funding has declined by almost 10 % as a share of the combined GDP of the 38 contributing nations ;
In all of these cities , CO2 emissions declined sharply and congestion was significantly reduced , with Singapore experiencing an immediate 45 % drop in traffic .
They continue to stagnate or decline economically . Mostly located in sub-Saharan Africa , these `` Laggards '' are largely isolated from the global economy , and they face crucial development challenges .
And , as the grid 's CO2 emissions are cleaned up , the vehicles ' role as a source of emissions will decline .
According to the United Nations Population Division 's -LRB- UNPD -RRB- `` medium-variant '' projections , without reform of the `` one-child '' policy , the share of China 's population aged 15 and below would decline from 24.8 % in 2000 to 15.7 % in 2050 , while the share of those aged 65 and above would soar from 6.8 % to 23.6 % .
Furthermore , the decline in the working-age cohort would squeeze labor supply , fueling wage growth and eroding the country 's economic competitiveness .
China 's inward FDI fell 1.2 % in the first seven months of 2006 , after a 0.5 % decline in 2005 , while combined investment from Japan , South Korea , and Taiwan plummeted 31 % in the first half of 2006 , compared to the 6.5 % decline in 2005 .
But that alliance is unraveling as Germany 's own status declines , owing to its mediocre economic performance and the loss of its prestigious Deutschemark .
Yet they see that , under Karzai , Saudi influence has declined in Afghanistan since 2001 , while that of the Iranians has strengthened .
China 's foreign-exchange reserves , indeed , are facing a triple whammy : a decline in the US dollar 's purchasing power , a fall in the prices of US government securities , and possible inflation in the longer run .
So it is very likely that when the global economy has returned to a sort of normality and safe-haven demand has declined , the prices of US government securities will fall and their yields will rise .
Even as California 's roads fall apart and public institutions decline -- the result of too little spending and public workers who are too expensive -- the state continues to operate the finest set of public universities in the US .
In 2009 , we may see the first decline in global trade since 1982 .
Already 100 million people have been driven into poverty as a result of high food and fuel prices , and current estimates suggest that every 1 % decline in developing-country growth rates pushes an additional 20 million people into poverty .
