Rumsfeld 's charge -- vehemently denied by Syria -- now tops a long list of unresolved issues in Syria 's relations with the US : Syria 's open-ended military intervention in Lebanon and continued support of Hezbollah there ; its supposed involvement in the 1982 suicide attack in Beirut that killed 241 US Marines ; its continued support of various `` outlawed '' Palestinian groups ; and its allegedly growing stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons .
In Mumbai , a large proportion of them are Muslims who were denied space in the formal economy and have developed strong vested interests over the past 50 years .
It will now be up to the UN General Assembly to provide final approval of the Protocol . If adopted , this instrument can make a real difference in the lives of those who are often left to languish at the margins of society , and are denied their economic , social , and cultural rights , such as access to adequate nutrition , health services , housing , and education .
The most obvious risk is that the elections are not concluded or that Yushchenko is denied executive power .
Opposition candidates and parties were denied registration for the slightest formal complaint .
The conflict in Northern Ireland was always territorial : not even the most radical Irish Republican group ever denied the legitimacy of Great Britain -- only its rule over the six northern provinces of what they consider United Ireland . The crux of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict , by contrast , only partly concerns Israel 's borders .
Although socialist economic policies in both countries inhibited initiative and enterprise , a positive legacy of that period can not be denied .
Nationalism degenerates into violent narcissism only when denied its fundamental rights .
The devastating effects of the new Palestinian strategy on Israel 's international standing can not be denied .
At the same time , occupation denied Israel 's army the advantage of a buffer -- the demilitarized zones that were the key to the 1967 victory against both Egypt and Syria .
But Shia leaders will lose their constituents ' support if they formally surrender any of the powers denied them for decades under Saddam .
His government has rejected international calls to halt uranium enrichment , ignored UN-imposed deadlines , armed Iraqi militias , supplied Hezbollah with weapons for attacks on Israel , denied the Holocaust , and staged military exercises near the Strait of Hormuz , through which 40 % of the world 's sea-traded oil passes .
Encompassing all big emerging economies , this appeared to be the most effective way to muster the legitimacy denied to the G-7 .
As a consequence of the views he expressed on Swedish television , he was denied re-entry into the Church , as was promised earlier by Pope Benedict , which is probably just as well .
But memory wo n't be denied .
The elected officials will be denied travel permits , workers from isolated Gaza barred from entering Israel , and every effort is being made to block funds to Palestinians .
After it bought the 67,500-ton , Soviet-era Varyag carrier -- still little more than a hull when the Soviet Union collapsed -- China repeatedly denied that it had any intention to refit it for naval deployment .
The Srebrenica trials also yielded a soul-testing record of a crime whose gravity Serb political leaders , former UN officials , and others once shamefully denied .
In Austria , the historian David Irving was arrested recently because he has denied that the Holocaust happened .
When I was a regulator , I would certainly have denied it .
Meanwhile , US colleges and universities are struggling to attract the best and brightest minds from abroad , because those students -- and their professors -- are increasingly being denied US visas or subjected to harrowing entry delays when they arrive .
He was denied meetings with senior government leaders , representatives of ethnic minorities and political opposition groups .
The first signal was sent when Ukraine and Georgia were denied the `` Membership Action Plan '' -LRB- MAP -RRB- that they sought .
But it is also true that the northern Turkish part of Cyprus is denied access to free trade and other benefits from EU-membership .
This has denied Ukraine the lighthouse that helped guide other post-communist states -- most recently Bulgaria and Romania -- towards Western-style democracy and rule of law .
Molotov , who remained in power throughout the war and until 1956 , denied the existence of the Secret Protocols until his death 30 years later .
The treaty calls for a new EU foreign minister -- although he is formally denied that title , this is what everyone will call him -- with a strong administrative infrastructure in the European Commission and the Council .
We thank the many people and organizations abroad who are helping us regain the rights denied to us for more than 40 years .
Marco himself was elected deputy on the Socialist ticket , but he defected when the party denied him the chance to contest Frei 's nomination in a primary .
Even worse , after the Socialist Party denied a young deputy , Marco Enríquez-Ominami , the possibility to compete in a primary against Frei , Enríquez launched a quite successful independent candidacy , which split the Concertación vote in the first round .
When a family 's income is insufficient to pay school fees for every child , girls are typically denied an education , owing to the traditional belief that marriage is a girl 's final destiny .
The `` reforms '' that have been conducted over the last 15 years have denied a large proportion of the work-fit population , primarily young people , of jobs and the right to a decent life .
Premier Lionel Jospin , who was humiliated by Le Pen in being denied a place in the final presidential run-off , had presided over a strong economy , with many new jobs created , more leisure due to the 35-hour week , and some liberal reforms such as privatization on a scale hitherto unseen in France .
Jospin and Chirac have done nothing to implement the large liberalization program -LRB- including energy , financial services and transport -RRB- agreed among EU members in Lisbon two years ago , which means that the benefits of liberalization are denied France at a time when the public perceives the EU as imposing all sorts of restrictions on the French way of doing business .
Japan should no longer be denied fair treatment because of events more than 60 years ago .
Only occasionally was the fighting `` officially '' reported . Access to the area was denied to independent media .
Given how central the values of human rights , democracy and the rule of law are in Europe , we feel it is our obligation to speak out against such injustices continuing unchecked . Less than twenty years ago there were political prisoners on the EU 's borders who were denied the basic rights of freedom of speech and expression , lived in constant fear of being denounced and dreamed about enjoying what Europeans in the ` West ' took for granted .
We call on all participants of the summer Olympic Games in Beijing to use this liberty to support those whose freedoms , even at the time of the Olympics , are denied by the Chinese government .
Many have been tortured , kept in horrific conditions , and denied medical care .
The country 's media remains censored , freedom of expression denied , and the most popular political party in the country , the National League for Democracy , which won elections in 1990 , has been forced to disband because it decided not to register for the November elections .
Even more than in Albania , opportunities to develop the habits of compromise that make democratic politics workable are denied to the people .
Liu became so angry about being accused of fraud and denied the car that he climbed atop a high advertising billboard and threatened to jump as a show of innocence .
A plane with the UN envoy for human rights was denied landing rights in Baidoa -LRB- seat of the Somali parliament -RRB- not long ago , and pilots sometimes refuse to fly foreigners to Mogadishu , because it is too dangerous .
When Islamist groups are denied access to electoral politics , their cause takes on a mythic aura .
BAGHDAD -- The Obama administration 's Iraq policy is in chaos . Seven months after Iraq 's national elections , the United States has publicly denied taking sides in the wrangling over who will be prime minister .
The vast majority of us live in Third World conditions -- denied access to adequate housing , health care , and education .
Though now better off than they have ever been in material terms , the Chinese people under the current regime are denied any real opportunity to retain and refine their own dignity beyond the quest for wealth and luxury goods .
I fear it is because the US found itself denied its primacy in setting global policy on Iran .
Despite global interest in education for all , many girls in poor countries continue to be denied basic education ; right from the start , they are disadvantaged .
And it certainly ca n't be denied that it is hard to get people in New York , Maine , or Utah to spend enthusiastically on levees in New Orleans -- at least until a horrific crisis occurs .
In Egypt , where such preparations are the most obvious , Gamal and other senior figures have stubbornly denied his presidential ambitions .
Defining the offensive racist views proscribed by the Constitution was the first challenge in the Ellwanger case , because the defense denied that anti-Semitism constitutes racism at all .
According to the common position 's provisions , before a member state grants an export license , it should consult with any member state that has previously denied a similar license .
Clearer rules for the consultation mechanism need to be elaborated , and arms-exporting EU member states should consult all other member governments that might have concerns , not only those that have previously issued or denied an export license .
This would literally furnish the game changer in those few key situations that decide a match , such as an unjustifiably denied goal , an erroneous red card , or an egregious offside call .
There are already many cases of people being denied jobs or promotions because of what is unearthed .
Yet the truth can not be denied .
While voters denied the UMP a landslide victory in the second round , its overall win meant that the governing party retained its legislative majority for the first time in 29 years .
Zimbabweans are denied their basic freedoms and subjected to violence .
Prisoners , it seems , are denied legal protection so that coercive interrogations can proceed without interference .
But children in institutions are denied education , despite evidence showing that every child can learn and develop .
They are denied rehabilitation and recreational activities .
Many people denied these facts ; many others looked them in the eye .
Israel 's government has denied that people are starving and has relaxed its import restriction regime .
The government denied this , claiming that the experiments were conducted without its knowledge by academic researchers `` for scientific interest . ''
Her lawyer , Nobel Peace Prize laureate Shirin Ebadi , has been denied access to her .
The right to information is denied to millions through censorship and media intimidation .
At least one billion very poor people , 20 % of humanity , are daily denied basic rights to adequate food and clean water .
In doing so , they have denied themselves economically desirable policies that have greater chance of garnering popular support .
His petition was first denied by the Guatemalan electoral authority and then by the Supreme Court .
The Greek authorities and the EU had until recently denied the need for financing , owing to concern that it would signal weakness and create a stigma .
As a result , self-censorship chills entire newsrooms , and many noncommercial or alternative media are denied access to the airwaves .
Independent observers from the European Union and elsewhere began to report serious irregularities in the Kibaki strongholds , where opposition party representatives were denied access to polling sites .
As individuals , we are unhappy if we are denied our basic material needs , but we are also unhappy if the pursuit of higher incomes replaces our focus on family , friends , community , compassion , and maintaining internal balance .
Mugabe 's phony elections , moreover , should go unrecognized , and Mugabe denied a welcome as a legitimate head of state in international gatherings .
They are not to be denied admission to or expelled from schools or training programs on the grounds of leprosy .
This feeling has deeply troubled its leaders and filled its people with a sense that , despite all their economic progress , their proper place in the world was not only eluding them , but being denied to them by the endless criticism of the so-called `` developed world . ''
Unfortunately , we have a recent precedent for this type of behavior : Kenya 's rulers , too , ignored and twisted the rule of law and the integrity of the electoral process , relying on violence to secure a political outcome that their fellow citizens denied them .
The company denied that there was any substance to these allegations .
Overall , it seems likely that these opinions reflect real changes , and thus are signs of moral progress toward a world in which people are not denied rights on the basis of race , ethnicity , or sex .
Of course , the British Foreign Office denied that these thoughts reflected the British government 's views .
Specifically , Keynes denied that saving is simply deferred spending .
Keynes denied that real wages are set in the labor market .
All this occurred against the background of emerging-market economies ' claims that their relatively low representation in the BWIs denied the IMF legitimacy .
Despite court rulings ordering reform , Roma are regularly denied equal access to housing , education , and healthcare , creating a vicious cycle of poverty and marginalization .
But they clearly express the changes that Europe has witnessed over the past half-century , changes for the good that all Czechs now want to secure for themselves , having been denied the fruits of European peace and prosperity for so long .
The Bush administration did n't see the problems coming , denied that they were problems when they came , then minimized their significance , and , finally , panicked .
A medical prize fund would not provide a panacea , but it would be a step in the right direction , redirecting our scarce research resources toward more efficient uses and ensuring that the benefits of that research reach the many people who are currently denied them .
The outcome of early November 's US mid-term elections has effectively denied the Obama administration the option of fiscal expansion .
She was unjustly denied a Miss World title in 1992 because of her answer to the final-round question , `` What is the first thing you would do if you became the ruler of your country ? ''
In his much-quoted newspaper piece , Putin denied that his new integration plans are aimed at restoring the Soviet Union under another name .
Every dollar invested in bolstering a country 's nuclear arsenal is a diversion of resources from its schools , hospitals , and other social services , and a theft from the millions around the globe who go hungry or are denied access to basic medicines .
Mugabe 's regime has systematically shut down independent media , attacked independent civil society organizations , denied visas to foreign journalists , and has arrested and beaten journalists who nevertheless enter the country .
Ukraine 's democrats , who won that election , were denied their voice and their place in government .
Back then , we lived under a system that denied ordinary people any right whatsoever to know about even essential facts and events .
