American law denies patients a property right in their tissue for reasons of economic policy .
He enjoys taunting the West with the past that he denies .
Can Pakistan demand , with a straight face , rights for another people that it constantly denies to its own ?
Not that Putin 's version of history denies this memory altogether . This summer , he publicly instructed his education minister to include passages from Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn 's The Gulag Archipelago in the high school curriculum .
Nobody denies that challenges remain in ensuring that RtoP is applied effectively and consistently .
Little will be genuinely free in a future crafted by these populists : `` liberalism '' behind barricades ; `` welfare '' that denies the most needy ; `` tolerance '' that allows some to be targets ; the un-liberating leader-cults of `` noisy little men , '' their nationalisms and their narrow-mindedness , their police priorities and procrustean plans for `` integrating '' minorities .
No one now denies that the past year 's sharp downswings in housing and equity prices , which followed long upswings -- far above historical benchmark levels -- helped to trigger and fuel the crisis .
No country can succeed if it denies itself the talents of half of its people .
Who , among those who should be serving as models for others , that is , who among the leaders of political parties , denies his own financial machinations with a smirk ?
Beck , who denies that he is anti-Semitic , is a conspiracy theorist of classic vintage , though the content of his alleged conspiracies is , to put it bluntly , weird .
No one denies that Africa has many problems .
The world needs a multi-faceted strategy that de-legitimizes attacks on civilians as a method of conflict ; discourages states from providing resources or safe harbor to those who use such methods ; hardens our targets at home ; denies terrorists easy access to weapons of mass destruction ; and reduces incentives to use terrorism .
Humala denies everything , and none of the allegations has harmed him .
But they resent it because it denies their superiority and exposes them and their children to other religions and secular cultures .
China , meanwhile , with foreign reserves worth half its total output , denies with a straight face that it is deliberately manipulating the value of the renminbi .
When a country 's president delivers crazy speeches , denies the Holocaust , and does not hide his ambition to control the Middle East , who can guarantee that the threat is not serious ?
The Obama administration repeatedly denies such claims , along with others that the treaty 's verification provisions remain insufficient .
In fact , only a few lines further down , the report denies that the question is even relevant . `` Whether there is a casual connection from opening up trade to faster growth is not the issue '' declares the report .
It may well be that such painful deviations from agreed principles will be reflected in an eventual comprehensive settlement , but prejudging these issues before the beginning of negotiations denies the Palestinians some of their most important bargaining chips .
The problem is an aggressive fundamentalism that denies modern science , and an aggressive anti-intellectualism that views experts and scientists as the enemy .
It is hypocritical to promote democracy and then sign a trade agreement that denies workers the basic democratic right to organize and join unions .
Many Chinese do not accept communist rule precisely because the Communist Party denies its past , -LRB- and remains -RRB- unapologetic about its cruelty .
Putin denies that Russia is using its energy resources to coerce European governments , arguing that the decrease in gas supplies to Western Europe during the cut-off of gas to Ukraine in January 2006 was the result of Ukrainian `` theft . ''
Like Greece , Ireland , and Portugal , membership in the euro denies Italy and Spain devaluation and inflation as policy tools .
Making Globalization Work I have written repeatedly about the problems of globalization : an unfair global trade regime that impedes development ; an unstable global financial system that results in recurrent crises , with poor countries repeatedly finding themselves burdened with unsustainable debt ; and a global intellectual property regime that denies access to affordable life-saving drugs , even as AIDS ravages the developing world .
But Viktor Yanukovich , the current Ukrainian president , denies the special suffering of the Ukrainian people -- a nod to Russia 's official historical narrative , which seeks to blur the particular evils of collectivization into a tragedy so vague that it has no clear perpetrators or victims .
