The toppled Tunisian and Egyptian regimes spent decades providing handouts while denying citizens economic freedom .
By denying the problem , the authorities have aggravated the lack of confidence .
There is no denying that advanced democracies largely failed to preempt the financial and sovereign-debt crises , while most emerging economies pursued better economic policies .
On September 1 , dozens of opposition lawmakers created a primetime spectacle inside Mexico 's parliament by occupying the speaker 's podium , thereby denying outgoing President Vicente Fox the chance to deliver his final state of the nation address in person .
It remains uncommitted to the idea of denying sanctuaries on its territory to Taliban fighters battling American and NATO troops in Afghanistan .
But more and more Japanese women are fighting back against unwelcome male attention , not by denying tradition or culture , but by going to a lawyer and suing .
With equal fervor , Iran 's president , Mahmoud Ahmedinejad , defends his country 's right to develop its nuclear capacity -LRB- though denying that his country seeks nuclear weapons -RRB- and challenges decades of Holocaust research .
But there can be no denying that these three leading Asian powers and the US have different playbooks : America wants a uni-polar world but a multi-polar Asia ; China seeks a multi-polar world but a uni-polar Asia ; and Japan and India desire a multi-polar Asia and a multi-polar world .
For Summers , the problem is that there is so much that is `` distracting , confusing , and problem-denying in ... the first year course in most PhD programs . '' As a result , even though `` economics knows a fair amount , '' it `` has forgotten a fair amount that is relevant , and it has been distracted by an enormous amount . ''
President George W. Bush sided with his vice president , Dick Cheney , in denying that a global-warming problem even exists -LRB- his treasury secretary , Paul O'Neill , and his administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency , Christine Whitman , disagreed -RRB- .
If you want to open `` new chapters '' in relations between old adversaries , you can not simply close `` old chapters '' by denying or suppressing history .
CAMBRIDGE -- The Greek government , the European Commission , and the International Monetary Fund are all denying what markets perceive clearly : Greece will eventually default on its debts to its private and public creditors .
The most recent Nobel laureate in literature , Orhan Pamuk , was prosecuted in Istanbul for denying Turkey 's official history by saying that the Armenian genocide actually occurred .
On one hand , he is wise not to have visited the Yasukuni shrine , which honors millions of Japan 's war dead , including 14 Class A war criminals . On the other hand , Abe 's public statements denying Japan 's coercion of `` comfort women '' in China and Korea have been clumsy at best , insensitive at worst .
But if the alternative view is right , America 's Treasury irresponsibly fueled bearish market expectations by bad-mouthing serious reform efforts and by denying the financial assistance that could have prevented them from becoming self-fulfilling .
If so , and if denying food aid would result in a famine that the North Korean regime could not withstand , what could such a decision mean for eventual relations among Korean peoples living in the northern and southern parts of a unified country ?
To be sure , denying Milosevic the means to engage in `` ethnic cleansing '' was added as a rationale in the days after the campaign began , but the real purpose was to convince him that he had to allow NATO forces into Kosovo .
That same month , a lottery scandal threw the BMW brand into the limelight once again . Lottery officials in Shaanxi province rejected a winning ticket , calling it a fake and denying its bearer , a 17-year-old security guard named Liu Liang , the grand prize of a $ 58,000 BMW and 120,000 yuan -LRB- $ 14,510 -RRB- in cash .
Moreover , an increase in the demand for broadband connection has triggered the launch of an $ 800 million `` Jin Dun -LRB- Golden Shield -RRB- Project , '' an automatic digital system of public policing that will help prolong Communist rule by denying China 's people the right to information .
They are ecological radicals , denying the scientific consensus on global warming ; they are prepared to let the Earth cook .
Only after five days did Ahmadinejad issue a statement denying the accusations -- and not as strongly as did Khamenei .
On the contrary , Israeli officials , denying the Palestinians ' assertion that a secret US-Israel agreement exists , clearly intend to continue building Jewish homes in occupied East Jerusalem .
For Israel , an occupying power whose people enjoy democratic civilian authority and a GDP tens times that of the people it is denying basic rights of freedom and independence , photo opportunities provided by meeting and greeting Palestinian leaders has replaced achieving peace .
Once the institutions of the Palestinian state are in place , the will of the people , coupled with world support , will nonviolently overcome all efforts at denying Palestinians their right to self-determination .
At that point , the international community would be obliged to begin acting against any party that was denying Palestine the right to behave as a fully functional and sovereign state .
A family 's principal `` cultural capital '' is its honor , which is ensured by denying women any opportunity to highlight male failings and therefore tarnish clan respectability .
We can not continue to commit ourselves to delivering a more competitive Europe while denying ourselves the means to achieve it .
If the West is perceived to be attempting to maintain the leadership it snatched 200 years ago by industrializing first , thereby denying the post-Confucians the fruits of their dynamism permanently , the Chinese , in particular , will conclude that pluralism is eyewash and that the West 's worldview in fact replicates their traditional one .
But statements by Iranian leaders denying the Holocaust and urging the destruction of Israel have not only cost Iran support in Europe , but are unlikely to make Israel willing to gamble its existence on the prospect of stable deterrence .
But soft power will play a crucial role in attracting moderates and denying the extremists new recruits .
Poland has announced that it will grant Belarusians visas at no cost , while denying visas to a long list of regime officials that it says were involved in the recent electoral fraud .
There is no denying that strong bilateral ties are good for Greece 's economy and security .
While not denying that state sovereignty was the basis of the international system , Kouchner insisted that it could not be a license for governments to kill .
Although the IMF has changed a lot in recent years , there is no denying that there are still major holes in the international system -- not least the lack of a fair and orderly procedure for dealing with highly indebted countries that become insolvent .
Even when the US or Israel have tabled peace offers , such as at Camp David in 2000 , they have included convoluted ways to sustain the West Bank settlements and large settler populations , while denying an economically viable and contiguous Palestinian state .
So leprosy should not be grounds for denying anyone the right to marry , or for divorce ; nor should it constitute grounds for separating a child from his or her parents .
Our NATO allies launched proportionate military operations aimed at denying Col. Muammar Qaddafi 's regime the means to attack civilian targets .
The seventeenth-century French philosopher René Descartes solved it by the drastic expedient of denying that animals can suffer .
After all , you do n't hear Canada 's foreign minister denying tension on his country 's American frontier , because the truth of that proposition is self-evident .
India 's refusal to sign the NPT was based on principle , for the NPT is the last vestige of apartheid in the international system , granting as it does to five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council the right to be nuclear weapons states while denying the same right to others .
But there is no denying that her rise to power in India 's largest state , which sends 80 members to parliament , has given her a vital platform to bid for India 's most powerful job .
When Americans were being prepared for the invasion of Afghanistan , the Taliban were demonized for denying cosmetics and hair color to women ; when the Taliban were overthrown , Western writers often noted that women had taken off their scarves .
There 's a deeper problem : politicians across the spectrum , beholden to special interests , are habituated to denying serious problems .
