No one can deny that structural reforms are currently underway in all eurozone countries that have been struck by the crisis .
The toppled Tunisian and Egyptian regimes spent decades providing handouts while denying citizens economic freedom .
This is critical , as Pinochet has sought to deny his competency .
Putin continues to deny that Russia 's financial problems were caused by his war in Georgia , and it took the Central Bank more than a month to provide substantial liquidity injections .
By denying the problem , the authorities have aggravated the lack of confidence .
There is no denying that advanced democracies largely failed to preempt the financial and sovereign-debt crises , while most emerging economies pursued better economic policies .
We need to be clear that Moscow has a right to security , but that it does not have the right to interfere in the affairs of its neighbors , to topple their governments , or to deny them their own foreign-policy aspirations .
Some continued to deny what was happening , and became indignant if the issue was raised . Others reasoned that if they kept their head down and compromised , the crisis would pass .
Turkey is genuinely interested in a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian dispute and in a regional system of peace and security , whereas Iran and Hezbollah are bent on derailing both in order to deny Israel the kind of peace with the Arab world that would end up isolating Iran .
To criticize Israel 's strategy as flawed is not to condone the acts of Hamas or Hezbollah or to deny Israel 's right to self-defense .
But the conservative attitudes underlying opposition to change are anything but `` social , '' for they would deny the poorest of Europe 's poor a chance to improve their lot .
On September 1 , dozens of opposition lawmakers created a primetime spectacle inside Mexico 's parliament by occupying the speaker 's podium , thereby denying outgoing President Vicente Fox the chance to deliver his final state of the nation address in person .
It remains uncommitted to the idea of denying sanctuaries on its territory to Taliban fighters battling American and NATO troops in Afghanistan .
A liberal-democratic China may not come soon , but after Charter 08 no one can deny that many Chinese desperately want it .
And no one can deny the religious authority of Pope John Paul II as a spur to Poland 's rebellion against Communist dictatorship in the 1980 's .
But more and more Japanese women are fighting back against unwelcome male attention , not by denying tradition or culture , but by going to a lawyer and suing .
Feeling uncomfortable with this rationale , other opponents deny the religious nature of the dispute and make clear that theirs is not a quarrel with Islam .
With equal fervor , Iran 's president , Mahmoud Ahmedinejad , defends his country 's right to develop its nuclear capacity -LRB- though denying that his country seeks nuclear weapons -RRB- and challenges decades of Holocaust research .
In this context , to deny the Holocaust is to reject its modern association with evil , and implies that what happened during the Holocaust could be accommodated under a different moral order .
Castro can deny their simple truths like a Cuban King Lear , but Rivero and others persist .
NEW DELHI -- The seizure by police of large sums of Chinese currency from the Indian monastery of the Karmapa Lama -- one of the most-important figures in Tibetan Buddhism -- has revived old suspicions about his continuing links with China and forced him to deny that he is an `` agent of Beijing . ''
But there can be no denying that these three leading Asian powers and the US have different playbooks : America wants a uni-polar world but a multi-polar Asia ; China seeks a multi-polar world but a uni-polar Asia ; and Japan and India desire a multi-polar Asia and a multi-polar world .
Ionesco was no moralist , but even he would not deny one moral to be drawn from this story : when societies avoid taking necessary measures , things only get worse .
· Donors should deny Ethiopian ministers a seat at diplomatic tables , such as the coveted spot Zenawi got at the G-20 summit in London as head of the New Partnership for Africa 's Development ;
But while it is hard to deny that such measures are necessary , it is no less necessary to remember the other half of the phrase : `` security and freedom . ''
For Summers , the problem is that there is so much that is `` distracting , confusing , and problem-denying in ... the first year course in most PhD programs . '' As a result , even though `` economics knows a fair amount , '' it `` has forgotten a fair amount that is relevant , and it has been distracted by an enormous amount . ''
President George W. Bush sided with his vice president , Dick Cheney , in denying that a global-warming problem even exists -LRB- his treasury secretary , Paul O'Neill , and his administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency , Christine Whitman , disagreed -RRB- .
Those who oppose genetic patents claim that they also deny US constitutional rights , making this the first time a genetic patent has been challenged on human rights grounds .
How can a commercial firm not only deny me the right to know my own genetic profile unless I pay their fee for the diagnostic test , which might be fair enough , but also to prevent any other firm from offering me a similar test unless those firms pay it a license fee ?
Though not one to deny the existence of such base motives , I would insist that the crisis has its roots in key policy decisions stretching back over decades .
To deny this is both unreasonable and illogical .
This encourages stakeholders to deny , rather than acknowledge , problems .
If you want to open `` new chapters '' in relations between old adversaries , you can not simply close `` old chapters '' by denying or suppressing history .
We know that terrorist groups have the capacity to engineer nuclear devices and would explode them anywhere they could ; we simply can not be confident that we can forever deny them access to the fissile material they need to fuel them .
CAMBRIDGE -- The Greek government , the European Commission , and the International Monetary Fund are all denying what markets perceive clearly : Greece will eventually default on its debts to its private and public creditors .
These basic data have been known for a long time , and only a few deny that rapidly accelerating man-made climate change is occurring .
It seems to be part of human nature willfully to deny the possibility of great crises , or at least to downplay them .
It does not deny distinctive identities and gives each the right to express itself within the private sphere .
The most recent Nobel laureate in literature , Orhan Pamuk , was prosecuted in Istanbul for denying Turkey 's official history by saying that the Armenian genocide actually occurred .
Hundreds of European scholars are circulating a petition calling for a boycott of Israeli institutions ; other academics want the EU to deny grants to Israeli universities and scientific institutions .
If they think that blacks make better athletes or that women make better caretakers , they deny that this is bias .
The later Evangelist John concludes that because Jews deny the Christian Messiah they must be `` sons of the devil . ''
If , as Huntington implies , the rights that we claim in the West emerged uniquely from the political crisis of European Christianity after the Protestant Reformation , what is to stop other societies from appealing to their own local traditions to deny these rights ?
Indeed , the evolution of Russian society could transform Russian politics , despite those domestic opponents who deny change or those who unqualifiedly classify Russia as `` incorrigibly authoritarian . ''
On one hand , he is wise not to have visited the Yasukuni shrine , which honors millions of Japan 's war dead , including 14 Class A war criminals . On the other hand , Abe 's public statements denying Japan 's coercion of `` comfort women '' in China and Korea have been clumsy at best , insensitive at worst .
This requires improved security , inflows of aid and investment , and the curtailment of land expropriations that deny the promise of statehood .
Many people consider it outrageous , even blasphemous , to deny the divine origin of morality .
But if the alternative view is right , America 's Treasury irresponsibly fueled bearish market expectations by bad-mouthing serious reform efforts and by denying the financial assistance that could have prevented them from becoming self-fulfilling .
If so , and if denying food aid would result in a famine that the North Korean regime could not withstand , what could such a decision mean for eventual relations among Korean peoples living in the northern and southern parts of a unified country ?
To be sure , denying Milosevic the means to engage in `` ethnic cleansing '' was added as a rationale in the days after the campaign began , but the real purpose was to convince him that he had to allow NATO forces into Kosovo .
Meanwhile , NATO planners desperately sought to identify targets that would either deny him the means of ethnic cleansing , or , more often , encourage him to reconsider his position .
First , they tried to deny the existence of any scientific evidence for global warming .
That same month , a lottery scandal threw the BMW brand into the limelight once again . Lottery officials in Shaanxi province rejected a winning ticket , calling it a fake and denying its bearer , a 17-year-old security guard named Liu Liang , the grand prize of a $ 58,000 BMW and 120,000 yuan -LRB- $ 14,510 -RRB- in cash .
American strategy would be wise to deny Osama bin Laden that satisfaction .
And who would deny that monetary policy has to do with money ?
In the wake of the euro 's performance during this year 's global financial crisis , even its strongest critics can not deny that the euro is an astounding success .
Moreover , an increase in the demand for broadband connection has triggered the launch of an $ 800 million `` Jin Dun -LRB- Golden Shield -RRB- Project , '' an automatic digital system of public policing that will help prolong Communist rule by denying China 's people the right to information .
They are ecological radicals , denying the scientific consensus on global warming ; they are prepared to let the Earth cook .
And , on the basis of far-fetched `` originalist '' interpretations of the US Constitution , they would deny the federal government the power to engage in almost any form of economic regulation or support of the general welfare , including public health .
Moreover , in order to deny terrorists institutional support , we must bring institutional strength to Afghanistan . We must enable Afghans to look after themselves and defend their country , to have a future in Afghanistan , to have hope of raising their children in Afghanistan .
Only after five days did Ahmadinejad issue a statement denying the accusations -- and not as strongly as did Khamenei .
It is anathema to the concept of a free society to segregate people solely on the basis of mental disability , to ignore their most-basic human rights , to bar them from access to education and employment , to deny them the freedom to choose where and how they live and with whom they can associate .
The ECB 's inflationary bias will most likely be dropped , as the effect of the financial crisis and the US slowdown sends Europe 's economy into a spin that even the ever-optimistic ECB will be unable to deny .
Until then , decoupling arguments , whether applied to relations between Europe and America or Europe 's financial sector and the rest of the economy , should be seen as having a single purpose -- to deny the very real threats to the continued expansion of the European economy .
But the Israeli government and army refuse , calling Hamas `` terrorists '' in order to deny them legitimacy , despite previously reaching understandings in southern Lebanon with Hezbollah , which they also consider a `` terrorist organization . ''
On the contrary , Israeli officials , denying the Palestinians ' assertion that a secret US-Israel agreement exists , clearly intend to continue building Jewish homes in occupied East Jerusalem .
For Israel , an occupying power whose people enjoy democratic civilian authority and a GDP tens times that of the people it is denying basic rights of freedom and independence , photo opportunities provided by meeting and greeting Palestinian leaders has replaced achieving peace .
Once the institutions of the Palestinian state are in place , the will of the people , coupled with world support , will nonviolently overcome all efforts at denying Palestinians their right to self-determination .
At that point , the international community would be obliged to begin acting against any party that was denying Palestine the right to behave as a fully functional and sovereign state .
To deny a country the freedom to choose its alliances on the basis of geography and history creates a security vacuum .
Why do humans all claim to love trees , but their actions deny their claim ?
A family 's principal `` cultural capital '' is its honor , which is ensured by denying women any opportunity to highlight male failings and therefore tarnish clan respectability .
To make matters worse , the Social Democratic Party -LRB- SDP -RRB- has threatened to leave the government coalition if Hatoyama breaks his promise -- a move that would deny the DPJ a simple majority in the Diet 's upper house .
Too much self-censoring of what we do online would deny us the benefits of the Internet .
It is customary to link Africa 's failures to slavery and colonization , and no one can deny such claims .
We can not continue to commit ourselves to delivering a more competitive Europe while denying ourselves the means to achieve it .
An overwhelming sense of inferiority , and our efforts to deny it , inspired the most scandalous aspects of Ukrainian political life .
In many cases , they wo n't deny that a relationship exists between the exposure and the disease , but are quick to proclaim that `` the evidence is inconclusive . ''
This regulatory regime will deny to less-developed countries precisely the kind of technology that they need .
If the West is perceived to be attempting to maintain the leadership it snatched 200 years ago by industrializing first , thereby denying the post-Confucians the fruits of their dynamism permanently , the Chinese , in particular , will conclude that pluralism is eyewash and that the West 's worldview in fact replicates their traditional one .
Instead , President Bush asserts the power to hold them indefinitely at Guantanamo or , in his unreviewable discretion , to bring them to trial before military commissions that deny them the due process protections to which they would be entitled if any of the three legal systems were followed .
But statements by Iranian leaders denying the Holocaust and urging the destruction of Israel have not only cost Iran support in Europe , but are unlikely to make Israel willing to gamble its existence on the prospect of stable deterrence .
But soft power will play a crucial role in attracting moderates and denying the extremists new recruits .
The Alliance for Democracy , the dominant Yoruba party , is not fielding a candidate because it does not want to divide the Yoruba vote and deny victory to Obasanjo , their kinsman .
Poland has announced that it will grant Belarusians visas at no cost , while denying visas to a long list of regime officials that it says were involved in the recent electoral fraud .
Engaging in discussions with Iran does not necessarily mean that we believe or deny those declarations .
Why does it want to deny governments ' access to much-needed funds for social development ?
There is no denying that strong bilateral ties are good for Greece 's economy and security .
At the same time , to deny Turkey a European future on religious grounds is to deny our Union 's diversity .
President Barack Obama and his advisers do not deny the scientific evidence of what is happening to us all .
Leave aside the fact that you can make an even stronger case against Godlessness -- remember the atrocities of atheist totalitarians in the twentieth century -- and consider the assault on those whose commitment to literal interpretations of religious texts means that they deny science and reason .
But , while government officials do not deny that sanctions worry them , they point to Iran 's high foreign-currency reserves and the Iranians ' creativity in coping with the effects .
Indeed , many business leaders deny that there is any conflict between self-interest and the interests of all .
MacAskill acknowledged that Megrahi himself showed no compassion , but rightly points out that this alone is not a reason to deny him compassion in his final days .
He preferred humor to hectoring , gently making fun of those whom he criticized , while always making sure that even the most severe intellectual critique did not deny the humanity of his opponents .
In civil wars , each side tends to deny the legitimacy , if not the humanity , of the other .
While not denying that state sovereignty was the basis of the international system , Kouchner insisted that it could not be a license for governments to kill .
And yet few would deny that China 's is a repressive regime that deals with its opponents harshly .
Given China 's economic success , it is hard to deny the contribution made by the government 's industrialization policies .
This is not to deny that the supply of fresh water is getting tight . Left unattended , major disruptions for human society could occur .
Although the IMF has changed a lot in recent years , there is no denying that there are still major holes in the international system -- not least the lack of a fair and orderly procedure for dealing with highly indebted countries that become insolvent .
Lula told his Iranian counterpart that to deny the Holocaust was bad , even for Iran itself .
Ahmadinejad replied that he did not deny it , but only criticized what he considered Israel 's `` political use '' of it .
It is no longer possible to deny that public and\/or private debts in Greece , Ireland , and Portugal will need to be restructured .
A bit of opportunism is also at work , for they undoubtedly also oppose EU regulation of taxation and social norms , adoption of which would deny them their comparative advantage for Western investors .
Even when the US or Israel have tabled peace offers , such as at Camp David in 2000 , they have included convoluted ways to sustain the West Bank settlements and large settler populations , while denying an economically viable and contiguous Palestinian state .
IMF officials deny responsibility for the upheaval , but have failed to provide an honest public appraisal of Bolivia 's urgent financial needs .
So leprosy should not be grounds for denying anyone the right to marry , or for divorce ; nor should it constitute grounds for separating a child from his or her parents .
Indeed , many Taiwanese think that , if being Chinese means accepting all that goes under the name of Mao Zedong and the Chinese Communist Party , they will gladly deny their `` Chineseness '' than assume some of that shame .
Our NATO allies launched proportionate military operations aimed at denying Col. Muammar Qaddafi 's regime the means to attack civilian targets .
If we were to meet intelligent , sympathetic extraterrestrials , would we deny them basic rights because they are not members of our own species ?
The seventeenth-century French philosopher René Descartes solved it by the drastic expedient of denying that animals can suffer .
If we regard human rights as something possessed by all human beings , no matter how limited their intellectual or emotional capacities may be , how can we deny similar rights to great apes , who clearly surpass some human beings in their rationality , self-awareness , and emotional bonds with others ?
The host country can not deny this right even if an immigrant has no health insurance and no resources to live on .
Predictably , both parties deny that any serious negotiations took place , while the United States and Britain claimed to know nothing about this `` Saudi initiative . ''
Some economists -- admittedly a diminishing number -- deny that there can ever be an output gap .
It is hard to deny some moral value to the market .
This is not to deny that some governments have been living beyond their means , and that shorting their debt is how financial markets hold them accountable .
To deny or minimize the Holocaust is a crime in 15 European countries and Israel .
France has made it illegal to deny any `` internationally recognized crimes against humanity . ''
Aside from security and intelligence efforts , we must also work to deny `` oxygen '' to the terrorists .
It is now recognized that this can lead to what economists call `` multiple equilibria , '' but we continue to deny the clear implication that financial markets can not be left to their own devices .
Those who realize this are thus tempted to deny any meaning to human conduct ; everything , it seems , is futile in the end , because in dying we leave society and society leaves us .
In the euro area , instead of continuing to deny that monetary union limits national fiscal sovereignty , they must come to terms with economic reality and follow stricter budgetary rules .
This is not to deny that some of the 1 % have contributed a great deal .
Such fads have not succeeded in significantly reducing poverty . This is not to deny some positive consequences .
After all , you do n't hear Canada 's foreign minister denying tension on his country 's American frontier , because the truth of that proposition is self-evident .
But none of us can deny the attraction of the flags under which those athletes compete , the anthem that is played for the winners , and , ultimately , that impossible-to-ignore , regularly-updated medal tally , listing the gold , silver , and bronze medals awarded to each country , the Games ' real honor roll .
India 's refusal to sign the NPT was based on principle , for the NPT is the last vestige of apartheid in the international system , granting as it does to five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council the right to be nuclear weapons states while denying the same right to others .
But there is no denying that her rise to power in India 's largest state , which sends 80 members to parliament , has given her a vital platform to bid for India 's most powerful job .
It is found when governments deny that in making or interpreting laws they are bound by the spirit of law .
Government officials who deny human solidarity in this way deny their own humanity .
Unlike those with physical illnesses , mentally ill individuals often are unaware -- even vehemently deny -- that they have a problem , thus forgoing treatment and losing desperately needed disability benefits .
Yet we should not deny that technology has had an important effect almost everywhere .
Yet nobody can deny that the ways of diplomacy in 2010 are vastly different from -- and arguably superior to -- those in 1910 , with better results all around .
At the same time , if the US sets the bar too high at the outset , it will deny itself an effective role in helping to move Burma away from authoritarian rule and into the world community .
When Americans were being prepared for the invasion of Afghanistan , the Taliban were demonized for denying cosmetics and hair color to women ; when the Taliban were overthrown , Western writers often noted that women had taken off their scarves .
Perhaps if the Saudi royal family could grasp that simple fact , it would no longer need to deny the true sources of the Kingdom 's insecurity .
There 's a deeper problem : politicians across the spectrum , beholden to special interests , are habituated to denying serious problems .
