Much of the current trouble can be traced to Afghanistan , whose tragedy could never have remained confined within its designated borders .
All of this is designed to reinforce one point : the Gaza withdrawal belongs to Hamas .
Driven by real needs on the ground , projects are designed and implemented by recipients , and its procedures and operations are transparent .
The minister for education would do her country a profound service if she were to re-allocate resources to courses designed to train export promoters .
This process is supposedly designed to `` guarantee '' that the best are appointed .
The US Constitution , though reshaped , amended , and adapted to fit changing times , reflects its origins as a document written and designed to protect private property against the predations of the State .
Combine this with the generous retirement rules that were designed in the 1970 's , when the post-war baby-boomers were just about to join the labor market and the welfare state seemed to be free of budget constraints , and you create an entitlement that no one wants to tinker with .
For Italy , the obvious solution is to strengthen the country 's investigative and financial institutions , and improve the design of regulatory agencies , particularly the quality of their personnel .
It is surprising that while the Italian government is busy redesigning the regulatory and supervisory structure of the country 's financial institutions and financial markets , nothing is being said about independent directors and accounting firms .
The question of procedures concerns constitutional design .
But the Soviet past , not ethnic motifs , are the biggest element in contemporary Muscovite restaurant design .
A new club called `` Zone '' -- Russian slang for a concentration camp -- is designed to reproduce the feeling of gulag life .
The attic of the presidential residence was designed as a belly of the seventeenth-century ship .
We need to recognize that global governance is not a technocratic puzzle to be solved by clever institutional design .
Throughout the developing world , most health-care systems are designed to cope with episodes of infectious disease .
But as the current financial crisis demonstrates , where financial innovation is designed to circumvent regulation or taxation , we need to be more circumspect .
Leveraging a mixture of administrative guidance and monetary incentives , the city government plans to reduce the share of garments in the output of textiles products by 25 % in three years and to increase the industrial applications of chemical fibers , which promise much higher returns than apparel production . Already , according to local officials , the city 's factories have acquired the ability to mass-produce super-thin fibers first designed in Japan .
Further , as low-end , low-cost labor jobs morph towards higher-end , higher-cost jobs , China will move not only into more valuable manufactured goods , but also into the service industries , such as design .
When China 's labor-intensive industries emerge from their metamorphosis , we should expect to see firms that are larger , that invest more in product innovation and design , and that hold more sway over business and trade policies .
Their progress , therefore , depends on real improvement in the quality of an education system that was designed for the Brazil of the past .
Unfortunately , a study published in the Journal of Democracy showed that out of the 100 countries that were designated `` in transition '' between 1970 and 2000 , only 20 became fully democratic -LRB- for example , Chile , Argentina , Poland , and Taiwan -RRB- .
Meanwhile , Yushchenko was forced to accept a poorly designed political reform full of traps .
· Create a partnership between political parties join and the federal government to design a national security policy , consolidate law-enforcement institutions , and impose authority throughout the national territory against all illegal armed groups ;
ITER is not designed to produce electricity , but to study the stability of the flame in the magnet .
But nothing can be both leak-proof and porous , and ITER is not designed to study this contradiction .
Infosys is redesigning every aspect of how it provides lighting , cooling , water , and transportation to their more than 100,000 employees , and aiming to reduce costs ten-fold in the process .
The authors emphasised that causality could not be established from a retrospective study of this design due to the numerous potential biases that may confound the association . For example , it is known that viral respiratory tract infections in infancy such as respiratory syncytial virus -LRB- RSV -RRB- are associated with an increased risk of asthma in later childhood and that paracetamol use for such episodes could have caused confounding in the study .
Investors and public officials in countries where controlled companies dominate should stop using global governance standards based on the designers ' experience with widely held firms in the US .
How could pay arrangements be redesigned to address these problems ?
In addition , bonus compensation should be redesigned .
To avoid rewards for short-term performance and focus on long-term results , pay structures need to be re-designed .
Similarly , bonus compensation should be redesigned to reward long-term performance .
Such patterns may raise concerns among shareholders that pay structures are not well designed to serve their interests .
But pay in financial firms also raises a second important source of concern : even if compensation structures are designed in the interests of shareholders , they may produce incentives for excessive risk-taking that are socially undesirable .
When boundaries were negotiated for Three Parallel Rivers Park -- designated a UNESCO World Heritage site in 2003 -- local authorities won a fight to exclude Tiger Leaping Gorge , knowing that a dam there would triple tax revenues .
Tony Blair 's endorsement of Bush 's Middle East designs showed that an imbalance of power in an alliance always causes the weaker partner to become subservient .
In Egypt , Mubarak turned his back on the lofty rhetoric of Gamal Abdel-Nasser 's revolution and its grand strategic designs .
Obama 's Middle East JERUSALEM -- President-elect Barack Obama 's plans for the Middle East , the region where his predecessor 's policies shattered America 's standing around the world as a benign superpower , represent a welcome departure from President Bush 's grand design to redress the region 's ills through `` constructive chaos . ''
The US retreated from its democratic designs once it realized that Arab democracy is not being identified with the liberal secular opposition , a political force that practically does not exist in the Arab world , but with Islamic radicals that are seek to repudiate America 's policies and the cause of reconciliation with Israel .
Whatever route is taken , the great question today concerns the enigma that is Bibi Netanyahu , a would-be Churchill who believes that his mission is to thwart the designs of Iran 's evil new Shia empire , something which requires the goodwill of the international community , particularly of the Obama administration .
Indeed , Saudi Arabia views political empowerment of Iraq 's Shia majority as a calamity of historic proportions , a view vindicated by Iraq 's outspoken support of Iranian designs in the Gulf .
As Gates put it in his West Point address , the US Army would no longer be `` a Victorian nation-building constabulary designed to chase guerrillas , build schools , or sip tea . ''
Until recently , the region was divided into two camps : an incoherent and weakened moderate Arab alignment , and an `` Axis of Resistance , '' formed by Iran , Syria , Hamas , and Hezbollah , against American and Israeli designs for the region .
Moreover , with the West focused on the formidable challenges posed by the Arab revolts , Iran finds it easier to divert the world 's attention from its nuclear program , and to circumvent the international sanctions regime designed to curtail its efforts to acquire nuclear weapons .
In the early 1970 's , when it was still an overwhelmingly agrarian country and Islamization was just gaining momentum , Malaysia embarked on its so-called `` New Economic Policy '' -LRB- NEP -RRB- , designed to help the majority Malays gain a bigger share of the country 's wealth .
Many questions have yet to be answered about the design ; implementation will be at least as challenging .
Google 's design was based on statistical algorithms .
But the realities of politics in today 's Europe do not allow for the sort of document the signatories really wanted to draft , so the constitution that they did write is designed to establish a process of evolutionary change that will motivate further improvements along the way - improvement that will , it is hoped , one day obliterate the very arrangements today 's EU Constitution is setting up .
It will require years of hard work to reconcile America 's resources and requirements , and to ensure that its initiatives can once again be seen as designed not to serve narrow US ideologies , but to advance a fair international order .
While the visa-fee legislation is what lawyers call `` facially '' non-discriminatory , its design confers an advantage on US firms vis-à-vis foreign firms .
Cheap Asian televisions gave Western households the wherewithal to purchase PC 's powered by Intel microprocessors and Microsoft software , which are designed by engineering graduates who would otherwise have worked for TV manufacturers .
MEDFORD , MASSACHUSETTS -- Imagine that the arguments triggered by the Hindenberg disaster were about the fire extinguishers and parachutes that airships should carry , rather than about the design flaws that might cause them to ignite .
Little of this , however , is the result of design , for -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- we in Poland have not thought through what sort of foreign policy we need as a member of NATO and putative member of the European Union .
In Ontario during the blackout , reactors designed to unlink from the grid automatically and remain in standby mode instead went into full shutdown , with only two of twelve reactors behaving as expected .
With that support , developing countries in turn will need to design and implement `` Low-Carbon Growth Plans '' that significantly slow and eventually peak their emissions growth .
The main item on the agenda now is to design better social insurance , in order to minimize the pain from reallocation , be it from deregulation , technological progress , or globalization .
Finally , they can help `` Brussels '' define and design product-market reforms , and then sell those reforms , and the EU 's role in enacting them , to their voters .
And the means , however `` boring . '' must be appropriate to realizing this commitment : a combination of sustainable retirement systems , better designed unemployment benefit systems , negative income taxes , training programs , and the like . Only by employing the rhetoric of commitment to mobilize the troops while devoting careful attention to the center 's concern with methods can the left hope to return to power .
Europe is losing out in the worldwide race for talent , and the global recession is providing an opportunity to redesign the geography of human capital endowments .
The potential significance of these elections must be understood in the context not only of the recession and financial crisis , and the government interventions designed to deal with them , but also in the broader sweep of the historical evolution of these countries ' welfare states .
America 's massive $ 787 billion fiscal stimulus , ostensibly designed to combat recession and create jobs -LRB- but so far ineffective -RRB- contained immense sums for subsidies to particular industries and technologies , almost $ 40 billion for clean-energy programs alone .
It would also designate Iran 's Revolutionary Guard as a terrorist group and impose further limits on exports to the country 's civil aviation industry .
To avoid contagion from Argentina 's financial crisis , the IMF agreed a $ 30 billion package with Brazil in August designed to stabilize markets and avoid the need for the Central Bank to exhaust Brazil 's reserves defending the currency .
Western peoples have not always lived up to their universalist ideals , but they have in modern times built institutions designed to implement them , in Europe and beyond .
Legally , this should probably be the point where words are designed to result in violence .
Still , Islamist rhetoric , adopted by Ahmedinejad among others , is deliberately designed to stir up memories of the Shoah .
Exciting new buildings , designed by the world 's most famous architects , will make Beijing and Shanghai look like models of twenty-first century modernity .
The current machines of this genre are direct descendants of the Boeing 707 , and , after many decades of evolutionary improvement , this design approach simply lacks the scope to address the many problems that must be solved .
Such improvements in these parameters would provide design margins to address most of the current problems , with the exception of emissions .
The issue of water emissions can be addressed by designs that enable long-haul aircraft to cruise below 9,000 meters .
Such designs could be enabled by using circulation control for high lift and employed at cruising altitude for ride quality . The resulting STOL -LRB- short takeoff and landing -RRB- performance could also improve airport productivity .
Reductions of other greenhouse gases , such as nitric oxide , are attainable through clever combustor design .
And they can invest in their own capacity for project selection and design .
The crisis has shattered the belief that well designed microprudential rules alone are sufficient .
The truth is that Colombia lacks both the will and the ability to stem criminal activities and that the only effective cure for Colombia 's illness is a root-and-branch redesign of its civil institutions .
The wall is designed to surround a truncated Palestine completely , and a network of exclusive highways will cut across what is left of Palestine to connect Israel with the Jordan River Valley .
Any step designed to hold Sudan 's leaders accountable for their crimes is therefore most welcome .
Mexico 's current institutions were designed and built for an authoritarian rule , not for democracy , and they worked while Mexico was governed by a single party , the PRI .
This is the single most important challenge facing Calderón ; designing and building new institutions should be his first priority .
Perhaps most importantly , Mexico must devise a French-style semi-presidential system whereby a designated Prime Minister is responsible for building majorities in Congress , and must be ratified by the latter .
Second , while the succession arrangement that the Castros designed years ago has the advantage of stability and predictability , Raúl will be unable to replace the old guard with younger leaders -LRB- his successor in the Armed Forces is 72 and his vice-president is 77 -RRB- .
The establishment of `` Comprehensive Institution-Building Programs , '' designed to support reform of key institutions in each partner country , should take place before the year 's end .
This means that adjuvant cancer therapy , designed to kill presumed micrometastatic disease , may be missing an important fraction of disseminated cancer cells , some of which may eventually wake up .
And that is largely the result of Obama 's botched strategy , whose twin troop surges were designed not to rout the Taliban militarily , but to strike a political deal with them from a position of strength .
In response to calls by some overseas Chinese for people to gather on Sundays at specific sites in Shanghai and Beijing to help launch a molihua -LRB- jasmine -RRB- revolution , China has revealed a new strategy : preemptively flood the protest-designated squares with police to leave no room for protesters .
The Great Western Route , centered on the Tibetan Plateau , is designed to divert waters , including from international rivers , to the Yellow River , the main river of water-stressed northern China , which also originates in Tibet .
Aid to poor societies in the form of programs designed to expose their students and workers to the experience of living and working in the US before returning home will be more effective than trying to make these societies ' governments and institutions more like those of the advanced economies .
Nevertheless , Anita Silvers , a philosopher at San Francisco State University and a disability scholar and activist , has described such treatments as `` tyranny of the normal , '' aimed at adjusting the deaf to a world designed by the hearing , ultimately implying the inferiority of deafness .
The Self-Defense Forces -LRB- SDF -RRB- that emerged during the 1950 's were designed -LRB- in theory -RRB- only to defend Japan from attack .
If the government could identify how the economy needed to be restructured and provide incentives to move resources more quickly in that direction , a properly designed program could alleviate and shorten the recession .
But a targeted assistance designed to improve the operations of Iraq 's police and government could help reduce violence .
This date also happens to coincide with James Watt 's design of the steam engine in 1784 .
`` Systems '' biology is biology that recognizes that what remains the same is the design of the boat -- that which determines the relationships between the planks .
That is the subject of the EU Convention now underway in Brussels , and which is designed to pave the way for a new treaty-making conference next year .
By design the EU Common Agricultural Policy -LRB- CAP -RRB- gives large financial benefits to countries with large farming sectors , like France , but imposes financial penalties on countries with small farming sectors , like Britain .
Dimon , the Chairman and CEO of J.P. Morgan , has been making his contrarian views known to regulators , most recently almost coming to blows , according to eyewitnesses , in a spat with Governor of the Bank of Canada Mark Carney , who chairs a group that is designing parts of the new regime .
LONDON -- The best journalism , it is said , is the first draft of history . Too Big to Fail by Andrew Ross Sorkin is certainly worthy of that designation .
A regulator-designed banking system would make that aim more difficult to achieve .
There are experimental designs , using twins , that can find out the extent to which intelligence and mortality are linked because they share environmental and genetic influences .
Eighth , increase support for NGOs with successful records in creating entrepreneurs in rural development , in carpet weaving , jewelry design , or any other activity that Afghans want to develop .
The challenge now is to redesign Georgia 's aid package to focus primarily on the provision of `` reconstruction aid '' that promotes investment and employment .
Intelligent Economic Design BERKELEY -- As Stephen Cohen , with whom I wrote The End of Influence : What Happens When Other Countries Have the Money , likes to say , economies do not evolve ; they are , rather , intelligently designed .
He also likes to say that , though there is an intelligence behind their design , this does not mean that the design is in any sense wise .
To say that economies are the products of intelligent design means only that some human intelligence or intelligences lies behind the design .
It does not mean that the design is smart or optimal .
For one thing , the process by which the design decisions are made resembles committee work : most people want a horse , but the push and pull and tug of negotiation produces a camel .
Moreover , the government officials , lobbyists , and interest groups doing the designing may not have the public interest in mind -- or even know what the public interest happens to be .
Most of the time in America , the process of intelligent design of the economy has gone well : that is why Americans are so relatively and absolutely rich today .
After all , the Founding Fathers were keen on redesigning the infant American economy .
Add steep tariffs on imported manufactured goods -- rammed through over the angry protests of farmers and southern planters -- and you have the policies that intelligently designed much of nineteenth - and early twentieth-century America .
After World War II , it was again government that led the redesign of the US economy .
This history is worth reviewing because America is poised for another debate over whether its economy evolves or is designed , with President Barack Obama 's opponents claiming that whatever is good in America 's economy has always evolved with no guidance , and that whatever is bad has been designed by government .
American governments will continue to plan and design the development of the economy , as they always have in the past .
The question is how , and whether the design will be in any sense wise .
A well-designed tax on oil would also reduce demand , thereby lowering the potential for windfall profits for those who rule or own the ground over the oil deposits .
A decade later , we have high oil prices , but they are not due to a well-designed tax , either in America or elsewhere .
The CPS survey was never designed to do this , but it offered the most favorable gloss on the Bush administration 's dreadful record on employment .
The first two priorities , if well designed and well implemented , are certainly honorable goals for a government to pursue .
It chose something different entirely : big tax cuts , yes , but tax cuts that were badly designed from a genuine supply-side perspective aimed at boosting growth , as well as Democratic domestic spending priorities , but very badly implemented .
Difficult problems of institutional design compound the difficulty of reforming social-welfare programs .
Clever government officials of goodwill , he thought , could design economic institutions that would be superior to the market &#45; &#45; or could at least tweak the market with taxes , subsidies , and regulations to produce superior outcomes .
Technocracy was Keynes 's faith : skilled experts designing and fine-tuning institutions out of the goodness of their hearts to make possible general prosperity &#45; &#45; as Keynes , indeed , did at Bretton Woods where the World Bank and IMF were created .
But this time , slow stimulus is amplified by failures in the design of the Bush economic program .
During moments of political transition -- a military victory , for example -- the emperor might designate a special `` era name '' to help celebrate the good news .
All too often , notions such as `` reserve agricultural land , '' or `` idle land , '' are manipulated out of existence , sometimes being used to designate land on which many livelihoods depend , and that is subject to long-standing customary rights .
This kind of action is more likely to win back a skeptical citizenry than any information campaign , however well designed .
It was his constant prodding that helped design and fill the piñata .
Instead , what Latin America 's people get in the democratic era is a lot of public works -- bridges , highways , and massive structures that are designed to elicit short-term political support .
An External Stability Pact for Europe BERLIN -- The current economic crisis has exposed two fundamental problems in the design of the European Monetary Union .
Furthermore , an External Stability Pact would oblige governments to take into account the consequences for other member states when designing national economic reforms .
Within the framework of these rules , individual countries would retain the authority to design their policies .
Borrowing from the open-software movement , Räsänen and his colleagues want to make the idea and the basic designs free , and encourage lots of companies all over the world to implement it locally .
The French authorities have now taken this approach a step further with the creation of a Fonds stratégique d'investissement -LRB- FSI -RRB- , which aims to protect domestic capital from the predatory designs of foreign investors .
The continent needs measures that are designed to encourage savings and investment , improve labor utilization , and upgrade failed educational systems .
After all , no one anointed these 20 countries as the designated representatives of the world .
It has contributed significantly to international thinking on the design of new lending facilities .
The second round of stress tests by the European Banking Authority is ostensibly designed with this end in mind .
So , rather than worrying that they might be approaching a Lehman Brothers moment , European policymakers would be better off designing a Greek debt deal tailored , like the Brady Plan , to avoid this fate .
Their statements were designed to beat Greek politicians into submission , and may have succeeded , at least for now .
Macedonia at one point agreed to design a new flag and remove the symbols , as well as to amend its constitution to clarify that it had no territorial claims on Greece , but it flatly refused to live under one of the tongue-twisting names suggested by its bigger neighbor .
As Sandel points out , perhaps we could design a world in which we all have access to mood-brightening drugs and cosmetic surgery ; in which athletes have access to safe , performance-enhancing drugs ; in which we could safely choose and manipulate the genetic traits of our children ; and in which we eat factory-farmed pigs and chickens that are genetically engineered not to feel pain .
The design raises some challenging questions .
In the spirit of Schmitt , Putin 's men designated a liberal party , the Union of Right Forces , as their ur-enemy . Its public meetings were broken up by armed police ; its leaders arrested and beaten ; Putin called its supporters `` coyotes . ''
Moreover , there is the real risk of proliferation , especially in the Middle East , multiplying the dangers that nuclear weapons will be used by accident or miscalculation as well as design .
Any agreement involving an end to sanctions and diplomatic isolation would need to be accompanied by intrusive monitoring , inspection , and verification arrangements , covering not only all sensitive stages of the nuclear fuel cycle , but also any suspected weapons design or engineering facilities .
It is important to keep in perspective what the responsibility to protect is about , and what the principle was designed to achieve .
Military action expressly designed to kill Qaddafi or force him into exile , to ensure a rebel victory in a civil war , or to achieve a more open and responsive system of government in Libya is not permissible under the explicit terms of Resolution 1973 .
Although an Atlantic Monetary Union -LRB- between the US and the EU -RRB- is a long-term prospect , it should be considered as a grand design for the future .
Israel claims its actions in Gaza and Lebanon are designed to safeguard its own security .
It sometimes happens that a drastic action designed to prevent an unacceptable disaster may make the disaster worse .
Unfortunately , the fiscal stimulus was not well enough designed to get the economy onto a strong , self-sustaining growth path .
The Berlusconi government recently passed a budget bill designed to raise tax revenue and to bring the economy to a balanced budget by 2013 .
Europe is in for a spell of designer demagogy that thrives in affluence or ennui . But it must be resisted , because domestic peace depends on mutual respect for cultural plurality , because Europe 's changing demographic profile demands more open borders , not a gated continent , and because the new right 's inherent chauvinism is irreconcilable with the EU 's survival and success .
Full normalization of political and economic relations would follow , including binding security guarantees upon agreement of a regional security design .
It must never be forgotten that the EU is a project designed for mutual economic progress .
In any case , the Maastricht rules were never designed for a perfect storm like the one triggered by the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 .
This would cost Germany control over the quality of its credit , just as the replacement of the Bundesbank by the ECB implied Germany 's loss of control over the quality of its currency -LRB- though it was given a large role in designing the ECB -RRB- .
The US has not seen a treason prosecution since World War II , and Germany has , arguably , abolished treason in the traditional sense , retaining only a general crime of sedition designed to protect the government from overthrow by anti-democratic forces .
This brings into focus the second requirement of self-defense . Evidence of aggressive design must be public and visible to all .
The accusatorial system is designed for those relatively rare cases when error slips through the peer-review net , resulting in some concrete damage to health or the environment , or causing the corruption of later research that assumes the validity of fraudulent work .
The large ornamental codices of the early Middle Ages gave way to portable `` handbooks '' designed for the lighter touch of a quill pen .
These rules are designed for people with reference material at their disposal but no authority to evaluate it .
The Science Citation Index , originally designed to help researchers discern aggregate trends in increasingly complex subject domains sciences , has helped measure productivity .
As early as October 2008 , when the crisis first hit , China 's government adopted a comprehensive policy package designed to prevent the economy from sliding further .
After all , T3 was designed by a Briton , and has incorporated the most recent architectural and operational trends , styles , and standards in the world .
So , just as judicious use of pesticides can control invasive species , a therapeutic strategy designed to maintain a stable , tolerable tumor volume could improve a patient 's prospects for survival by allowing sensitive cells to suppress the growth of resistant ones .
They will need to understand the evolutionary dynamics of resistant populations , and design strategies to suppress or exploit the adapted characteristics .
In today 's uncertain world , social turmoil , gender deprivation , and rising conflict have tested countries ' abilities to create jobs , promote gender equity , equip young people with skills , and design effective social protection programs .
Policies designed to make redistribution more efficient need not hamper growth itself .
The new constitution eliminated the so-called `` authoritarian enclaves '' by subordinating the armed forces to civilian rule and removing their designated senators from Parliament .
Iran has a tradition of architectural design that has revealed key insights to cognitive scientists .
Stagnation in computer design is not surprising , considering that familiarity is so comfortable .
Military intelligence depends on ever-improving communication , so it is one area in which system design is constantly changing .
The telephone dial did n't appear until 1919 , when the first group of self-designated `` user interface scientists '' at Western Electric considered what the most intuitive form should be .
Deadly mutations of any kind need to be identified urgently , so that an effective vaccine can be designed before the strain becomes comfortable in the human body .
It is less important , for instance , to steal a copy of North Korea 's bomb designs than to know the morale and capability of its scientists .
So a `` casual '' production style was adopted , similar to the design of worn and ripped jeans .
Dams -- provided they are adequately sized and designed -- can contribute to human development by fighting climate change and regulating water supply .
Russia can be effective in dealing with these issues only if it becomes a competent global actor . Yet many assume that world politics should be designed to bypass Russia .
The first choice is bound to imply elaborate measures designed to deliver `` more of the same '' -- a strengthening of the Stability and Growth Pact , for example , with more provisions for economic policy surveillance and cooperation .
One way to weaken this resistance is to involve not only ministers and heads of government in exchanging information on policy design , but also those who resist change , notably trade unions .
Governments can take these steps if they introduce and expand programs designed to assist those who would lose their jobs as a result of trade liberalization .
Working with Russia , the EU , and the UN , the US developed a roadmap designed to take us in stages toward this goal .
In the long run , the US needs to generate domestic and international support for regional and global arrangements designed to manage the defining problems of this era , from the spread of nuclear materials and terrorism to maintaining an open world economy and slowing climate change .
President Jacques Chirac of France , but also Brazil 's leftist president , Lula da Silva support a tax on airline tickets designed to finance poor countries ' development . Similarly , the centrist leader François Bayrou , has proposed imposing a `` Tobin tax '' -LRB- named after its creator , the Nobel laureate economist James Tobin -RRB- on financial transactions , with the proceeds to be used to support socially worthy causes .
With these crucial issues unresolved , we are creating a Europe-wide system that violates the golden rule of any institutional design : decisions should be made by those who bear responsibility and who ultimately must pay .
This so-called democratic transition , a process designed solely by dictators and with input only from the regime 's loyalists , will result in continued dictatorship .
Before Burma 's fate is sealed in a new-model dictatorship , the United Nations must immediately and vigorously embark on a fresh process designed to deliver national reconciliation and democracy to that troubled country .
Policies designed for one fault line are not necessarily appropriate for the latter .
Dr. Khan allegedly also supplied a detailed nuclear weapon design that US experts say is of a 1964 Chinese vintage passed on to Pakistan two decades ago .
The other division , which falls under the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission and the National Development Complex , has a much wider range of responsibilities - conversion of uranium gas to metal , weapons design and manufacture , and nuclear testing .
Thus the mystery : how could Dr. Khan - who had no need to possess weapons design information - have handed over detailed bomb design documents to Libya ?
There is little doubt that evolution designed people to have a propensity to become sad after such situations .
Advocates of more democracy in the Arab world now risk being accused of cooperation with the American design for re-making the Middle East .
The allocated budget was just $ 29 million , but its rapid death can also be ascribed to its short-sighted design -- and to Barack Obama , who has shown little interest in the issue .
If your mobile phone was assembled in India , but developed and designed in Finland , is it an Indian or a Finnish product ?
Although manufactured in China and Vietnam , shoes were designed , developed , and marketed in Europe .
They are also frustrated that the US Treasury has not `` named and shamed '' China by designating it a currency manipulator .
Next week 's Commonwealth heads of government summit in Nigeria is a make or break moment for the New Partnership for Africa 's Development -LRB- NEPAD -RRB- , the initiative designed by Africans to modernize Africa 's governments and economies .
IBM built up a massively dominant position because it leased a carefully custom-designed and individualized package .
There has always been uncertainty about the best design of a banking system , and there has always been competition between different sorts of banking regulation .
Over the course of a few decades , major city centers across the world began to resemble each other much more closely , with the same brands , designs , and lifestyles .
In fact , it could be called `` Tom Fordism , '' after the young American designer who realized the iconic potential of the Italian fashion house of Gucci .
Indeed , financial stress tests -- designed to estimate the likelihood of bank failures in the event of bad economic news -- are intended to be the equivalent of cardiac stress tests . And , like most cardiac stress tests , the primary aim is to reassure .
Some concepts that are designed as criticisms are quickly inverted to become celebratory .
Mediobanca , the financial institution long at the heart of Italian family capitalism , was struggling since the death of its founder Enrico Cuccia and the removal of the man he had designated as his heir apparent .
The changes that we are advocating are designed to target specific areas of need instead of strengthening health system capacity .
Internet communication in modern China is filled with baits and traps : user-friendly Web page designs , easy-to-click icons and symbolized facial expressions , beautiful female stars in online ads and constantly updated international news induce users to participate and express their own ideas .
The two governments will certainly use Hu 's visit to celebrate the anniversary with new programs designed to enhance bilateral understanding and friendship .
Partly by design and partly by chance , about a decade ago China found itself consistently accumulating large amounts of foreign reserves by running a trade surplus and intervening to buy up the dollars that this generated .
Some of these were driven by demand , food production for example , and many of the most revolutionary were supported by well-designed government policy , such as the construction of railways and the rapid development of mobile telephony .
In light of the technical realities , it would have been more accurate to designate the difficult and openly acknowledged enrichment activity as the nuclear weapons program , for this is what can supply the guts of an atomic bomb .
We must acknowledge the complexity of the economic issues before us and listen more in designing the necessary and appropriate responses .
So we should n't be too quick to dismiss the suggestion that science might help -- in the first instance , by helping us design more effective institutions , more inspiring moral education , or more persuasive ethical arguments .
President Bush 's recent visit to Asia made little news -- by design .
Soviet engineers began designing Sputnik in January 1956 .
The Nobel Prize committee decided to give an award to Sputnik 's `` chief designer , '' but first it needed the person 's name .
A well-organized team would collapse like a house of cards , and the hopes for future space research and missile design would be dashed , threatening the country 's security .
But , despite the pains my father had taken , the other designers expressed growing discontent about Korolev getting all the publicity , even if anonymously .
The first to revolt was engine designer Valentin Glushko , whose RD-170 liquid-propellant engine is used on Russian and some American rockets .
Soon , Glushko offered his services to other Soviet rocket designers , Mikhail Yangel and Vladimir Chelomei -- Korolev 's rivals .
Technically , Glushko , by government order , continued to design engines for Korolev , but the work was n't good .
Indeed , by choosing Albert Speer Jr. , the son of Hitler 's favorite architect and the designer of the 1936 Berlin Olympics , to design the master plan for the Beijing Games , China 's government has itself alluded to the radical politicization of aesthetics that was a hallmark of twentieth-century totalitarianism .
His design centered on the construction of an imposing avenue to connect the Forbidden City and the National Stadium in which the opening ceremony will take place .
While designing the master plan for the Beijing Games , Speer Jr. , an acclaimed architect and town planner , also sought , like his father , to create a futuristic global metropolis .
Instead of emphasizing his design 's pomposity , the younger Speer insisted on its environmental friendliness .
The 2,000-year-old city of Beijing should be transported into hyper-modernity , whereas his father 's 1936 Berlin design was , in his words , `` simply megalomania . ''
The worker used a low-cost diagnostic kit to confirm the malaria diagnosis , circumventing the need for a microscope and laboratory ; a smart phone to key in the test results and receive advice from an `` expert system '' designed by public-health specialists ; and state-of-the-art combination drug therapy to cure the illness .
These judicial protections are designed to protect the mentally insane , not the mentally retarded .
An existing border dispute was used as a pretext to launch a swift invasion -LRB- one that caught Nehru 's India by surprise -RRB- , inflict a humiliating defeat , and then stage a seemingly magnanimous unilateral withdrawal designed to highlight India 's impotence .
The facility 's robust design is similar to that of the Kashiwazaki-Kariwa nuclear power plant , the world 's largest , in Niigata , which was unscathed by the Ch?etsu offshore earthquake -LRB- measuring 6.8 on the Richter scale -RRB- in July 2007 .
As for Japan , once the initial economic panic subsides , bipartisan agreement will be necessary to design and approve a budget aimed at bringing about the quickest possible recovery .
Although Chen 's government , under pressure from the opposition Kuomintang , later restarted work on the plant , design revisions have repeatedly delayed its completion .
There is , indeed , a growing belief that Kim Jong-il might , at any moment , designate Kim Kyong-hui to serve as a caretaker for the third-generation successor after his death .
The threat from North Korea has always been that it might start another war , whether by miscalculation or design .
The appearance of such clear gluonic structures was unexpected ; the experiments at HERA were not designed to study them .
But the precision experiments required to measure the strong force can be designed and built with known technology .
At the dawn of today 's multilateral system in 1944 , 44 countries gathered in the United States at Bretton Woods , New Hampshire , to design the World Bank , the International Monetary Fund , and a system for international trade .
Arab leaders old and new will implement policies designed to alleviate popular dissatisfaction .
Twenty-two percent said that they hope Ismael Haniyeh , Hamas 's designated prime minister , will end the chaos in Palestinian towns and provide internal security and the rule of law .
This is the crux of the Lisbon Treaty , which is designed to usher in new institutions and mechanisms aimed at creating more politically cohesive EU external policies .
Deng , in effect , personally designated Hu as successor to President Jiang Zemin .
I speak as someone who has been on the receiving end of Russian imperialist designs .
Moldova has been particularly helpless in the face of the Kremlin 's imperial designs .
Worse , given the absence of a clearly designated successor and the weakness of civil society and other political institutions , his death could have repercussions across Central Asia .
But America failed to develop a coherent public rationale for its planned deployment of a system designed to destroy a missile fired by a rogue regime .
The biggest challenge for the next government is to acknowledge the risks and dangers of the resource curse , and design a new , creative model to avoid it .
Fisheries policy is designed to allow small fish to grow .
The challenge for industrial policy is greater , because it should assist the design of efficient , government-sponsored programs in which the public and private sectors coordinate their efforts to develop new technologies and industries .
The generalized official verdict , and the use of Lin Piao -LRB- once Mao Zedong 's Vice President and designated heir , who rebelled against him -RRB- and the `` Gang of Four '' as scapegoats , obscures the crimes of Mao and the Party , as well as the entrenched flaws in the system .
Now an opportunity to introduce young blood and new ideas has similarly been missed : although the Sixth Congress adopted a ten-year limit for holding office , the two people designated to succeed Raúl Castro are both octogenarians .
The British and Chinese governments in the 1980 's designed Hong Kong 's awkward political system during their negotiations over the eventual transfer of sovereignty . Its purpose was to ensure that the will of the public could not be fully expressed through the ballot box .
Medical errors are so frequent that the World Health Organization has designed guidelines to ensure patient safety .
Early childhood development projects -- designed to improve children 's physical , intellectual , and social development -- form a third effective set of redistributive policies .
This reform should be packaged with a careful evaluation of the regulatory climate for business , designed to eliminate or streamline the rules .
The main deviation has been the past two years of record-high food prices , caused not by climate change but by the policies designed to combat it : the dash for ethanol , which put food into cars and thus upward pressure on food prices .
Of course , carbon cuts are not designed only to tackle malaria . But , for every problem that global warming will exacerbate -- hurricanes , hunger , flooding -- we could achieve tremendously more through cheaper , direct policies today .
New houses will be designed to deal with warmer temperatures .
The most efficient , global carbon cuts -- designed to keep temperature increases under two degrees Celsius -- would cost $ 40 trillion a year by 2100 , according to research by Richard Tol for the Copenhagen Consensus Center .
So far , however , the NDP has missed every opportunity imaginable to gain popular support by proposing a reform program designed to bring real increases in public participation .
For example , value-added tax is designed to encourage firms to procure invoices for their inputs in order to reduce their own tax outlays .
He staged a photo opportunity for his designated-heir with Barack Obama during the G-8 meeting in Deauville earlier this year , and followed that up with a trip to Benghazi -- his flight escorted by French Mirage fighters -- to lambast Colonel Muammar el-Qaddafi .
Partnerships with foreign companies were designed to allow local businesses to benefit from technology transfer and training , while creating the most favorable conditions for local producers to add value to domestic production and exports .
One reason is the set of ill-designed development strategies that the IMF and the World Bank have implemented in the region for nearly half a century .
Their loans were designed to perpetuate Africa 's role as a supplier of raw materials , while entangling the continent in an inextricable web of debts and dependency on the `` aid industry . ''
This will mean designing foreign partnerships with a view to ensuring that local businesses benefit from technology transfer and training , thereby generating higher value-added in domestic production and exports .
This would entail the dismantling of the African Union in its current form , which in any case is built on shaky grounds , since its designers seemed to favor plagiarizing the European Union -- hardly a bureaucratic model worth emulating .
New departments and state secretaries with clearly designed purposes were introduced .
The constitutional treaty was originally designed to streamline the system , and it was only later that it was over-enthusiastically expanded into the lengthy and pompous document that is now a dead letter .
This was among the problems that the EU 's controversial Lisbon treaty was designed to fix .
They invited policymakers from the emerging giants to become more involved in designing a new global economic framework -- implicitly suggesting that this has not been the case so far .
As the two most significant global trading powers , the United States and China , especially , must fight tendencies in their own countries to raise hidden barriers or take inappropriate retaliatory action designed to placate domestic public opinion .
Although Mao Zedong is widely implicated in the unnecessary death of millions and is officially designated by the current regime as having been 30 % wrong , his photograph still adorns Tiananmen Square , because the regime 's legitimacy depends in part on its connection to the restoration of national sovereignty that Mao represents .
While aggressively marketing tobacco products , they also waged a successful public relations campaign designed to create uncertainty about the destructive and lethal characteristics of their products .
Margaret Chan , the head of the World Health Organization , and Yukiya Amano , director of the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- , noted in a recent article that most developing countries ' health-care systems are designed to cope with infectious diseases rather than cancer .
This strategy emphasizes the maintenance of an extensive law enforcement apparatus designed to eliminate any incipient organized opposition .
A special 30,000-strong police unit monitors and screens Internet traffic , advanced technology is deployed to block access to overseas Web sites considered `` hostile or harmful , '' and Internet service and content providers , both domestic and Western , must comply with onerous restrictions designed to suppress political dissent and track down offenders .
We need well-designed systems of finance , student assessment , professional development and management , quality assurance , and monitoring and evaluation .
Should the best answer to the return of Russia 's imperial ambitions be a modern version of a Holy Alliance of stability designed to contain the world 's new maverick ?
Let 's sit down together like Churchill , Roosevelt , and Stalin at Yalta and redesign a twenty-first-century map of Europe .
The Eternal Wall PARIS -- Walls designed to keep people in or out -- whether they are in Berlin , Nicosia , Israel , or Korea -- are always the product of fear : East German leaders ' fear of a mass exodus by their citizens seeking freedom and dignity ; Greek and Turkish Cypriot leaders ' fear of continued war ; Israelis ' fear of terrorism ; or the North Korean leadership 's fear of `` abandonment '' by their martyred people .
It is about fresh ideas that give rise to novel products , services , and processes , new management methods , and original designs and inventions that generate greater profits for firms , regions and countries .
Did the ambitions of the Lisbon treaty 's designers condemn it to failure ?
On the contrary , as the possible outcomes become clearer , we will almost certainly face the need for serious and costly reductions in energy use , at least among the advanced countries , as well as costly technological advances designed to make energy use more efficient in both the advanced and developing world .
Saddam also assigned his deputy Izzat Ibrahim to lead a so-called `` faith drive . '' The campaign was designed to serve several purposes , including the suppression of any free , secular thinking .
The American President 's designation of two Britons to be among the first six of 680 prisoners held at the US base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba to face a military trial has been condemned across the political spectrum in the United Kingdom .
One of the chief weaknesses in Russia 's constitutional design is that power is separated from accountability : the president has the most power , but the government is held accountable for policy results .
While not entirely addressing the flaws in the design , the new situation -- with the strongest political figure heading the executive branch -- will permit more effective performance by the government , which is still battling to recover from Putin 's administrative reforms of 2004 .
The goal is to capture the major underlying policy shift from a highly heterogeneous portfolio of programs -- intended to support various goals in various ways and to varying degrees -- to a legislative and budgetary package designed to serve as a common strategic framework .
Many of these weapons remain deployed or designed for use within the Euro-Atlantic region .
Worse yet , her surgeries seem designed to make her resemble the actress Angelina Jolie .
Reading Fisher , one is more inclined to leave boys alone to challenge one another and test their environment , and to accept that , as she puts it , nature designed men and women to collaborate for survival . `` Collaboration '' implies free will and choice ; even primate males do not succeed by dominating or controlling females .
As their designated representative , al-Hanashi knew which prisoners had claimed to have been tortured or abused , and by whom .
Royal Dutch Shell , for example , announced in 2003 that it would not drill in any spots designated by UNESCO as World Heritage sites .
The constitution was designed to make a Europe of 25 members more efficient , not produce a strong federal state .
Its focus was on Western Europe , and , as one joke went , it was designed to keep the Russians out , the Germans down , and the Americans in .
Whatever the geometry of such a consultative group , it would be designed to supplement the UN in reaching decisions , and would help galvanize bureaucracies in member governments to address key transnational issues .
After the failure of the League of Nations in the 1930 's , the UN was designed to have the Security Council 's permanent members act as policemen to enforce collective security .
As one expert put it , its permanent members ' veto was designed to be like a fuse box in an electrical system : better that the lights go out than that the house burn down .
An effective leader manages and shapes the context of decisions by creating and maintaining well-designed systems .
Experts argue that well designed systems are like stage directions in a play .
The march was designed for communication , not the ostensible reason of resisting the colonial government 's prohibition on the fabrication of salt .
As a result , South Korea is beginning to design a foreign policy that will allow it to play a larger role in the international institutions and networks that will be essential to global governance .
Indeed , too much government control , or even the appearance of it , can undercut the credibility that such networks are designed to engender .
As an editorial in The Economist recently concluded , `` America 's political system was designed to make legislation at the federal level difficult , not easy .
Yes , a full-scale military invasion would meet with a devastating defeat by superior South Korean and US military forces , whose current naval exercises in the Yellow Sea are designed to remind North Korea of this disparity .
Demonstration of military success in `` protecting '' the regime may indeed be designed to strengthen the 28-year-old general 's claim to power .
True , America 's founding fathers created a system of checks and balances designed to preserve liberty at the price of efficiency .
Ireland Votes , Europe Waits MAYNOOTH , IRELAND -- On June 12 , Irish voters will vote on the European Union 's Lisbon Treaty , the instrument designed to improve the efficiency and legitimacy of the now 27-member bloc .
The UN report observes that national economic policies and existing multilateral settings are not designed to mitigate effectively the risk of a global slowdown or to address global imbalances .
For a decade , I have proposed that the IMF of the future should be seen as the apex of a network of regional reserve funds -- that is , a system closer in design to the European Central Bank or the United States Federal Reserve system .
A similar institutional design could be adopted for prudential policies .
To make this body viable , realistic criteria must underpin its design .
For many Arabs , the vote showed that Turkey was not an American lackey and would not cooperate with American imperial designs , despite close Turkish-Israeli relations .
Tension , and at times open confrontation , between a modernizing elite and ordinary people regarding the nature , function , and design of the state undermined the very capacity to govern .
But for the US , an anti-drug policy designed by nationalist leaders whose countries account for more than half of America 's cocaine market hardly inspires confidence .
By designing educational and social protection policies that strengthen the individual , Scandinavian politicians have sought to promote change rather than prevent it .
This never met any criticism from my voters , because educational policy and the social safety net were designed to lower workers ' risk aversion .
But this insight is not reflected in monetary union 's design .
The `` many recipes '' thesis is that countries develop successfully by following eclectic policies tailored to specific local conditions rather than by following generic best-practice formulas designed by economic theorists .
MIT economists tend to espouse the opposite : fairness is important , the real world is unacceptably unfair , and government failure can be prevented by good institutional design , including democracy .
Indeed , America 's secular institutions were designed to support pluralism .
This design was crafted not only from enlightened principle but from necessity : America needed to persuade people to cross the ocean and endure the hardships of the frontier and , later , industrialization .
But our proactive policy of rapprochement was not designed merely to serve national interests .
There are different perspectives on how Europe 's security architecture should be designed , but we all agree on the urgent need to tackle this critical challenge through constructive dialogue .
Legal problems could also be overcome in the short term by designing Eurobonds to include credit guarantees , repayment priorities , and the use of specific tax streams as collateral .
The first significant obstacle in the way of Russia 's designs on Georgia was intervention by the US , which demanded that the Georgian government drop negotiations with Gazprom and banned Georgia from selling the gas pipeline that connects Russia and Armenia through Georgian territory .
The designated successor to Mao Zedong in China , Hua Guofeng , raised this attitude to an art form . He was known as a `` whateverist . ''
It may be his last before he hands over power to his apparently designated successor , Vice President Xi Jinping , in 2012 -- coincidentally the same year that President Barack Obama will be campaigning for a second term in the White House .
Hence , every movement designed to stigmatize or malign some group -- Jews , blacks , gays , the poor , women , and so on -- has used disgust .
This , in turn , requires a proper procedure , based on transparent competition , for the initial sale of prospecting rights , as well as a well-designed tax system to collect revenues from subsequent corporate profits .
The Dee Bridge , whose cast - and wrought-iron design followed common practice for the period , collapsed under a passing train , killing everyone aboard .
Composed of many modest spans , the structure involved no radically new design concepts and seemed to be a mere application of proven technology .
Although it was only slightly longer than the highly successful cantilever bridge over the Forth River near Edinburgh , Scotland , the Quebec Bridge was so inadequately designed that it collapsed before it was completed .
The Tacoma Narrows Bridge was designed as state of the art , which included a strong aesthetic preference for slender structures .
When the failures described above occurred , engineers were sensitized to their own limitations and so approached subsequent designs - no matter of what kind of bridge - with renewed respect for the laws and forces of nature .
Unfortunately , human memory fades with time , and new generations of engineers with no vivid experience of past failures can proceed with hubris to design again beyond wise limits .
A relationship that started on both sides as essentially a strategic design to constrain a common adversary has evolved over the decades into a pillar of the international system ...
This generation of leaders has the opportunity to shape relations into a design for a common destiny , much as was done with trans-Atlantic relations in the post-war period . ''
But importing well-designed laws from outside a country 's borders did n't begin with communism 's fall .
Of course , this task is more difficult and time consuming than designing general standards , but the payoff may be worth it .
So there is no agreement yet to make the EFSF permanent , and it has been designed to be as un-federal as possible .
The Europeans have begun to assemble the bricks for a new building , but without having agreed on its size and design .
As a result , regulatory reform must be designed in a way that minimizes short-term costs .
The purpose of Lula 's visit was to support his personally appointed presidential candidate , Dilma Rousseff , who was formerly his chief of staff and the main architect of the government 's investment program , designed in 2007 to accelerate growth .
A series of bold foreign-policy strokes -- the Asia Cooperation Dialogue , the Economic Cooperation Strategy for the development of mainland Southeast Asia , and America 's designation of Thailand as a `` major non-NATO ally '' -- turned the international spotlight on Thaksin during his first term .
He overhauled the bureaucracy , delivered on his promises to the poor , mapped out an industrial strategy , and re-designed an overstretched foreign policy agenda , among other innovative measures .
For them , doing so would be tantamount to admitting that most people in this hospitable , well-endowed kingdom had been kept poor by design all along .
In that tradition , the economist Milton Friedman wrote , in his 1962 book Capitalism and Freedom : `` there is one and only one social responsibility of business -- to use its resources and engage in activities designed to increase its profits so long as it stays within the rules of the game , which is to say , engages in open and free competition without deception or fraud . ''
The second is designed to bury whatever hopes still exist for signing a successor treaty to the Kyoto Protocol .
A Georgian Marshall Plan , with a strategic economic development plan and specified milestones , holds promise because the government would be able and willing to design and implement a viable program .
I do n't resent the ease with which basic science faculty are promoted ; after all , I am sure that I also enjoyed the perks that come with this designation .
But it was the father of Pakistan 's nuclear program , A. Q. Khan -- and his network -- that furnished the technological linchpin : the rudiments for a nuclear centrifuge program . And the Pakistanis added a nuclear weapon design as well .
Of course , the creators of today 's united Europe did not start by calling for national sovereignty to be abrogated . Indeed , Robert Schuman once declared that `` Europe will not be built in a day , nor as part of an overall design .
Indeed , the APEC Economic Leaders ' Meeting in 1997 designated 15 major sectors -- including automobiles , chemicals , energy assets , and environmental measures -- for early liberalization .
The Convention worked in full transparency for more than a year , designing a single , consolidated draft Treaty that was agreed upon by a broad consensus among its members .
If properly designed , they can benefit their members , especially if combined with reduced trade barriers for all trading partners .
If designed badly , the cost of such agreements -- in terms of trade diversion , confusion , and demands on limited administrative capacity -- often exceeds the benefits .
This is one of the most important reforms to the Fund 's work in the 30 years since the surveillance process was designed .
Not even an organized network would be required ; just a fanatic with the mindset of those who now design computer viruses .
But , buoyed by government bailout money , guarantees , and low interest rates , many banks have again begun to pay their top managers huge bonuses while fighting vigorously against reforms designed to restrain their risk-taking and compensation .
Obviously , the cartels ' leaders do not have designs on Mexico 's presidential palace .
Strategy . Since 1953 , China has framed its macro objectives in the context of five-year plans , with clearly defined targets and policy initiatives designed to hit those targets .
Either by accident or design , the media choose only those battles that offer the finest spectacles : clashes of personalities , violence and repression , struggles over national identity , and disputes about moral and sexual attitudes .
Redesigning Capitalism PARIS -- When the heads of state of the world 's 20 largest economies come together on short notice , as they just did in Washington , D.C. , it is clear how serious the current global crisis is .
The best-designed policies are always contingent on local conditions , making use of pre-existing advantages and seeking to overcome domestic constraints .
This line of thinking has vast implications for the design of appropriate global economic arrangements .
That is a pity , because economists ' understanding of the substantive issues , professional obsession with incentives , and attention to unanticipated consequences give them a natural advantage in designing institutional arrangements to further the objectives in question while minimizing behavioral distortions .
The IMF was also designated as one of two lead agencies -- along with an expanded Financial Stability Forum -LRB- now renamed the Financial Stability Board -RRB- -- charged with providing early warning of macroeconomic and financial risks and issuing the requisite policy recommendations .
Even when not formally designated as such , central banks have become the guardians of financial-market sanity .
Surely , as the economists Arvind Subramanian and John Williamson have written , emerging markets deserve the IMF 's help in designing better prudential controls over capital inflows instead of having their wrists slapped .
Rediscovering the common sense that had strangely eluded the Fund for two decades , the report noted : `` logic suggests that appropriately designed controls on capital inflows could usefully complement '' other policies .
We currently do n't know much about designing capital-control regimes .
But when it comes to industrial policy , it is the United States that takes the cake . This is ironic , because the term `` industrial policy '' is anathema in American political discourse . It is used almost exclusively to browbeat political opponents with accusations of Stalinist economic designs .
The architects of the Bretton Woods regime kept this lesson in mind when they redesigned the world 's monetary system in 1944 .
Because policymakers operate in second-best environments , optimal reform trajectories - even in apparently straightforward cases such as price reform - can not be designed without due regard to prevailing conditions and without weighing the consequences for multiple distorted margins .
Reforms designed without adequate regard to local realities and domestic politics have often produced unintended consequences or backfired .
For the Fukushima nuclear-power plant , a 1,000-year flood and ordinarily innocuous design defects combined to deprive the reactors of circulating water coolant and cause serious radiation leaks .
In financial markets , an unexpected collapse in real-estate securities and design defects in the derivatives and repo markets combined to damage core financial institutions ' ability make good on their payment obligations .
While the basic risks originated outside the systems -- a tsunami for Fukushima , over-investment in real-estate mortgages for financial institutions -- design defects and bad luck meant that the system could n't contain the damage .
We now understand the Fukushima risks and design defects well .
But , when over-used by systemically vital firms , they can blow up the financial system , owing to its design defects .
In the US , the main design defects are in bankruptcy law , which exempts derivatives and repos from most regular bankruptcy constraints .
The US Congress had a chance to fix this design defect in the major financial overhaul that it enacted last summer via the Dodd-Frank bill .
For Fukushima-type risks , analysts are already discussing how nuclear plants can be designed and built to contain earthquake and tsunami risks via passive cooling .
It is possible , the thinking now runs , to design and build nuclear plants that can keep the fuel rods cool even if all power is lost .
Instead , we survived the financial tsunami of 2008 , only to rebuild in the same place , on the main financial fault-lines , using the same flawed design .
It is not always an easy process , and reasonable people can and do disagree about the design of IMF-supported programs both before and after the fact .
Unfortunately , economists know much less about how to adapt regulation over time to complex systems with constantly evolving risks , much less how to design regulatory resilient institutions .
Of course , fiscal councils by themselves are not enough , no matter how well designed they are .
European efforts to induce Teheran to renounce its nuclear designs by addressing Iran 's legitimate security concerns and offering important opportunities for economic and social betterment can not be successful without active US support .
Loan guarantees from Germany and\/or the EU are less desirable than an IMF program , as it is very hard to design and credibly implement conditionality in such guarantees .
So , after a totally flawed plan that would have given money to Greece too late -- only when the country risked a refinancing crisis -- and at market rates that would make its debt unsustainable , the EU regained its senses and designed a new scheme that is closer to typical IMF conditionality : tranched support with some early front-loaded support and a semi-concessional interest rate .
Second , countries where bond-market vigilantes have not yet awakened -- the US , the UK , and Japan -- should maintain their fiscal stimulus while designing credible fiscal consolidation plans to be implemented later over the medium term .
It means not allowing newspapers and TV to be hijacked by spurious passions and staged theatrics designed to divert attention from everything else .
He was equally indifferent to his people 's material welfare and anything particular about the design of a viable political and economic system .
They plan and design headline-grabbing attacks using every means of communications to intimidate and break the collective will of free people .
One traditional argument for the existence of God , the so-called `` argument from design , '' stresses that organic parts are adapted , and argues that the only way they could have come into being is through the workings of some kind of intelligence .
Darwin accepted the design-like nature of organisms and their parts .
But after Darwin and natural selection , we have a non-God-driven explanation for adaptation , making it possible to be a non-believer , even in the face of design-like organisms and their parts .
In his book River out of Eden , he writes , `` The universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is , at bottom , no design , no purpose , no evil and no good , nothing but blind , pitiless indifference . ''
Last year a Nigerian team of HIV\/AIDS experts performed what many thought to be a miracle : they submitted a well-designed , thoughtfully written , and locally developed proposal to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis , and Malaria .
Latin American journalists may face a diminished threat of murder nowadays , but many still confront a gauntlet of challenges designed to control them .
Those incentives will come at modest cost and huge benefit , and they can be designed to protect the poor and shift the climate-change burden to those who can afford it .
A well-designed fund would slow or stop deforestation , preserve biodiversity , and reduce emissions of carbon dioxide the burning of cleared forests .
Aside from banning bottom trawling and establishing a global fund for avoided deforestation , we should designate a global network of protected marine areas , in which fishing , boating , polluting , dredging , drilling , and other damaging activities would be prohibited .
New kinds of power plants will have to be built to make carbon capture economical , new pipelines will have to be built to transport the CO2 to storage sites , and new monitoring systems will have to be designed to control leaks .
Governments generally lack the needed technical capacity to design such projects , opening up possibilities of favoritism and corruption when major contracts are awarded . Such charges are likely to be hurled at governments even when they are not true , though all too often they are .
Governments should thus strengthen their ministries of infrastructure -LRB- including power , roads , water and sanitation , and information and communication technologies -RRB- , as well as their national development banks , so that they can properly design long-term infrastructure projects and programs .
This is true not only in automobiles , but also in the choice of energy systems , building designs , urban planning , and food systems -LRB- remembering that food production and transport account for around one-sixth of total greenhouse gas emissions -RRB- .
By combining staunch military resistance to rebellion with a political program designed to entice rebels back to normal life , the Uribe government has demonstrated that insurgencies can be curtailed .
The Kremlin will learn that lesson only if Europe designs , adopts , and sticks to an energy strategy that lessens its dependence on Russian supplies and builds its own common foreign policy on energy security , as recommended by the European Parliament 's 2007 report .
If climate change were on the agenda for Hu 's upcoming trip , the meeting , whether or not it is designated a `` state visit , '' could be one of historic consequence .
But looking down on the scene from the half-finished Morgan Centre , the luxury apartment complex -LRB- where annual rents are $ 800,000 -RRB- and seven-star hotel that is arising beside the Olympic site , one is awestruck not only by the project 's grandeur , but by its design daring .
Below , like some latticed popover , is the Herzog & de Meuron-designed `` birds nest '' Olympic Stadium . Beside it is the stunning `` water cube , '' or Aquatics Center , of Chinese\/Australian design .
The recent `` stress tests '' of European banks were blatantly designed as a confidence-building measure rather than a genuine exploration of possible systemic weaknesses -- failing , for instance , to include the possibility of default on Greek sovereign debt .
Convergence is on the way , but minimizing its global costs requires redesigning the Bretton Woods institutions to meet the challenges faced by emerging countries .
This election is taking place because when the AKP party , the conservative party now in power , designated Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul as its candidate for president , the country 's secular elite cringed .
Instead , countries are committed only to enforcing their own labor laws , which often seem designed to prevent workers from joining a union .
Further down the chain of supervision , research institutions are designated to `` manage '' their own conflicts of interests as well as those of their investigators .
The truth is that the tests were not designed to find answers .
This means that unions should not leave the complex financial problems of designing pensions entirely to governments .
Moreover , designing new risk-management products is not easy .
As the name implies , livelihood insurance is designed to provide more than just a brief respite or a subsidy for retraining .
Of course , Chinese increasingly consume fancy new cars and designer clothes .
But if government programs designed to promote saving by low-income people do n't tie up their money for many years until retirement , they will often succumb to temptation and spend the money frivolously .
We design contracts around imperfect trustworthiness and construct elaborate institutions that take account of the hills and valleys of human honor .
An article by Ernst Fehr at the University of Zurich and Alexander Klein and Klaus Schmidt at the University of Munich in the January 2007 issue of the journal Econometrica shows how people design economic relationships based on their knowledge of the circumstances in which people are trustworthy .
For example , we need stronger consumer protection for retail financial products , stricter disclosure requirements for new securities , and better-designed vehicles for hedging risks .
Intellectual property law -- patents and copyrights -- is the clearest example of a government policy designed to stimulate creativity .
The recent expansion of patent protection is designed to prevent these problems and to bring a faster pace of innovation .
The label would be designed for those who are less motivated and\/or able to read these prospectuses .
This design helped spread the earthquake risk from Japan to foreign investors , who could accept the risk and were enticed by higher expected yields .
So new risk management institutions need to be devised . They should use markets , rather than state guarantees , and while they should not be mandatory , they must be designed in accordance with humans ' psychological limitations , so that people will use them .
By selecting particular villages and providing basic health care , bed nets to stop malaria , primary education , better seeds , and other agricultural assistance , the organization aims to show that well-designed , comprehensive aid plans can , at relatively modest cost , raise people out of poverty .
The city is also seeking less energy-intensive designs for new buildings .
Quite apart from these weak attempts to justify Bush 's statement as `` technically accurate , '' the more serious charge is that even if what Bush said really were technically accurate , it still would have been designed to mislead the world into thinking that Iraq had been trying to buy uranium in Africa .
The designer Nathalie Rykiel is reportedly planning to show the new Sonia Rykiel collection in March not in the usual vast rented area , but in the smaller space of her own boutique . `` It 's a desire for intimacy , to go back to values , '' she told the International Herald Tribune .
If people were really concerned about defensible moral values , they would n't be buying designer clothes at all .
The Unknown Promise of Internet Freedom MELBOURNE -- Google has withdrawn from China , arguing that it is no longer willing to design its search engine to block information that the Chinese government does not wish its citizens to have .
So occultists now will no doubt have a fine time with the fact that Craig Venter was the driving force behind the team of scientists that last month announced that they had created a synthetic form of life : a bacterium with a genome designed and created from chemicals in a laboratory .
At a more practical level , Venter said , the team 's work has produced `` a very powerful set of tools '' for redesigning life .
That battle was lost in 1980 , when the United States Supreme Court decided that a genetically modified micro-organism designed to clean up oil spills could be patented .
Patenting life was taken a step further in 1984 , when Harvard University successfully applied for a patent on its `` oncomouse , '' a laboratory mouse specifically designed to get cancer easily , so that it would be more useful as a research tool .
There are good grounds for objecting to turning a sentient being into a patented laboratory tool , but it is not so easy to see why patent law should not cover newly designed bacteria or algae , which can feel nothing and may be as useful as any other invention .
One day , we may be able to design bacteria that can quickly , safely , and effectively clean up oil spills .
Tucker was working with a colleague to design a refuge that could save thousands of lives if -- or rather , when -- a tsunami like the one in 1797 that came out of the Indian Ocean , some 600 miles southeast of where the 2004 Asian tsunami originated , strikes again .
This is not a problem of immigration as such , but of poorly designed domestic social and labor market institutions .
Although designed before the current crisis , these models seem to fit current observations rather well : banks lending to entrepreneurs who could never repay , and asset prices changing even if there were no changes in conditions .
The state , however , is a political construction , designed to keep the peace in an economically viable territory .
Goldman whiz-kid Fabrice Tourre is charged with having created a complicated security that was designed to fail .
Presumably , McCain 's League of Democracies is designed to bring Immanuel Kant 's dream of perpetual peace closer to realization by putting pressure on non-democracies to change their ways , by force if necessary .
The UN was created under rules designed to enable states of different political colors to live together .
Their design for constitutional democracy ensured , in James Madison 's words , that ambition would counter ambition and `` the interests of the man '' would be `` connected to the constitutional rights of the place . ''
A fundamental break with this millennia-long pattern came only with widespread adoption of the first practical mechanical prime mover able to convert the heat of fuel combustion -- James Watt 's improved steam engine , designed in the 1780 's .
Economic globalization would have been impossible without the diesel engines that power enormous crude and liquefied natural gas tankers , bulk cargo vessels transporting iron ore and grain , and massive container ships : some of them now have unit capacities close to 100 MW , but their basic design was mastered within two decades of Diesel 's test of his final engine prototype in 1897 .
And intercontinental flights would be an even greater trial without the gas turbines invented in the 1930 's by Frank Whittle -LRB- who thought about turbofans , now the dominant commercial design , even before he built the first turbojet -RRB- and Joachim Pabst von Ohain .
Indeed , politicians , eager to look good in the eyes of angry voters , are often more interested in setting limits to total compensation than they are in designing the optimal form of compensation .
All of this is part of the transatlantic community 's continuing transformation from a set of organizations designed to defend territory against a known aggressor to something more flexible and dynamic .
It is designed to preserve international financial markets , not the stability of emerging economies on the periphery .
Until recently , IMF rescue programs were designed to enable debtor countries to meet their obligations .
A few producing countries volunteered to be pilot cases in which the government and all the companies involved would disclose revenues and their use according to templates designed by the UK team .
The EU is left in an untenable position , with an enlarged membership of 27 states and a governing structure designed for six .
It has already been designated to be used for the benefit of the least developed countries .
By design , the euro was an incomplete currency at its launch .
NEW YORK -- The architects of the euro knew that it was incomplete when they designed it .
They labored under the misconception that financial markets can correct their own excesses , so the rules were designed to rein in only public-sector excesses .
? The Federal Reserve , the European Central Bank , the Bank of England and the Bank of Japan could accept at their discount windows designated treasury bill issues of selected countries .
The task of the WTO is to lay down ground rules for international trade ; it is not designed to pursue other social goals .
Not only is the WTO not designed to deal with environmental protection , food safety , human rights and labor rights , but its modus operandi is unsuitable for the provision of public goods .
TRIMs are designed to provide a level playing field between foreign and domestic enterprises .
NEPAD , the New Partnership for Africa 's Development , an organization designed to promote decent and appropriate standards of economic and political development throughout the continent , has been at the core of this policy .
Enter the Maastricht Treaty , which in theory imposes fiscal discipline by placing limits on government deficits and debt levels -- clearly a structure designed to prevent free riding on the fiscal discipline of others .
The IMF will be at the center of the design and implementation of any new system , by reason of mandate and expertise .
And emerging-market growth returned to pre-crisis levels and appears to be sustainable , helped by unorthodox policies designed to `` sterilize '' massive capital inflows .
But semi-conductors , circuit boards , and other components were designed and manufactured in high middle-income countries like Korea .
Growth in exports could come with further expansion in parts of the value-added chains where the US is already competitive -LRB- finance , insurance , and computer systems design , for example -RRB- .
At the EU level , there is not yet a complementary policy response designed to halt the vicious cycle of rising yields and growth impairment now faced by Italy and Spain .
Finally , to attempt this rebalancing in the current fiscal environment without tax increases -LRB- perhaps temporary measures designed to overcome the cumulative investment shortfall -RRB- would be very unwise .
Absent coordination , there is also a risk that monetary policies designed to promote growth -LRB- or at least not impede it -RRB- will lead to a return of financial-sector distortions and imbalances .
Another problem was the bar code system designed to prevent duplicate voting . Some qualified voters did n't get their bar codes ; others feared that employers might use them to learn how they voted .
Each country will try to design its stimulus package to maximize the impact on its own citizens -- not the global impact .
Since some of the benefit -LRB- much of it in the case of small , open economies -RRB- will accrue to others , stimulus packages are likely to be smaller and more poorly designed than they otherwise would be , which is why a globally coordinated stimulus package is needed .
Their innovations focused on circumventing accounting and financial regulations designed to ensure transparency , efficiency , and stability , and to prevent the exploitation of the less informed .
· Incentive structures within banks are designed to encourage short-sighted behavior and excessive risk taking .
Given the lack of understanding of risk by investors , and deficiencies in corporate governance , bankers had an incentive not to design good incentive structures .
Those countries , like Australia , that implemented large , well designed stimulus programs early emerged from the crisis faster .
Instead , innovation was directed at perfecting the exploitation of those who are less educated , and at circumventing the regulations and accounting standards that were designed to make markets more efficient and stable .
Besides , well-designed taxes on the financial sector might help alleviate problems caused by excessive leverage and banks that are too big to fail .
These were among the risks associated with America 's insufficient stimulus , which was designed to placate members of Congress as much as it was to revive the economy .
A strong version of the so-called Volcker Rule -LRB- designed to force government-insured banks to return to their core mission of lending -RRB- might work .
Today , no one will or should trust the rating agencies , or the investment banks that purveyed flawed products -LRB- sometimes designing them to lose money -RRB- .
The US has experienced a fierce debate over bankruptcy reform , demonstrating that there is no simple answer to the appropriate design of bankruptcy law or regulation .
-LRB- To be fair , the banks tried to take advantage of the more financially sophisticated as well , as with securities created by Goldman Sachs that were designed to fail . -RRB-
In both Europe and America , the free-market ideology that allowed asset bubbles to grow unfettered -- markets always know best , so government must not intervene -- now ties policymakers ' hands in designing effective responses to the crisis .
Aid to old economy firms that spent more on avoiding taxes than in restructuring took the form of a repeal of the alternative minimum tax , a tax provision designed to limit the extent to which firms could make use of loopholes in the tax code .
Accounting rules are designed to provide standardized frameworks within which the financial position of a firm , or government , can be assessed .
The Bush Administration should admit this , and redesign a tax program to strengthen the economy by making the country live within its means .
Particularly ironic was the provision designed to restrict Chile 's use of capital controls for short-term speculative capital flows .
Instead , the Bush administration pushed ahead with tax cuts for the rich , tax cuts that were not designed to stimulate the economy and that , no surprise , have failed to stimulate the economy .
The Stability Pact holds another important lesson : casting in stone institutional arrangements designed to address the problems of the past is a recipe for failure in the future .
It never fully grasped the political and economic issues underlying the design of bankruptcy laws .
The US and Europe reneged on their promise that this would be a round of trade negotiations designed to improve the plight of developing countries .
But the international community should direct its money to humanitarian causes , such as hospitals and schools , rather than backing American designs .
Let us hope that , emerging out of today 's scandals , there will be a renewed commitment to live up to these ideals and to strengthen the institutions that were designed to enforce them .
The World Bank 's designation as a `` bank '' understates its importance and its multifaceted roles .
Similarly , so-called `` Social Funds , '' whereby communities design projects and compete for money , have enhanced participation and `` ownership '' of development projects .
The fault was not only in the magnitude of the tax cut , but also in its design ; by directing the cuts at upper-income Americans , it provided little economic stimulus .
Instead , it should pursue a `` balanced '' intellectual property regime : because knowledge itself is the most important input in the production of knowledge , a badly designed intellectual property regime can stifle innovation -- as has been the case in America in some areas .
TRIPs , the intellectual property provisions of the Uruguay round , were designed to reduce access to generic medicines -- and they succeeded .
The second lesson is that in a highly integrated world , there is a need for a credible international financial institution to design the rules of the road in ways that enhance global stability and promote economic growth in developing countries .
The dramatic decline in India 's share of global GDP under Britain 's rule , as Britain passed trade laws designed to benefit its textile producers at the expense of those in its colony , is the most visible example .
Now it has responded , with a stimulus package that is too little , too late , and badly designed .
While recognizing the challenges in designing policies to address such problems , there is an urgent need to move beyond rhetoric .
Governments need to play a developmental role , with implementation of integrated policies designed to support inclusive output and employment growth , as well as to reduce inequality and promote social justice .
Such an approach needs to be complemented by appropriate industrial investment and technology policies , and by inclusive financial facilities designed to support them .
For example , micro-credit has empowered millions of women , while important lessons have been learned from such schemes ' design and implementation .
No matter how hard they try - and Kyrgyzstan has certainly tried - they are doomed to fail without co-ordinated , well-designed and adequate assistance .
Of course , Prodi could preserve a bipolar political system -- and thus increase the longevity of his government -- by either restoring a majoritarian electoral system or pressing ahead with other constitutional amendments designed to preserve government and coalition stability .
These French social institutions are designed with a purpose : to protect the French labor market 's `` insiders . ''
Many EU leaders see newfound respect coming in the form of a `` strategic partnership '' with China that is designed to balance the power of the United States .
The ENP is designed to forge a `` circle of friends '' around the EU based on shared interests in security , economic development , the rule of law , and respect for human rights .
Turkey thus argues that the charge of genocide is designed to besmirch Turkey 's honor and impede its progress towards EU accession .
Italy 's Parliament , where Berlusconi 's ruling coalition holds an overwhelming majority , has passed four laws designed to safeguard the Prime Minister against prosecution and conviction .
So does the work of Indian fashion designers , now striding across the world 's runways .
If you restrict your search to randomized controlled trials , generally considered the most reliable design for investigating the efficacy of treatments , still more than 3,200 hits appear .
How would the new fiscal rules be designed ?
The Lisbon Treaty offers a fundamental redesign of how the Union works , but , despite the pressing need to enhance EU institutions ' mobility and flexibility , it is still awaiting ratification .
The EU drew the right conclusions when it stressed that national bank rescue packages must not be designed in ways that starve subsidiaries , and also by doubling -- to ¤ 50 billion -- the crisis funds available to EU countries outside the euro zone .
If disease trends are monitored , along with patients ' responses to treatment and the population 's exposure to risk factors , the success or failure of policies designed to prevent or control chronic diseases can be evaluated , resource allocation can be rationally prioritized , and the public can be kept fully informed of the risks that they face .
It is increasingly likely that Saakashvili 's policy is aimed at instigating bloodshed in South Ossetia or Abkhazia and putting all the blame on Russia - a strategy that appears designed to bring the Americans to the region eventually .
By design , these funds are intended to be invested outside Russia .
The intangible characteristics that make a product more than simply useful are what differentiate expensive products from cheap products , and include design , brand name , and environmental friendliness .
This is all the more true as Asian universities turn out vast numbers of engineers and other knowledge workers who are just as qualified as their European colleagues , and as brilliant in technical design as they are in optimizing the manufacturing process .
World-class design and brands already have a foothold in Europe , where creative industries are stronger that the car industry .
Politically , that debate focuses on the costs of bailouts and on tax schemes designed to `` get our money back . ''
These include higher capital ratios for systemically important banks , stricter supervision , limits on trading activity , pre-designated resolution and recovery plans , and taxes aimed not at `` getting our money back , '' but at internalizing externalities -- that is , making those at fault pay the social costs of their behavior -- and creating better incentives .
Its schools are financed by local communities and work within the framework of a national curriculum designed by the parliament and government .
Indeed , it is a failure of governance that has characterized the Stability and Growth Pact , designed -LRB- largely by Germany -RRB- to ensure sound macroeconomic policy by limiting national debt and deficit ratios .
The design of optimal regulation has to take into account the intensity of competition in the different banking segments .
By failing to distinguish adequately normal distress and eccentricity from disorder , the DSM-5 's proposals threaten to increase dramatically the types of abuses that the DSM was designed to prevent .
He also sought to shift the sense of crisis away from economics to politics -LRB- where he retained an iron grip -RRB- by removing his designated heir , Anwar Ibrahim , who was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance .
Outsiders are increasingly convinced that China is a superpower , and that it needs to show that it can be a responsible one . But China 's rulers only sometimes embrace the designation -- and the Party still sometimes behaves as if it had only a tenuous hold on power .
The US political system was never designed to rule the world .
Although Russian designers can still develop first-class weapons , Russia 's defense companies , which have yet to recover from the traumatic disintegration of the Soviet military-industrial complex , remain unable to manufacture large numbers of the most advanced systems .
Beyond these specific BMD discussions , US arms-control efforts with Russia currently focus on strategic stability talks and other dialogues designed to establish a favorable conceptual foundation for the next round of formal arms-control negotiations .
Moreover , both benefits and harms of all trials must be published within a reasonable timeframe , and properly designed , non-industry-funded trials are needed to confirm both safety and efficacy .
Instead , they have built an apparatus designed to `` defend the president '' and insure victory .
For example , some countries want to develop smaller and `` usable '' nuclear weapons designed for pre-emptive or preventive military action .
As for Europeans , they are unhappy about pressure to participate in a US-led `` global war on terror '' that they regard as dangerous and misconceived , and to go along with policies seemingly designed to antagonize their more difficult neighbors like Russia and the Islamic world .
The removal by the US of some noneconomic sanctions designed to restrict official bilateral interaction is welcome , and an even greater relaxation in communications , through both official and unofficial channels , should be implemented .
Day after day , the talented Palestinian team of animators , puppeteers , designers , cameramen , and producers could not get to work -- even as the Israeli team was churning out their own material in a brightly lit , well-funded studio in Tel Aviv .
A clearly designated `` enemy '' with an unmistakable `` plan '' is psychologically more comforting than the chaotic evolution of social norms and the workings -- or failures -- of unfettered capitalism .
But the proper course of action is that taken in Nuremberg , The Hague , Sierra Leone , and after the Bosnian conflict : prosecute those who designed , approved , and implemented the policy of torture and rendition , however high the chain of commission goes -- including the lawyers who justified legal perversions that led to torture and murder -- rather than targeting those farther down the chain of command .
Rightly so : the Pact is ill-conceived and its implementation ill-designed .
The EU , by design , increases economic competition , but France is ill equipped .
The death of Kuwait 's ruler , Sheikh Jaber al-Sabah , on January 15 , 2006 , was followed by unprecedented national disquiet , which led to the rapid abdication of his designated successor , Saad Al Sabah .
Although most do not support Pakistan 's Pervez Musharraf , Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak , or the al-Saud family , they see hypocrisy in Western criticism of these leaders that is designed to manipulate and marginalize -- after all , the West does not really want to push these regimes too far .
Today , the Saudi regime uses Mecca 's status among Muslims in a calculated way designed to reassert the Kingdom 's paramount status as the Islamic world 's `` leading state . ''
When the world 's nations decided in favor of the creation of an independent Jewish state , they did not designate it only for the 600,000 Jews then living there .
The gap between the cost of carbon-free and carbon-emitting technology fell , and the taxes designed to mitigate emissions became more effective .
To make a real difference , especially in the near term , the world must combine mitigation and adaptation with increased research and development into carbon-saving and sequestering technology , which in turn requires designing and exploiting market-based incentives .
Yet a road map for a peaceful transition can be designed .
The current exchange-rate regime , which links the RMB to a basket of currencies , was designed to give the PBC leeway to control the pace of RMB appreciation , while creating two-way fluctuations in the exchange rate against the US dollar in order to discourage speculators from making one-way bets on the RMB .
The lead story in a recent issue of the Daily Graphic , Ghana 's most influential newspaper , was designed to shock : `` Four Gay Men Jailed . ''
Africa also offers a testing ground for Asian-designed technologies that are not yet ready for US or European markets .
But with India 's vast internal market , many designers have an incentive to improve it .
How many designers in America or Europe can say the same ?
Indeed , equating financial liberalization with privileges for cities designated as `` financial centers '' undermines the very goals of liberalization -- namely , to reduce government control and to accelerate the development of financial markets .
If we assume that a causal relationship exists , the European directive seems to be fairly well designed , with one main shortcoming .
It is well designed because it interferes not with the level of compensation -LRB- as many have demanded -RRB- , but with the form that this compensation takes .
The EFSF , created to assist countries facing `` illiquidity , '' is designed exactly like a CDO .
