It is surprising that while the Italian government is busy redesigning the regulatory and supervisory structure of the country 's financial institutions and financial markets , nothing is being said about independent directors and accounting firms .
Infosys is redesigning every aspect of how it provides lighting , cooling , water , and transportation to their more than 100,000 employees , and aiming to reduce costs ten-fold in the process .
This is the single most important challenge facing Calderón ; designing and building new institutions should be his first priority .
Dimon , the Chairman and CEO of J.P. Morgan , has been making his contrarian views known to regulators , most recently almost coming to blows , according to eyewitnesses , in a spat with Governor of the Bank of Canada Mark Carney , who chairs a group that is designing parts of the new regime .
Moreover , the government officials , lobbyists , and interest groups doing the designing may not have the public interest in mind -- or even know what the public interest happens to be .
After all , the Founding Fathers were keen on redesigning the infant American economy .
Technocracy was Keynes 's faith : skilled experts designing and fine-tuning institutions out of the goodness of their hearts to make possible general prosperity &#45; &#45; as Keynes , indeed , did at Bretton Woods where the World Bank and IMF were created .
Furthermore , an External Stability Pact would oblige governments to take into account the consequences for other member states when designing national economic reforms .
So , rather than worrying that they might be approaching a Lehman Brothers moment , European policymakers would be better off designing a Greek debt deal tailored , like the Brady Plan , to avoid this fate .
This would cost Germany control over the quality of its credit , just as the replacement of the Bundesbank by the ECB implied Germany 's loss of control over the quality of its currency -LRB- though it was given a large role in designing the ECB -RRB- .
We must acknowledge the complexity of the economic issues before us and listen more in designing the necessary and appropriate responses .
Soviet engineers began designing Sputnik in January 1956 .
While designing the master plan for the Beijing Games , Speer Jr. , an acclaimed architect and town planner , also sought , like his father , to create a futuristic global metropolis .
This will mean designing foreign partnerships with a view to ensuring that local businesses benefit from technology transfer and training , thereby generating higher value-added in domestic production and exports .
They invited policymakers from the emerging giants to become more involved in designing a new global economic framework -- implicitly suggesting that this has not been the case so far .
By designing educational and social protection policies that strengthen the individual , Scandinavian politicians have sought to promote change rather than prevent it .
Legal problems could also be overcome in the short term by designing Eurobonds to include credit guarantees , repayment priorities , and the use of specific tax streams as collateral .
Of course , this task is more difficult and time consuming than designing general standards , but the payoff may be worth it .
The Convention worked in full transparency for more than a year , designing a single , consolidated draft Treaty that was agreed upon by a broad consensus among its members .
Redesigning Capitalism PARIS -- When the heads of state of the world 's 20 largest economies come together on short notice , as they just did in Washington , D.C. , it is clear how serious the current global crisis is .
That is a pity , because economists ' understanding of the substantive issues , professional obsession with incentives , and attention to unanticipated consequences give them a natural advantage in designing institutional arrangements to further the objectives in question while minimizing behavioral distortions .
Surely , as the economists Arvind Subramanian and John Williamson have written , emerging markets deserve the IMF 's help in designing better prudential controls over capital inflows instead of having their wrists slapped .
We currently do n't know much about designing capital-control regimes .
Second , countries where bond-market vigilantes have not yet awakened -- the US , the UK , and Japan -- should maintain their fiscal stimulus while designing credible fiscal consolidation plans to be implemented later over the medium term .
Convergence is on the way , but minimizing its global costs requires redesigning the Bretton Woods institutions to meet the challenges faced by emerging countries .
This means that unions should not leave the complex financial problems of designing pensions entirely to governments .
Moreover , designing new risk-management products is not easy .
At a more practical level , Venter said , the team 's work has produced `` a very powerful set of tools '' for redesigning life .
Indeed , politicians , eager to look good in the eyes of angry voters , are often more interested in setting limits to total compensation than they are in designing the optimal form of compensation .
Today , no one will or should trust the rating agencies , or the investment banks that purveyed flawed products -LRB- sometimes designing them to lose money -RRB- .
In both Europe and America , the free-market ideology that allowed asset bubbles to grow unfettered -- markets always know best , so government must not intervene -- now ties policymakers ' hands in designing effective responses to the crisis .
While recognizing the challenges in designing policies to address such problems , there is an urgent need to move beyond rhetoric .
To make a real difference , especially in the near term , the world must combine mitigation and adaptation with increased research and development into carbon-saving and sequestering technology , which in turn requires designing and exploiting market-based incentives .
