Tony Blair 's endorsement of Bush 's Middle East designs showed that an imbalance of power in an alliance always causes the weaker partner to become subservient .
In Egypt , Mubarak turned his back on the lofty rhetoric of Gamal Abdel-Nasser 's revolution and its grand strategic designs .
The US retreated from its democratic designs once it realized that Arab democracy is not being identified with the liberal secular opposition , a political force that practically does not exist in the Arab world , but with Islamic radicals that are seek to repudiate America 's policies and the cause of reconciliation with Israel .
Whatever route is taken , the great question today concerns the enigma that is Bibi Netanyahu , a would-be Churchill who believes that his mission is to thwart the designs of Iran 's evil new Shia empire , something which requires the goodwill of the international community , particularly of the Obama administration .
Indeed , Saudi Arabia views political empowerment of Iraq 's Shia majority as a calamity of historic proportions , a view vindicated by Iraq 's outspoken support of Iranian designs in the Gulf .
Until recently , the region was divided into two camps : an incoherent and weakened moderate Arab alignment , and an `` Axis of Resistance , '' formed by Iran , Syria , Hamas , and Hezbollah , against American and Israeli designs for the region .
The issue of water emissions can be addressed by designs that enable long-haul aircraft to cruise below 9,000 meters .
Such designs could be enabled by using circulation control for high lift and employed at cruising altitude for ride quality . The resulting STOL -LRB- short takeoff and landing -RRB- performance could also improve airport productivity .
There are experimental designs , using twins , that can find out the extent to which intelligence and mortality are linked because they share environmental and genetic influences .
Borrowing from the open-software movement , Räsänen and his colleagues want to make the idea and the basic designs free , and encourage lots of companies all over the world to implement it locally .
The French authorities have now taken this approach a step further with the creation of a Fonds stratégique d'investissement -LRB- FSI -RRB- , which aims to protect domestic capital from the predatory designs of foreign investors .
It is less important , for instance , to steal a copy of North Korea 's bomb designs than to know the morale and capability of its scientists .
Over the course of a few decades , major city centers across the world began to resemble each other much more closely , with the same brands , designs , and lifestyles .
Internet communication in modern China is filled with baits and traps : user-friendly Web page designs , easy-to-click icons and symbolized facial expressions , beautiful female stars in online ads and constantly updated international news induce users to participate and express their own ideas .
I speak as someone who has been on the receiving end of Russian imperialist designs .
Moldova has been particularly helpless in the face of the Kremlin 's imperial designs .
It is about fresh ideas that give rise to novel products , services , and processes , new management methods , and original designs and inventions that generate greater profits for firms , regions and countries .
For many Arabs , the vote showed that Turkey was not an American lackey and would not cooperate with American imperial designs , despite close Turkish-Israeli relations .
The first significant obstacle in the way of Russia 's designs on Georgia was intervention by the US , which demanded that the Georgian government drop negotiations with Gazprom and banned Georgia from selling the gas pipeline that connects Russia and Armenia through Georgian territory .
When the failures described above occurred , engineers were sensitized to their own limitations and so approached subsequent designs - no matter of what kind of bridge - with renewed respect for the laws and forces of nature .
Obviously , the cartels ' leaders do not have designs on Mexico 's presidential palace .
But when it comes to industrial policy , it is the United States that takes the cake . This is ironic , because the term `` industrial policy '' is anathema in American political discourse . It is used almost exclusively to browbeat political opponents with accusations of Stalinist economic designs .
European efforts to induce Teheran to renounce its nuclear designs by addressing Iran 's legitimate security concerns and offering important opportunities for economic and social betterment can not be successful without active US support .
This is true not only in automobiles , but also in the choice of energy systems , building designs , urban planning , and food systems -LRB- remembering that food production and transport account for around one-sixth of total greenhouse gas emissions -RRB- .
The Kremlin will learn that lesson only if Europe designs , adopts , and sticks to an energy strategy that lessens its dependence on Russian supplies and builds its own common foreign policy on energy security , as recommended by the European Parliament 's 2007 report .
The city is also seeking less energy-intensive designs for new buildings .
But the international community should direct its money to humanitarian causes , such as hospitals and schools , rather than backing American designs .
