All of this is designed to reinforce one point : the Gaza withdrawal belongs to Hamas .
Driven by real needs on the ground , projects are designed and implemented by recipients , and its procedures and operations are transparent .
The minister for education would do her country a profound service if she were to re-allocate resources to courses designed to train export promoters .
This process is supposedly designed to `` guarantee '' that the best are appointed .
The US Constitution , though reshaped , amended , and adapted to fit changing times , reflects its origins as a document written and designed to protect private property against the predations of the State .
Combine this with the generous retirement rules that were designed in the 1970 's , when the post-war baby-boomers were just about to join the labor market and the welfare state seemed to be free of budget constraints , and you create an entitlement that no one wants to tinker with .
A new club called `` Zone '' -- Russian slang for a concentration camp -- is designed to reproduce the feeling of gulag life .
The attic of the presidential residence was designed as a belly of the seventeenth-century ship .
Throughout the developing world , most health-care systems are designed to cope with episodes of infectious disease .
But as the current financial crisis demonstrates , where financial innovation is designed to circumvent regulation or taxation , we need to be more circumspect .
Leveraging a mixture of administrative guidance and monetary incentives , the city government plans to reduce the share of garments in the output of textiles products by 25 % in three years and to increase the industrial applications of chemical fibers , which promise much higher returns than apparel production . Already , according to local officials , the city 's factories have acquired the ability to mass-produce super-thin fibers first designed in Japan .
Their progress , therefore , depends on real improvement in the quality of an education system that was designed for the Brazil of the past .
Meanwhile , Yushchenko was forced to accept a poorly designed political reform full of traps .
ITER is not designed to produce electricity , but to study the stability of the flame in the magnet .
But nothing can be both leak-proof and porous , and ITER is not designed to study this contradiction .
How could pay arrangements be redesigned to address these problems ?
In addition , bonus compensation should be redesigned .
To avoid rewards for short-term performance and focus on long-term results , pay structures need to be re-designed .
Similarly , bonus compensation should be redesigned to reward long-term performance .
Such patterns may raise concerns among shareholders that pay structures are not well designed to serve their interests .
But pay in financial firms also raises a second important source of concern : even if compensation structures are designed in the interests of shareholders , they may produce incentives for excessive risk-taking that are socially undesirable .
As Gates put it in his West Point address , the US Army would no longer be `` a Victorian nation-building constabulary designed to chase guerrillas , build schools , or sip tea . ''
Moreover , with the West focused on the formidable challenges posed by the Arab revolts , Iran finds it easier to divert the world 's attention from its nuclear program , and to circumvent the international sanctions regime designed to curtail its efforts to acquire nuclear weapons .
In the early 1970 's , when it was still an overwhelmingly agrarian country and Islamization was just gaining momentum , Malaysia embarked on its so-called `` New Economic Policy '' -LRB- NEP -RRB- , designed to help the majority Malays gain a bigger share of the country 's wealth .
But the realities of politics in today 's Europe do not allow for the sort of document the signatories really wanted to draft , so the constitution that they did write is designed to establish a process of evolutionary change that will motivate further improvements along the way - improvement that will , it is hoped , one day obliterate the very arrangements today 's EU Constitution is setting up .
It will require years of hard work to reconcile America 's resources and requirements , and to ensure that its initiatives can once again be seen as designed not to serve narrow US ideologies , but to advance a fair international order .
Cheap Asian televisions gave Western households the wherewithal to purchase PC 's powered by Intel microprocessors and Microsoft software , which are designed by engineering graduates who would otherwise have worked for TV manufacturers .
In Ontario during the blackout , reactors designed to unlink from the grid automatically and remain in standby mode instead went into full shutdown , with only two of twelve reactors behaving as expected .
And the means , however `` boring . '' must be appropriate to realizing this commitment : a combination of sustainable retirement systems , better designed unemployment benefit systems , negative income taxes , training programs , and the like . Only by employing the rhetoric of commitment to mobilize the troops while devoting careful attention to the center 's concern with methods can the left hope to return to power .
The potential significance of these elections must be understood in the context not only of the recession and financial crisis , and the government interventions designed to deal with them , but also in the broader sweep of the historical evolution of these countries ' welfare states .
America 's massive $ 787 billion fiscal stimulus , ostensibly designed to combat recession and create jobs -LRB- but so far ineffective -RRB- contained immense sums for subsidies to particular industries and technologies , almost $ 40 billion for clean-energy programs alone .
To avoid contagion from Argentina 's financial crisis , the IMF agreed a $ 30 billion package with Brazil in August designed to stabilize markets and avoid the need for the Central Bank to exhaust Brazil 's reserves defending the currency .
Western peoples have not always lived up to their universalist ideals , but they have in modern times built institutions designed to implement them , in Europe and beyond .
Legally , this should probably be the point where words are designed to result in violence .
Still , Islamist rhetoric , adopted by Ahmedinejad among others , is deliberately designed to stir up memories of the Shoah .
Exciting new buildings , designed by the world 's most famous architects , will make Beijing and Shanghai look like models of twenty-first century modernity .
The crisis has shattered the belief that well designed microprudential rules alone are sufficient .
The wall is designed to surround a truncated Palestine completely , and a network of exclusive highways will cut across what is left of Palestine to connect Israel with the Jordan River Valley .
Any step designed to hold Sudan 's leaders accountable for their crimes is therefore most welcome .
Mexico 's current institutions were designed and built for an authoritarian rule , not for democracy , and they worked while Mexico was governed by a single party , the PRI .
Second , while the succession arrangement that the Castros designed years ago has the advantage of stability and predictability , Raúl will be unable to replace the old guard with younger leaders -LRB- his successor in the Armed Forces is 72 and his vice-president is 77 -RRB- .
The establishment of `` Comprehensive Institution-Building Programs , '' designed to support reform of key institutions in each partner country , should take place before the year 's end .
This means that adjuvant cancer therapy , designed to kill presumed micrometastatic disease , may be missing an important fraction of disseminated cancer cells , some of which may eventually wake up .
And that is largely the result of Obama 's botched strategy , whose twin troop surges were designed not to rout the Taliban militarily , but to strike a political deal with them from a position of strength .
The Great Western Route , centered on the Tibetan Plateau , is designed to divert waters , including from international rivers , to the Yellow River , the main river of water-stressed northern China , which also originates in Tibet .
Aid to poor societies in the form of programs designed to expose their students and workers to the experience of living and working in the US before returning home will be more effective than trying to make these societies ' governments and institutions more like those of the advanced economies .
Nevertheless , Anita Silvers , a philosopher at San Francisco State University and a disability scholar and activist , has described such treatments as `` tyranny of the normal , '' aimed at adjusting the deaf to a world designed by the hearing , ultimately implying the inferiority of deafness .
The Self-Defense Forces -LRB- SDF -RRB- that emerged during the 1950 's were designed -LRB- in theory -RRB- only to defend Japan from attack .
If the government could identify how the economy needed to be restructured and provide incentives to move resources more quickly in that direction , a properly designed program could alleviate and shorten the recession .
But a targeted assistance designed to improve the operations of Iraq 's police and government could help reduce violence .
That is the subject of the EU Convention now underway in Brussels , and which is designed to pave the way for a new treaty-making conference next year .
A regulator-designed banking system would make that aim more difficult to achieve .
Intelligent Economic Design BERKELEY -- As Stephen Cohen , with whom I wrote The End of Influence : What Happens When Other Countries Have the Money , likes to say , economies do not evolve ; they are , rather , intelligently designed .
Add steep tariffs on imported manufactured goods -- rammed through over the angry protests of farmers and southern planters -- and you have the policies that intelligently designed much of nineteenth - and early twentieth-century America .
This history is worth reviewing because America is poised for another debate over whether its economy evolves or is designed , with President Barack Obama 's opponents claiming that whatever is good in America 's economy has always evolved with no guidance , and that whatever is bad has been designed by government .
A well-designed tax on oil would also reduce demand , thereby lowering the potential for windfall profits for those who rule or own the ground over the oil deposits .
A decade later , we have high oil prices , but they are not due to a well-designed tax , either in America or elsewhere .
The CPS survey was never designed to do this , but it offered the most favorable gloss on the Bush administration 's dreadful record on employment .
The first two priorities , if well designed and well implemented , are certainly honorable goals for a government to pursue .
It chose something different entirely : big tax cuts , yes , but tax cuts that were badly designed from a genuine supply-side perspective aimed at boosting growth , as well as Democratic domestic spending priorities , but very badly implemented .
This kind of action is more likely to win back a skeptical citizenry than any information campaign , however well designed .
Instead , what Latin America 's people get in the democratic era is a lot of public works -- bridges , highways , and massive structures that are designed to elicit short-term political support .
The continent needs measures that are designed to encourage savings and investment , improve labor utilization , and upgrade failed educational systems .
The second round of stress tests by the European Banking Authority is ostensibly designed with this end in mind .
Their statements were designed to beat Greek politicians into submission , and may have succeeded , at least for now .
It is important to keep in perspective what the responsibility to protect is about , and what the principle was designed to achieve .
Military action expressly designed to kill Qaddafi or force him into exile , to ensure a rebel victory in a civil war , or to achieve a more open and responsive system of government in Libya is not permissible under the explicit terms of Resolution 1973 .
Israel claims its actions in Gaza and Lebanon are designed to safeguard its own security .
It sometimes happens that a drastic action designed to prevent an unacceptable disaster may make the disaster worse .
Unfortunately , the fiscal stimulus was not well enough designed to get the economy onto a strong , self-sustaining growth path .
The Berlusconi government recently passed a budget bill designed to raise tax revenue and to bring the economy to a balanced budget by 2013 .
It must never be forgotten that the EU is a project designed for mutual economic progress .
In any case , the Maastricht rules were never designed for a perfect storm like the one triggered by the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 .
The US has not seen a treason prosecution since World War II , and Germany has , arguably , abolished treason in the traditional sense , retaining only a general crime of sedition designed to protect the government from overthrow by anti-democratic forces .
The accusatorial system is designed for those relatively rare cases when error slips through the peer-review net , resulting in some concrete damage to health or the environment , or causing the corruption of later research that assumes the validity of fraudulent work .
The large ornamental codices of the early Middle Ages gave way to portable `` handbooks '' designed for the lighter touch of a quill pen .
These rules are designed for people with reference material at their disposal but no authority to evaluate it .
The Science Citation Index , originally designed to help researchers discern aggregate trends in increasingly complex subject domains sciences , has helped measure productivity .
As early as October 2008 , when the crisis first hit , China 's government adopted a comprehensive policy package designed to prevent the economy from sliding further .
After all , T3 was designed by a Briton , and has incorporated the most recent architectural and operational trends , styles , and standards in the world .
So , just as judicious use of pesticides can control invasive species , a therapeutic strategy designed to maintain a stable , tolerable tumor volume could improve a patient 's prospects for survival by allowing sensitive cells to suppress the growth of resistant ones .
Policies designed to make redistribution more efficient need not hamper growth itself .
Deadly mutations of any kind need to be identified urgently , so that an effective vaccine can be designed before the strain becomes comfortable in the human body .
Dams -- provided they are adequately sized and designed -- can contribute to human development by fighting climate change and regulating water supply .
Russia can be effective in dealing with these issues only if it becomes a competent global actor . Yet many assume that world politics should be designed to bypass Russia .
The first choice is bound to imply elaborate measures designed to deliver `` more of the same '' -- a strengthening of the Stability and Growth Pact , for example , with more provisions for economic policy surveillance and cooperation .
Governments can take these steps if they introduce and expand programs designed to assist those who would lose their jobs as a result of trade liberalization .
Working with Russia , the EU , and the UN , the US developed a roadmap designed to take us in stages toward this goal .
In the long run , the US needs to generate domestic and international support for regional and global arrangements designed to manage the defining problems of this era , from the spread of nuclear materials and terrorism to maintaining an open world economy and slowing climate change .
President Jacques Chirac of France , but also Brazil 's leftist president , Lula da Silva support a tax on airline tickets designed to finance poor countries ' development . Similarly , the centrist leader François Bayrou , has proposed imposing a `` Tobin tax '' -LRB- named after its creator , the Nobel laureate economist James Tobin -RRB- on financial transactions , with the proceeds to be used to support socially worthy causes .
This so-called democratic transition , a process designed solely by dictators and with input only from the regime 's loyalists , will result in continued dictatorship .
Before Burma 's fate is sealed in a new-model dictatorship , the United Nations must immediately and vigorously embark on a fresh process designed to deliver national reconciliation and democracy to that troubled country .
Policies designed for one fault line are not necessarily appropriate for the latter .
There is little doubt that evolution designed people to have a propensity to become sad after such situations .
If your mobile phone was assembled in India , but developed and designed in Finland , is it an Indian or a Finnish product ?
Although manufactured in China and Vietnam , shoes were designed , developed , and marketed in Europe .
Next week 's Commonwealth heads of government summit in Nigeria is a make or break moment for the New Partnership for Africa 's Development -LRB- NEPAD -RRB- , the initiative designed by Africans to modernize Africa 's governments and economies .
IBM built up a massively dominant position because it leased a carefully custom-designed and individualized package .
Indeed , financial stress tests -- designed to estimate the likelihood of bank failures in the event of bad economic news -- are intended to be the equivalent of cardiac stress tests . And , like most cardiac stress tests , the primary aim is to reassure .
Some concepts that are designed as criticisms are quickly inverted to become celebratory .
The changes that we are advocating are designed to target specific areas of need instead of strengthening health system capacity .
The two governments will certainly use Hu 's visit to celebrate the anniversary with new programs designed to enhance bilateral understanding and friendship .
Some of these were driven by demand , food production for example , and many of the most revolutionary were supported by well-designed government policy , such as the construction of railways and the rapid development of mobile telephony .
The worker used a low-cost diagnostic kit to confirm the malaria diagnosis , circumventing the need for a microscope and laboratory ; a smart phone to key in the test results and receive advice from an `` expert system '' designed by public-health specialists ; and state-of-the-art combination drug therapy to cure the illness .
These judicial protections are designed to protect the mentally insane , not the mentally retarded .
An existing border dispute was used as a pretext to launch a swift invasion -LRB- one that caught Nehru 's India by surprise -RRB- , inflict a humiliating defeat , and then stage a seemingly magnanimous unilateral withdrawal designed to highlight India 's impotence .
The appearance of such clear gluonic structures was unexpected ; the experiments at HERA were not designed to study them .
But the precision experiments required to measure the strong force can be designed and built with known technology .
Arab leaders old and new will implement policies designed to alleviate popular dissatisfaction .
This is the crux of the Lisbon Treaty , which is designed to usher in new institutions and mechanisms aimed at creating more politically cohesive EU external policies .
But America failed to develop a coherent public rationale for its planned deployment of a system designed to destroy a missile fired by a rogue regime .
Fisheries policy is designed to allow small fish to grow .
The British and Chinese governments in the 1980 's designed Hong Kong 's awkward political system during their negotiations over the eventual transfer of sovereignty . Its purpose was to ensure that the will of the public could not be fully expressed through the ballot box .
Medical errors are so frequent that the World Health Organization has designed guidelines to ensure patient safety .
Early childhood development projects -- designed to improve children 's physical , intellectual , and social development -- form a third effective set of redistributive policies .
This reform should be packaged with a careful evaluation of the regulatory climate for business , designed to eliminate or streamline the rules .
The main deviation has been the past two years of record-high food prices , caused not by climate change but by the policies designed to combat it : the dash for ethanol , which put food into cars and thus upward pressure on food prices .
Of course , carbon cuts are not designed only to tackle malaria . But , for every problem that global warming will exacerbate -- hurricanes , hunger , flooding -- we could achieve tremendously more through cheaper , direct policies today .
New houses will be designed to deal with warmer temperatures .
The most efficient , global carbon cuts -- designed to keep temperature increases under two degrees Celsius -- would cost $ 40 trillion a year by 2100 , according to research by Richard Tol for the Copenhagen Consensus Center .
So far , however , the NDP has missed every opportunity imaginable to gain popular support by proposing a reform program designed to bring real increases in public participation .
For example , value-added tax is designed to encourage firms to procure invoices for their inputs in order to reduce their own tax outlays .
Partnerships with foreign companies were designed to allow local businesses to benefit from technology transfer and training , while creating the most favorable conditions for local producers to add value to domestic production and exports .
One reason is the set of ill-designed development strategies that the IMF and the World Bank have implemented in the region for nearly half a century .
Their loans were designed to perpetuate Africa 's role as a supplier of raw materials , while entangling the continent in an inextricable web of debts and dependency on the `` aid industry . ''
New departments and state secretaries with clearly designed purposes were introduced .
The constitutional treaty was originally designed to streamline the system , and it was only later that it was over-enthusiastically expanded into the lengthy and pompous document that is now a dead letter .
This was among the problems that the EU 's controversial Lisbon treaty was designed to fix .
As the two most significant global trading powers , the United States and China , especially , must fight tendencies in their own countries to raise hidden barriers or take inappropriate retaliatory action designed to placate domestic public opinion .
While aggressively marketing tobacco products , they also waged a successful public relations campaign designed to create uncertainty about the destructive and lethal characteristics of their products .
Margaret Chan , the head of the World Health Organization , and Yukiya Amano , director of the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- , noted in a recent article that most developing countries ' health-care systems are designed to cope with infectious diseases rather than cancer .
This strategy emphasizes the maintenance of an extensive law enforcement apparatus designed to eliminate any incipient organized opposition .
A special 30,000-strong police unit monitors and screens Internet traffic , advanced technology is deployed to block access to overseas Web sites considered `` hostile or harmful , '' and Internet service and content providers , both domestic and Western , must comply with onerous restrictions designed to suppress political dissent and track down offenders .
We need well-designed systems of finance , student assessment , professional development and management , quality assurance , and monitoring and evaluation .
Should the best answer to the return of Russia 's imperial ambitions be a modern version of a Holy Alliance of stability designed to contain the world 's new maverick ?
The Eternal Wall PARIS -- Walls designed to keep people in or out -- whether they are in Berlin , Nicosia , Israel , or Korea -- are always the product of fear : East German leaders ' fear of a mass exodus by their citizens seeking freedom and dignity ; Greek and Turkish Cypriot leaders ' fear of continued war ; Israelis ' fear of terrorism ; or the North Korean leadership 's fear of `` abandonment '' by their martyred people .
On the contrary , as the possible outcomes become clearer , we will almost certainly face the need for serious and costly reductions in energy use , at least among the advanced countries , as well as costly technological advances designed to make energy use more efficient in both the advanced and developing world .
Saddam also assigned his deputy Izzat Ibrahim to lead a so-called `` faith drive . '' The campaign was designed to serve several purposes , including the suppression of any free , secular thinking .
The goal is to capture the major underlying policy shift from a highly heterogeneous portfolio of programs -- intended to support various goals in various ways and to varying degrees -- to a legislative and budgetary package designed to serve as a common strategic framework .
Many of these weapons remain deployed or designed for use within the Euro-Atlantic region .
Worse yet , her surgeries seem designed to make her resemble the actress Angelina Jolie .
Reading Fisher , one is more inclined to leave boys alone to challenge one another and test their environment , and to accept that , as she puts it , nature designed men and women to collaborate for survival . `` Collaboration '' implies free will and choice ; even primate males do not succeed by dominating or controlling females .
The constitution was designed to make a Europe of 25 members more efficient , not produce a strong federal state .
Its focus was on Western Europe , and , as one joke went , it was designed to keep the Russians out , the Germans down , and the Americans in .
Whatever the geometry of such a consultative group , it would be designed to supplement the UN in reaching decisions , and would help galvanize bureaucracies in member governments to address key transnational issues .
After the failure of the League of Nations in the 1930 's , the UN was designed to have the Security Council 's permanent members act as policemen to enforce collective security .
As one expert put it , its permanent members ' veto was designed to be like a fuse box in an electrical system : better that the lights go out than that the house burn down .
An effective leader manages and shapes the context of decisions by creating and maintaining well-designed systems .
Experts argue that well designed systems are like stage directions in a play .
The march was designed for communication , not the ostensible reason of resisting the colonial government 's prohibition on the fabrication of salt .
Indeed , too much government control , or even the appearance of it , can undercut the credibility that such networks are designed to engender .
As an editorial in The Economist recently concluded , `` America 's political system was designed to make legislation at the federal level difficult , not easy .
Yes , a full-scale military invasion would meet with a devastating defeat by superior South Korean and US military forces , whose current naval exercises in the Yellow Sea are designed to remind North Korea of this disparity .
Demonstration of military success in `` protecting '' the regime may indeed be designed to strengthen the 28-year-old general 's claim to power .
True , America 's founding fathers created a system of checks and balances designed to preserve liberty at the price of efficiency .
Ireland Votes , Europe Waits MAYNOOTH , IRELAND -- On June 12 , Irish voters will vote on the European Union 's Lisbon Treaty , the instrument designed to improve the efficiency and legitimacy of the now 27-member bloc .
The UN report observes that national economic policies and existing multilateral settings are not designed to mitigate effectively the risk of a global slowdown or to address global imbalances .
But for the US , an anti-drug policy designed by nationalist leaders whose countries account for more than half of America 's cocaine market hardly inspires confidence .
This never met any criticism from my voters , because educational policy and the social safety net were designed to lower workers ' risk aversion .
The `` many recipes '' thesis is that countries develop successfully by following eclectic policies tailored to specific local conditions rather than by following generic best-practice formulas designed by economic theorists .
Indeed , America 's secular institutions were designed to support pluralism .
But our proactive policy of rapprochement was not designed merely to serve national interests .
There are different perspectives on how Europe 's security architecture should be designed , but we all agree on the urgent need to tackle this critical challenge through constructive dialogue .
Hence , every movement designed to stigmatize or malign some group -- Jews , blacks , gays , the poor , women , and so on -- has used disgust .
This , in turn , requires a proper procedure , based on transparent competition , for the initial sale of prospecting rights , as well as a well-designed tax system to collect revenues from subsequent corporate profits .
Although it was only slightly longer than the highly successful cantilever bridge over the Forth River near Edinburgh , Scotland , the Quebec Bridge was so inadequately designed that it collapsed before it was completed .
The Tacoma Narrows Bridge was designed as state of the art , which included a strong aesthetic preference for slender structures .
But importing well-designed laws from outside a country 's borders did n't begin with communism 's fall .
So there is no agreement yet to make the EFSF permanent , and it has been designed to be as un-federal as possible .
As a result , regulatory reform must be designed in a way that minimizes short-term costs .
The purpose of Lula 's visit was to support his personally appointed presidential candidate , Dilma Rousseff , who was formerly his chief of staff and the main architect of the government 's investment program , designed in 2007 to accelerate growth .
He overhauled the bureaucracy , delivered on his promises to the poor , mapped out an industrial strategy , and re-designed an overstretched foreign policy agenda , among other innovative measures .
In that tradition , the economist Milton Friedman wrote , in his 1962 book Capitalism and Freedom : `` there is one and only one social responsibility of business -- to use its resources and engage in activities designed to increase its profits so long as it stays within the rules of the game , which is to say , engages in open and free competition without deception or fraud . ''
The second is designed to bury whatever hopes still exist for signing a successor treaty to the Kyoto Protocol .
If properly designed , they can benefit their members , especially if combined with reduced trade barriers for all trading partners .
If designed badly , the cost of such agreements -- in terms of trade diversion , confusion , and demands on limited administrative capacity -- often exceeds the benefits .
This is one of the most important reforms to the Fund 's work in the 30 years since the surveillance process was designed .
But , buoyed by government bailout money , guarantees , and low interest rates , many banks have again begun to pay their top managers huge bonuses while fighting vigorously against reforms designed to restrain their risk-taking and compensation .
Strategy . Since 1953 , China has framed its macro objectives in the context of five-year plans , with clearly defined targets and policy initiatives designed to hit those targets .
The best-designed policies are always contingent on local conditions , making use of pre-existing advantages and seeking to overcome domestic constraints .
Rediscovering the common sense that had strangely eluded the Fund for two decades , the report noted : `` logic suggests that appropriately designed controls on capital inflows could usefully complement '' other policies .
The architects of the Bretton Woods regime kept this lesson in mind when they redesigned the world 's monetary system in 1944 .
Because policymakers operate in second-best environments , optimal reform trajectories - even in apparently straightforward cases such as price reform - can not be designed without due regard to prevailing conditions and without weighing the consequences for multiple distorted margins .
Reforms designed without adequate regard to local realities and domestic politics have often produced unintended consequences or backfired .
For Fukushima-type risks , analysts are already discussing how nuclear plants can be designed and built to contain earthquake and tsunami risks via passive cooling .
Of course , fiscal councils by themselves are not enough , no matter how well designed they are .
So , after a totally flawed plan that would have given money to Greece too late -- only when the country risked a refinancing crisis -- and at market rates that would make its debt unsustainable , the EU regained its senses and designed a new scheme that is closer to typical IMF conditionality : tranched support with some early front-loaded support and a semi-concessional interest rate .
It means not allowing newspapers and TV to be hijacked by spurious passions and staged theatrics designed to divert attention from everything else .
Last year a Nigerian team of HIV\/AIDS experts performed what many thought to be a miracle : they submitted a well-designed , thoughtfully written , and locally developed proposal to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis , and Malaria .
Latin American journalists may face a diminished threat of murder nowadays , but many still confront a gauntlet of challenges designed to control them .
Those incentives will come at modest cost and huge benefit , and they can be designed to protect the poor and shift the climate-change burden to those who can afford it .
A well-designed fund would slow or stop deforestation , preserve biodiversity , and reduce emissions of carbon dioxide the burning of cleared forests .
New kinds of power plants will have to be built to make carbon capture economical , new pipelines will have to be built to transport the CO2 to storage sites , and new monitoring systems will have to be designed to control leaks .
By combining staunch military resistance to rebellion with a political program designed to entice rebels back to normal life , the Uribe government has demonstrated that insurgencies can be curtailed .
Below , like some latticed popover , is the Herzog & de Meuron-designed `` birds nest '' Olympic Stadium . Beside it is the stunning `` water cube , '' or Aquatics Center , of Chinese\/Australian design .
The recent `` stress tests '' of European banks were blatantly designed as a confidence-building measure rather than a genuine exploration of possible systemic weaknesses -- failing , for instance , to include the possibility of default on Greek sovereign debt .
Instead , countries are committed only to enforcing their own labor laws , which often seem designed to prevent workers from joining a union .
The truth is that the tests were not designed to find answers .
As the name implies , livelihood insurance is designed to provide more than just a brief respite or a subsidy for retraining .
But if government programs designed to promote saving by low-income people do n't tie up their money for many years until retirement , they will often succumb to temptation and spend the money frivolously .
For example , we need stronger consumer protection for retail financial products , stricter disclosure requirements for new securities , and better-designed vehicles for hedging risks .
Intellectual property law -- patents and copyrights -- is the clearest example of a government policy designed to stimulate creativity .
The recent expansion of patent protection is designed to prevent these problems and to bring a faster pace of innovation .
The label would be designed for those who are less motivated and\/or able to read these prospectuses .
So new risk management institutions need to be devised . They should use markets , rather than state guarantees , and while they should not be mandatory , they must be designed in accordance with humans ' psychological limitations , so that people will use them .
By selecting particular villages and providing basic health care , bed nets to stop malaria , primary education , better seeds , and other agricultural assistance , the organization aims to show that well-designed , comprehensive aid plans can , at relatively modest cost , raise people out of poverty .
Quite apart from these weak attempts to justify Bush 's statement as `` technically accurate , '' the more serious charge is that even if what Bush said really were technically accurate , it still would have been designed to mislead the world into thinking that Iraq had been trying to buy uranium in Africa .
So occultists now will no doubt have a fine time with the fact that Craig Venter was the driving force behind the team of scientists that last month announced that they had created a synthetic form of life : a bacterium with a genome designed and created from chemicals in a laboratory .
That battle was lost in 1980 , when the United States Supreme Court decided that a genetically modified micro-organism designed to clean up oil spills could be patented .
Patenting life was taken a step further in 1984 , when Harvard University successfully applied for a patent on its `` oncomouse , '' a laboratory mouse specifically designed to get cancer easily , so that it would be more useful as a research tool .
There are good grounds for objecting to turning a sentient being into a patented laboratory tool , but it is not so easy to see why patent law should not cover newly designed bacteria or algae , which can feel nothing and may be as useful as any other invention .
This is not a problem of immigration as such , but of poorly designed domestic social and labor market institutions .
Although designed before the current crisis , these models seem to fit current observations rather well : banks lending to entrepreneurs who could never repay , and asset prices changing even if there were no changes in conditions .
The state , however , is a political construction , designed to keep the peace in an economically viable territory .
Goldman whiz-kid Fabrice Tourre is charged with having created a complicated security that was designed to fail .
Presumably , McCain 's League of Democracies is designed to bring Immanuel Kant 's dream of perpetual peace closer to realization by putting pressure on non-democracies to change their ways , by force if necessary .
The UN was created under rules designed to enable states of different political colors to live together .
A fundamental break with this millennia-long pattern came only with widespread adoption of the first practical mechanical prime mover able to convert the heat of fuel combustion -- James Watt 's improved steam engine , designed in the 1780 's .
All of this is part of the transatlantic community 's continuing transformation from a set of organizations designed to defend territory against a known aggressor to something more flexible and dynamic .
It is designed to preserve international financial markets , not the stability of emerging economies on the periphery .
Until recently , IMF rescue programs were designed to enable debtor countries to meet their obligations .
A few producing countries volunteered to be pilot cases in which the government and all the companies involved would disclose revenues and their use according to templates designed by the UK team .
The EU is left in an untenable position , with an enlarged membership of 27 states and a governing structure designed for six .
NEW YORK -- The architects of the euro knew that it was incomplete when they designed it .
They labored under the misconception that financial markets can correct their own excesses , so the rules were designed to rein in only public-sector excesses .
The task of the WTO is to lay down ground rules for international trade ; it is not designed to pursue other social goals .
Not only is the WTO not designed to deal with environmental protection , food safety , human rights and labor rights , but its modus operandi is unsuitable for the provision of public goods .
TRIMs are designed to provide a level playing field between foreign and domestic enterprises .
NEPAD , the New Partnership for Africa 's Development , an organization designed to promote decent and appropriate standards of economic and political development throughout the continent , has been at the core of this policy .
Enter the Maastricht Treaty , which in theory imposes fiscal discipline by placing limits on government deficits and debt levels -- clearly a structure designed to prevent free riding on the fiscal discipline of others .
And emerging-market growth returned to pre-crisis levels and appears to be sustainable , helped by unorthodox policies designed to `` sterilize '' massive capital inflows .
But semi-conductors , circuit boards , and other components were designed and manufactured in high middle-income countries like Korea .
At the EU level , there is not yet a complementary policy response designed to halt the vicious cycle of rising yields and growth impairment now faced by Italy and Spain .
Finally , to attempt this rebalancing in the current fiscal environment without tax increases -LRB- perhaps temporary measures designed to overcome the cumulative investment shortfall -RRB- would be very unwise .
Absent coordination , there is also a risk that monetary policies designed to promote growth -LRB- or at least not impede it -RRB- will lead to a return of financial-sector distortions and imbalances .
Another problem was the bar code system designed to prevent duplicate voting . Some qualified voters did n't get their bar codes ; others feared that employers might use them to learn how they voted .
Since some of the benefit -LRB- much of it in the case of small , open economies -RRB- will accrue to others , stimulus packages are likely to be smaller and more poorly designed than they otherwise would be , which is why a globally coordinated stimulus package is needed .
Their innovations focused on circumventing accounting and financial regulations designed to ensure transparency , efficiency , and stability , and to prevent the exploitation of the less informed .
· Incentive structures within banks are designed to encourage short-sighted behavior and excessive risk taking .
Those countries , like Australia , that implemented large , well designed stimulus programs early emerged from the crisis faster .
Instead , innovation was directed at perfecting the exploitation of those who are less educated , and at circumventing the regulations and accounting standards that were designed to make markets more efficient and stable .
Besides , well-designed taxes on the financial sector might help alleviate problems caused by excessive leverage and banks that are too big to fail .
These were among the risks associated with America 's insufficient stimulus , which was designed to placate members of Congress as much as it was to revive the economy .
A strong version of the so-called Volcker Rule -LRB- designed to force government-insured banks to return to their core mission of lending -RRB- might work .
-LRB- To be fair , the banks tried to take advantage of the more financially sophisticated as well , as with securities created by Goldman Sachs that were designed to fail . -RRB-
Aid to old economy firms that spent more on avoiding taxes than in restructuring took the form of a repeal of the alternative minimum tax , a tax provision designed to limit the extent to which firms could make use of loopholes in the tax code .
Accounting rules are designed to provide standardized frameworks within which the financial position of a firm , or government , can be assessed .
Particularly ironic was the provision designed to restrict Chile 's use of capital controls for short-term speculative capital flows .
Instead , the Bush administration pushed ahead with tax cuts for the rich , tax cuts that were not designed to stimulate the economy and that , no surprise , have failed to stimulate the economy .
The Stability Pact holds another important lesson : casting in stone institutional arrangements designed to address the problems of the past is a recipe for failure in the future .
The US and Europe reneged on their promise that this would be a round of trade negotiations designed to improve the plight of developing countries .
Let us hope that , emerging out of today 's scandals , there will be a renewed commitment to live up to these ideals and to strengthen the institutions that were designed to enforce them .
Instead , it should pursue a `` balanced '' intellectual property regime : because knowledge itself is the most important input in the production of knowledge , a badly designed intellectual property regime can stifle innovation -- as has been the case in America in some areas .
TRIPs , the intellectual property provisions of the Uruguay round , were designed to reduce access to generic medicines -- and they succeeded .
The dramatic decline in India 's share of global GDP under Britain 's rule , as Britain passed trade laws designed to benefit its textile producers at the expense of those in its colony , is the most visible example .
Now it has responded , with a stimulus package that is too little , too late , and badly designed .
Governments need to play a developmental role , with implementation of integrated policies designed to support inclusive output and employment growth , as well as to reduce inequality and promote social justice .
Such an approach needs to be complemented by appropriate industrial investment and technology policies , and by inclusive financial facilities designed to support them .
No matter how hard they try - and Kyrgyzstan has certainly tried - they are doomed to fail without co-ordinated , well-designed and adequate assistance .
Of course , Prodi could preserve a bipolar political system -- and thus increase the longevity of his government -- by either restoring a majoritarian electoral system or pressing ahead with other constitutional amendments designed to preserve government and coalition stability .
These French social institutions are designed with a purpose : to protect the French labor market 's `` insiders . ''
Many EU leaders see newfound respect coming in the form of a `` strategic partnership '' with China that is designed to balance the power of the United States .
The ENP is designed to forge a `` circle of friends '' around the EU based on shared interests in security , economic development , the rule of law , and respect for human rights .
Turkey thus argues that the charge of genocide is designed to besmirch Turkey 's honor and impede its progress towards EU accession .
Italy 's Parliament , where Berlusconi 's ruling coalition holds an overwhelming majority , has passed four laws designed to safeguard the Prime Minister against prosecution and conviction .
How would the new fiscal rules be designed ?
The EU drew the right conclusions when it stressed that national bank rescue packages must not be designed in ways that starve subsidiaries , and also by doubling -- to ¤ 50 billion -- the crisis funds available to EU countries outside the euro zone .
If disease trends are monitored , along with patients ' responses to treatment and the population 's exposure to risk factors , the success or failure of policies designed to prevent or control chronic diseases can be evaluated , resource allocation can be rationally prioritized , and the public can be kept fully informed of the risks that they face .
It is increasingly likely that Saakashvili 's policy is aimed at instigating bloodshed in South Ossetia or Abkhazia and putting all the blame on Russia - a strategy that appears designed to bring the Americans to the region eventually .
Politically , that debate focuses on the costs of bailouts and on tax schemes designed to `` get our money back . ''
Its schools are financed by local communities and work within the framework of a national curriculum designed by the parliament and government .
Indeed , it is a failure of governance that has characterized the Stability and Growth Pact , designed -LRB- largely by Germany -RRB- to ensure sound macroeconomic policy by limiting national debt and deficit ratios .
By failing to distinguish adequately normal distress and eccentricity from disorder , the DSM-5 's proposals threaten to increase dramatically the types of abuses that the DSM was designed to prevent .
The US political system was never designed to rule the world .
Beyond these specific BMD discussions , US arms-control efforts with Russia currently focus on strategic stability talks and other dialogues designed to establish a favorable conceptual foundation for the next round of formal arms-control negotiations .
Moreover , both benefits and harms of all trials must be published within a reasonable timeframe , and properly designed , non-industry-funded trials are needed to confirm both safety and efficacy .
Instead , they have built an apparatus designed to `` defend the president '' and insure victory .
For example , some countries want to develop smaller and `` usable '' nuclear weapons designed for pre-emptive or preventive military action .
As for Europeans , they are unhappy about pressure to participate in a US-led `` global war on terror '' that they regard as dangerous and misconceived , and to go along with policies seemingly designed to antagonize their more difficult neighbors like Russia and the Islamic world .
The removal by the US of some noneconomic sanctions designed to restrict official bilateral interaction is welcome , and an even greater relaxation in communications , through both official and unofficial channels , should be implemented .
But the proper course of action is that taken in Nuremberg , The Hague , Sierra Leone , and after the Bosnian conflict : prosecute those who designed , approved , and implemented the policy of torture and rendition , however high the chain of commission goes -- including the lawyers who justified legal perversions that led to torture and murder -- rather than targeting those farther down the chain of command .
Rightly so : the Pact is ill-conceived and its implementation ill-designed .
Although most do not support Pakistan 's Pervez Musharraf , Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak , or the al-Saud family , they see hypocrisy in Western criticism of these leaders that is designed to manipulate and marginalize -- after all , the West does not really want to push these regimes too far .
Today , the Saudi regime uses Mecca 's status among Muslims in a calculated way designed to reassert the Kingdom 's paramount status as the Islamic world 's `` leading state . ''
The gap between the cost of carbon-free and carbon-emitting technology fell , and the taxes designed to mitigate emissions became more effective .
Yet a road map for a peaceful transition can be designed .
The current exchange-rate regime , which links the RMB to a basket of currencies , was designed to give the PBC leeway to control the pace of RMB appreciation , while creating two-way fluctuations in the exchange rate against the US dollar in order to discourage speculators from making one-way bets on the RMB .
The lead story in a recent issue of the Daily Graphic , Ghana 's most influential newspaper , was designed to shock : `` Four Gay Men Jailed . ''
Africa also offers a testing ground for Asian-designed technologies that are not yet ready for US or European markets .
If we assume that a causal relationship exists , the European directive seems to be fairly well designed , with one main shortcoming .
It is well designed because it interferes not with the level of compensation -LRB- as many have demanded -RRB- , but with the form that this compensation takes .
The EFSF , created to assist countries facing `` illiquidity , '' is designed exactly like a CDO .
