With the border closed under Israeli blockade for more than two years , levels of poverty , unemployment , and despair have grown , with young men increasingly interested in joining the global jihad as it comes to Gaza .
Viewed from the despairing perspective of today 's crisis , this model seems like a dream .
Instead of being an international leader in the worldwide war against terrorism , it is sinking into the despair of a perpetual victim .
People are in despair ; they are angry at Russia for its aggression and at their own government for provoking this uneven conflict .
Many people despair of finding their way through the maze of current EU treaties and their numerous amendments .
And just about the last thing the EU needs is an influx of hundreds of thousands of migrants fleeing poverty , political repression , and despair in Moldova and other countries of the former Soviet Union .
JERUSALEM -- The Arab revolt against inertia , despair , and decline has rightly inspired the admiration of civilized people everywhere -- everywhere , that is , except in Israel .
But that despairing hope , uttered by a desperate Gazan , will not materialize .
Evidently , the pessimism and despair that often overwhelms free traders today is unwarranted .
Down through the years , I have seen despair and frustration evolve into optimism and progress and , even now , we need not give up hope for permanent peace for Israelis and freedom and justice for Palestinians if three basic premises are honored :
Success as Mayor of Bucharest will boost his chances , and what better way is there for a politician to promote himself than by `` cleaning up '' some seemingly intractable problem -- particularly one that symbolizes ten years of incompetence and despair .
I doubt , however , that celebrities like Miss Bardot will ever recognize the absurdity of their misplaced priorities -- to come to a country where millions live in despair and dire conditions , and show concern for only the wild dogs .
The answer need not be all despair .
The murderous triumph and bloody defeat of the politics of cultural despair was followed by an economic miracle that made Germany one of the world 's most prosperous countries , with nearly six decades of increasingly stable democracy .
Since then , stability and hope have begun to return to a region affected by the destruction of war and the widespread despair of social displacement .
So should we despair of achieving the MDGs , not just by the original deadline of 2015 but even by the end of the century ?
In a public gesture of despair , Cherkesov admitted the failure of Putin 's project to reanimate Russian governance by subordinating it to the security services .
One could despair : the Bush administration has obviously wasted almost seven years during which it could have pursued a solution .
Given that Islamic fundamentalism breeds in economic despair , Libya 's rulers seem to want to take particular care that this process does not create an underclass of victims who might fall prey to the call of religious fanatics .
Poverty and misery must also be reduced if despair is not to incite new sources of fanatical violence .
Instead of throwing up our hands in despair , we should adhere to a distinction dear to the great German sociologist Max Weber , for now is a time when the ethics of responsibility must prevail over the ethics of conviction .
The suffering and wanton destruction of people 's lives , the despair and absence of human dignity in this region have gone on for too long .
I despaired over how long it would take to build the infrastructure needed for Estonian businesses to compete internationally .
And , without such a future , the economic despair that gave rise to the revolution in Tunis is unlikely to disappear .
There have also been reports , more often on the Internet than in the press , about despairing Lebanese doctors , who , not recognizing the wounds patients have sustained after Israeli air strikes , have described what they see and asked colleagues around the world for help .
True , Putin has concentrated in his own hands more decision-making authority than at any time in Russia 's post-Soviet history . But most Russians think he is a great leader , crediting him with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
The lesson is that we should not dream of overnight breakthroughs , or allow ourselves to fall into despair in the absence of immediate progress .
The EU 's current lack of unanimity on many world issues , as well as continental issues such as Ukraine , is no reason for despair .
It is to be hoped that Ukraine 's Russian-speaking citizens , having witnessed the economic despair -- and sometimes the bloodshed -- caused by the Kremlin 's manufactured pro-autonomy movements , will realize that they are being turned into Putin 's pawns .
Almost everywhere , the media translates academic conclusions into graphic illustrations of brutality and despair in places such as Guinea and the Democratic Republic of Congo .
With anemic growth , unemployment stuck between 9 % and 10 % for more than 20 years , and immigrant ghettos that vacillate between lawlessness and despair , France is indeed one of the sick men of Europe .
Were Gandhi alive to witness today 's communal violence between Hindus and Muslims in Gujarat , he would sink into despair .
The deep conviction that reform can only lead to revolution and chaos results in a stultification of reality that can lead to immobility and despair -- and thus become a dangerous and self-fulfilling prophecy .
Will the spirit of hope that brought Obama to power triumph over the winds of economic and social despair , or will fear in the West of the looming global recession spread to Asia and destabilize its giants , China and India ?
However tough things looked in the past , I have never felt such a sense of despair about Palestine and Israel .
Cheney 's influence resulted in the bloody disaster of Iraq , the moral humiliation of Guantanamo , water-boarding and `` extraordinary rendition , '' the despair of friends and the contempt of critics , a full-dress parade of double standards around the globe .
Obviously , there must be an intensification of efforts to reduce global poverty , which has become a breeding ground of resentment , envy , and despair -- hence , a ready producer of violence and suicide bombers .
These and similar efforts can mean the difference between famine and food security , epidemic disease and health , income and utter poverty , and , most importantly , hope and despair .
In response , Israel sealed Gaza 's borders , making life even more unbearable in a place wracked by violence , poverty , and despair .
A more peaceful world will be possible only when Americans and others begin to see things through the eyes of their supposed enemies , and realize that today 's conflicts , having resulted from desperation and despair , can be solved through economic development rather than war .
In calling for a more prosperous world for all , President Bush further demonstrated American attitudes on economic development when he said that `` trade can conquer poverty and despair . ''
It will fall to the Union , once again , to help transform despair into hope .
Immediate resumption of these talks will lead to profound Palestinian despair , much deeper than the disillusion that followed the collapse of the Camp David summit in July 2000 .
Behind the stock images of a region trapped in chaos and despair , economies are growing , reform is increasingly embraced , and governance is improving .
Development economists wring their hands in despair : Africa defies their best efforts to create a miracle .
Left to their own devices , markets are prone to extremes of euphoria and despair .
Indeed , citizens throughout the rich developed world all stand to benefit from a more prosperous globe -- especially a world in which there is less poverty , with fewer people facing despair .
For we all suffer from the political instability to which such despair gives rise .
The Long Marchers persevered , fought , starved , despaired , and endured .
We may have moments of fear in the days ahead , but we must never let despair overwhelm us .
Their hidden or even visible anguish is worthless , a cipher 's despair .
The documentary 's footage of shot-out computer screens and piles of smashed printers and cameras -- under graffiti reading `` Palestine Never '' -- makes one despair .
All of the world 's current crises - conflict , HIV\/AIDS , unemployment - have one thing in common : they all involve young people who are burdened by the despair of these problems , but who are also a largely untapped source of change .
Only when such a belief becomes general will despair stop fueling terrorism , and suicide bombing come to be viewed as an obscene calling .
Individuals and peoples are capable of enduring difficulties if there is a sense that the future will be better and conflicts resolved . But a sudden backward regression can lead to despair , which we feel today .
