The new government should quickly devise a policy to deal with terrorism .
The Pakistani media revisited a famous comment by Mohammad Iqbal , the poet-philosopher who devised the idea of an independent Muslim state in Pakistan .
This structure could only have been devised to suck in as many customers as possible with scant regard for long-term consequences .
But what sometimes gets lost in this narrative is that , while practically all sectors of Palestinian Arab society rejected the UN plan , Palestinians were unable to devise coherent political institutions and a unified military command with which to confront the much smaller Jewish community .
It was also a clear departure from the conventional foreign-policy straightjacket devised by Kemal Ataturk , which had for decades forced Turkish diplomacy into the Procrustean bed of 1920 's - style integral nationalism .
The Spaak committee devised a system that balanced the voting power of states of varying size .
Perhaps most importantly , Mexico must devise a French-style semi-presidential system whereby a designated Prime Minister is responsible for building majorities in Congress , and must be ratified by the latter .
It was , many believed , a deliberate policy devised and carried out by the official military and the political elite to wage war `` off the books . ''
It was , many believed , a deliberate policy devised and carried out by the official military and the political elite to wage war `` off the books . ''
A second issue is the highly touted Bolsa Familia , which began under Lula 's predecessor as Bolsa Escola , and was originally devised by the economist Santiago Levy under Mexican President Ernesto Zedillo .
NEW DELHI -- China has devised a novel strategy to relieve pressure on its overcrowded prisons : employ convicts as laborers on overseas projects in the developing world .
Such a vacuum can be created only by government leaders who are too cowardly to devise and enforce their own defense policy .
What other exit strategy can it devise ?
So , in October 1997 , Gordon Brown announced that he had devised five tests to see whether Britain and the Euro were suited to each other .
In modern mathematical economics , many people in the rich world decided that we had finally devised a set of scientific tools that could really predict human behavior .
Our current political and economic institutions rest upon the wager that a decentralized market provides a better social-planning , coordination , and capital-allocation mechanism than any other that we have yet been able to devise .
Dialogue with Iran will inevitably be frustrating and difficult , but it offers the only way to lay out possible grounds for constructive engagement and to devise a strategy for heading off a potentially disastrous confrontation .
When the NRC was created in 2002 , it was devised as a mechanism for dialogue , cooperation , and joint decision-making on issues of mutual interest , including non-proliferation and arms control , the fight against terrorism , civil emergency planning , and military-to-military cooperation .
When that happens , I hope the antitrust authorities will consider a remedy that Ian Ayres , Hal Varian , and I devised .
The nature of financial risk is constantly changing in ways that are difficult to predict using backward-looking indicators like those being devised by the G-20 .
Germany and France , the two crucial players in this crisis , will have to devise a joint strategy , because only they , working together , can push through a solution .
Complex definitions with built-in exceptions may make lawyers uncomfortable , but in the real world , they are perhaps the best we can devise .
The source of that shame is not any particular act , but simply being part of a nation that could behave so arrogantly as to disregard international law and the United Nations by invading a country that was not threatening America , and then sending untrained military police to keep prisoners in line by any means they happen to devise .
Traditional diplomacy will at best devise a face-saving but meaningless accord next year .
First , the doctrine of `` preemption , '' which was devised in response to the 2001 attacks , was inappropriately broadened to include Iraq and other so-called `` rogue states '' that threatened to develop weapons of mass destruction .
A recent innovation has been the Coping Strategy Index , devised by the World Food Program and CARE , which analyzes how people cope with short-term food crises while also taking into account their future vulnerability to hunger .
So some kind of system of incentives must be devised to encourage a large portion of settlers to repatriate and to allow for the continued presence of the others in the territories while respecting Palestinian sovereignty .
They assume that many scientific conventions are accidents of history and new abstractions can be devised .
Britain 's Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown has devised an ambitious proposal to help in this fight .
Government regulation was incapable of dealing with the issues involved , although it was certainly helpful to devise ways of making destructive hackers criminally responsible .
The process that began with the report of the Delors Committee in 1989 and led to the Maastricht Treaty in 1992 , the establishment of the euro in 1999 , and the introduction of the physical currency in 2002 was rooted in an attempt to devise mechanisms that would generate a more stable global exchange-rate regime .
In retrospect , it was blamed for triggering a highly politicized debate about exchange rates , with every country trying to devise an approach that favored its own interests .
The only freedom Russians have left is to devise bitter jokes that tap the country 's rich historical stores of political pathology .
Turkey 's neighborhood policy is devised to reintegrate Turkey into its immediate neighborhoods , including the Balkans , the Black Sea , the Caucasus , the Middle East , and the Eastern Mediterranean .
Consumed with legitimate anger , Palestinians and Arabs failed to come up with a serious approach to reach out to Israelis and failed to devise a workable political strategy that would address Palestinian daily needs and national aspirations .
Empowered by Arab leaders , Jordan 's King Abdullah II officially presented the peace plan devised by the Arab League and the Organization of Islamic States .
This sequence of study was devised in 1893 .
The Chinese have devised a novel solution .
Given that the elections to the Constituent Assembly needed to ensure their representation , a complex system of quotas was devised .
I devised an experiment that allows us to look at whether national loyalties played a role in ECB policy since the euro 's inception .
In the years since the collapse of the Soviet Union , neither EU nor European national policymakers have devised a coherent strategy setting out the relationship that Europe wants with the Russian Federation .
They could play an essential leading role in a process including the Burmese parties , China , India , the European Union , Russia , and the United States that could devise a roadmap for change in Burma .
They devised an electoral system whereby Poles would not vote for candidates of their choice , but would cross out those they did not want -- which is to say , each and every communist .
The EU will also have to devise policies governing the movement of goods and people across its new borders .
So the world 's major challenge is to devise a strategy that encourages growth in the developing world , but on a path that approaches safe global carbon-emission levels by mid-century .
Moreover , relations with China cooled after the Tiananmen Square shootings in 1989 , and the Clinton administration had to devise a new approach .
Instead of containment , the strategy that the Clinton administration devised could be termed `` integrate but hedge '' -- something like Ronald Reagan 's `` trust but verify '' approach to strategic agreements with the Soviets .
One can not devise and implement solutions to global financial stability , climate change , cyber terrorism , or pandemics without such cooperation .
Elections had become a hollow ritual , matters of public policy were not important campaign issues , and the opposition was divided , poorly funded , and unable to devise a strategy to cut the PDP juggernaut to size .
Clearly , therefore , we need to devise a system of membership for key international organizations that ensures that their structures are relevant but that is also flexible enough to allow members to come and go .
Given that Europe managed to construct EMU , the Maastricht Treaty , and the stability and growth pact that underlines the euro , it should be relatively easy for euro-zone experts to help devise a system for judging G-7 type membership .
To help these most vulnerable communities , it is essential for the world to devise a plan of action to limit the emission of greenhouse gases -LRB- GHGs -RRB- .
Second , the benefits of mitigating emissions of GHGs are so overwhelming that this , combined with the prospect of the harm resulting from inaction , makes it imperative for the world to devise an international response and a plan of action .
The EU must not , however , let US or Israeli lack of support thwart its efforts to devise a goal map that would be acceptable to all regional parties , or to push Syria onto a more constructive course by engaging it .
But , if politicians are to become less anxious about jobs , perhaps we need to start discussing whether jobless recoveries are here to stay , and whether the US safety net , devised for a different era , needs to be modified .
The project of the new European Constitution was devised to remedy this problem .
Rather than offering facile answers such as `` just let markets work '' or `` just get governance right , '' it rightly emphasizes that each country must devise its own mix of remedies .
Was the problem unscrupulous mortgage lenders who devised credit terms -- such as `` teaser '' interest rates and prepayment penalties -- that led unsuspecting borrowers into a debt trap ?
When financial regulations are devised by a coterie of global regulators in distant venues , it is bankers and technocrats who gain the upper hand .
If Europe wants to devise its own rules for credit-rating agencies and hedge funds , it should simply go ahead .
Here is the core problem : the criteria were devised when the eurozone did not exist .
Unfortunately , the coalition 's neglect of forensic issues reflects its wider failure to devise any strategy to address issues concerning the rule of law and justice , or any central body with the authority to begin building the necessary institutions .
Unwilling to change or work together , and unable to devise ways of appealing to voters , these once-powerful groups simply disappeared , leaving the AKP largely in control of the conservative electoral base .
Indeed , shadow banking would not have grown so fast had that regime not been devised with the apparent lessons of the 1930 's in mind .
This was not the first time that containment -- a strategy devised by George Kennan , the director of the US State Department 's Policy Planning Staff under President Harry Truman , in response to the Soviet threat after World War II -- has been rejected as appeasement .
So new risk management institutions need to be devised . They should use markets , rather than state guarantees , and while they should not be mandatory , they must be designed in accordance with humans ' psychological limitations , so that people will use them .
For example , former President Lech Wa?esa recently visited Tunisia to offer advice as part of a Polish program to help Tunisia devise robust constitutional reforms and election laws .
If we can put a man on the Moon and sequence the human genome , we should be able to devise something close to a universal digital public library .
But he could have devised more specific measures , such as asking the Securities and Exchange Commission to freeze new share issues , because equity leveraging was fueling the bubble .
Based on new theory and experience , we may eventually conclude that policy responses to systemic risk are impossible to devise , and that the costs of the AWF errors are higher than the RWT errors .
The challenge for twenty-first century statecraft will be to devise joint solutions to common problems .
The illusion is in some of the plans being devised to deal with it .
China 's New Economic Model China 's success since it began its transition to a market economy has been based on adaptable strategies and policies : as each set of problems are solved , new problems arise , for which new policies and strategies must be devised .
Lula 's government has thought long and hard about how to manage the oil wealth , and has devised a unique program .
Aligning their assistance with national development strategies and structures , or helping countries devise such strategies and structures , ensures that their aid is usefully spent and guarantees the sustainability of their efforts .
Governments must also identify radical tendencies within Europe 's Muslim communities and devise strategies to counteract them .
