The Pakistani media revisited a famous comment by Mohammad Iqbal , the poet-philosopher who devised the idea of an independent Muslim state in Pakistan .
This structure could only have been devised to suck in as many customers as possible with scant regard for long-term consequences .
It was also a clear departure from the conventional foreign-policy straightjacket devised by Kemal Ataturk , which had for decades forced Turkish diplomacy into the Procrustean bed of 1920 's - style integral nationalism .
The Spaak committee devised a system that balanced the voting power of states of varying size .
It was , many believed , a deliberate policy devised and carried out by the official military and the political elite to wage war `` off the books . ''
It was , many believed , a deliberate policy devised and carried out by the official military and the political elite to wage war `` off the books . ''
A second issue is the highly touted Bolsa Familia , which began under Lula 's predecessor as Bolsa Escola , and was originally devised by the economist Santiago Levy under Mexican President Ernesto Zedillo .
NEW DELHI -- China has devised a novel strategy to relieve pressure on its overcrowded prisons : employ convicts as laborers on overseas projects in the developing world .
So , in October 1997 , Gordon Brown announced that he had devised five tests to see whether Britain and the Euro were suited to each other .
In modern mathematical economics , many people in the rich world decided that we had finally devised a set of scientific tools that could really predict human behavior .
When the NRC was created in 2002 , it was devised as a mechanism for dialogue , cooperation , and joint decision-making on issues of mutual interest , including non-proliferation and arms control , the fight against terrorism , civil emergency planning , and military-to-military cooperation .
When that happens , I hope the antitrust authorities will consider a remedy that Ian Ayres , Hal Varian , and I devised .
The nature of financial risk is constantly changing in ways that are difficult to predict using backward-looking indicators like those being devised by the G-20 .
First , the doctrine of `` preemption , '' which was devised in response to the 2001 attacks , was inappropriately broadened to include Iraq and other so-called `` rogue states '' that threatened to develop weapons of mass destruction .
A recent innovation has been the Coping Strategy Index , devised by the World Food Program and CARE , which analyzes how people cope with short-term food crises while also taking into account their future vulnerability to hunger .
So some kind of system of incentives must be devised to encourage a large portion of settlers to repatriate and to allow for the continued presence of the others in the territories while respecting Palestinian sovereignty .
They assume that many scientific conventions are accidents of history and new abstractions can be devised .
Britain 's Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown has devised an ambitious proposal to help in this fight .
Turkey 's neighborhood policy is devised to reintegrate Turkey into its immediate neighborhoods , including the Balkans , the Black Sea , the Caucasus , the Middle East , and the Eastern Mediterranean .
Empowered by Arab leaders , Jordan 's King Abdullah II officially presented the peace plan devised by the Arab League and the Organization of Islamic States .
This sequence of study was devised in 1893 .
The Chinese have devised a novel solution .
Given that the elections to the Constituent Assembly needed to ensure their representation , a complex system of quotas was devised .
I devised an experiment that allows us to look at whether national loyalties played a role in ECB policy since the euro 's inception .
In the years since the collapse of the Soviet Union , neither EU nor European national policymakers have devised a coherent strategy setting out the relationship that Europe wants with the Russian Federation .
They devised an electoral system whereby Poles would not vote for candidates of their choice , but would cross out those they did not want -- which is to say , each and every communist .
Instead of containment , the strategy that the Clinton administration devised could be termed `` integrate but hedge '' -- something like Ronald Reagan 's `` trust but verify '' approach to strategic agreements with the Soviets .
But , if politicians are to become less anxious about jobs , perhaps we need to start discussing whether jobless recoveries are here to stay , and whether the US safety net , devised for a different era , needs to be modified .
The project of the new European Constitution was devised to remedy this problem .
Was the problem unscrupulous mortgage lenders who devised credit terms -- such as `` teaser '' interest rates and prepayment penalties -- that led unsuspecting borrowers into a debt trap ?
When financial regulations are devised by a coterie of global regulators in distant venues , it is bankers and technocrats who gain the upper hand .
Here is the core problem : the criteria were devised when the eurozone did not exist .
Indeed , shadow banking would not have grown so fast had that regime not been devised with the apparent lessons of the 1930 's in mind .
This was not the first time that containment -- a strategy devised by George Kennan , the director of the US State Department 's Policy Planning Staff under President Harry Truman , in response to the Soviet threat after World War II -- has been rejected as appeasement .
So new risk management institutions need to be devised . They should use markets , rather than state guarantees , and while they should not be mandatory , they must be designed in accordance with humans ' psychological limitations , so that people will use them .
But he could have devised more specific measures , such as asking the Securities and Exchange Commission to freeze new share issues , because equity leveraging was fueling the bubble .
The illusion is in some of the plans being devised to deal with it .
China 's New Economic Model China 's success since it began its transition to a market economy has been based on adaptable strategies and policies : as each set of problems are solved , new problems arise , for which new policies and strategies must be devised .
Lula 's government has thought long and hard about how to manage the oil wealth , and has devised a unique program .
