We are also familiar with the inherent difficulties of devising and implementing solutions to global problems through nation-states , and have relied on two broad models to deal with this predicament .
But , with no natural steam or hot water to bring the energy to the surface , an engineered solution is needed , and , during the past 35 years , more than $ 600 million has been spent worldwide devising one .
So if it is true that trust in financial institutions -- and in the governments that oversee them -- has been damaged by the crisis , we should care a lot , and we should be devising responses which seek to rebuild that trust .
Lenin and Trotsky needed a party to make their ideology a reality ; Putin and Medvedev are devising an ideology to solidify their party .
Nor is it too early to begin work on crafting a new Nuclear Weapons Convention that provides a workable framework for multilateral negotiations , and on devising an independent high-level monitoring mechanism that would spell out clear benchmarks for progress , track how they are being met , and create real pressure for change .
They claim that constitutionalism and due process , if meticulously followed , reduce the government 's `` flexibility '' in devising ways to prevent terrorist attacks .
American policymakers expended considerable effort devising ways to support the pound , because they knew that the same factors that made the pound vulnerable also threatened the dollar .
Politicians reacted by devising an international financial system after WWII in which default and bankruptcy were more or less impossible .
The opportunities seem endless , from building stronger , lighter materials and manufacturing tremendously powerful yet incredibly small computers , to developing new sustainable energy sources and devising personalized cures for cancer .
Many scholars of international relations consider the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision , the international body of regulators charged with devising a new set of global standards , as the apogee of international rule-making .
Sustained growth requires devising incentives to encourage private-sector investment in new industries -- and doing so with minimal corruption and adequate competence .
Preliminary studies by the European Science Foundation 's `` Forward Look on European Food Systems '' could prove useful in devising an EU-wide policy .
If they succeed in devising policies , laws , and incentives that achieve this , a byproduct would likely be a reduction in inequality , which one hopes would reinforce the improved sense of trustworthiness .
In other words , the challenge is to revive lending growth in full awareness that we must begin devising ways to rein it in .
