When the US Federal Reserve was created in 1913 , its most important function was to serve as a lender of last resort to troubled banks , providing emergency liquidity via the discount facility .
At this point , the government asked AIG 's derivative counterparties to take a voluntary `` haircut '' -- that is , accept a discount on the amount owed to them .
An obvious indicator that would meet this purpose is the implicit debt of public pension systems - i.e. , the present discounted value of all future pension expenditures under existing legislation .
Today , the smart money in financial markets takes a long-term view that asset prices are for the most part rational expectations of discounted future fundamental values .
But central banks today are influencing asset prices through a very large number of channels and procedures other than conventional open-market operations : they are trying to affect not just duration discounts but risk , default , and information-driven discounts as well .
If I had been running things 13 months ago , the United States Treasury and Federal Reserve would have let Lehman and AIG fail -- but I would have discounted their debt for cash at face value , provided that the debt also came with sufficient equity warrants .
Of course , the boom 's costs should not be discounted .
Price discounts have been more effective , though their effect is limited by their focus on specific high-profile diseases and least developed countries -LRB- LDCs -RRB- .
Bondholders can be given a choice between par bonds with a face value equal to their existing bonds but a longer maturity and lower interest rate , and discount bonds with a shorter maturity and higher interest rate but a face value that is a fraction of existing bonds ' face value .
Membership in the international community can not be given away at a discount .
The dam 's Chinese investors , for their part , relied too heavily on the depth of the two countries ' bilateral ties , and so heavily discounted the project 's political risks .
Moreover , if China decided to sell its dollar holdings , the bond market would discount US government securities , raising US long-term interest rates and canceling much -LRB- perhaps all -RRB- of whatever stimulus has been provided by the dollar 's depreciation .
While Jordan 's access to discounted Iraqi oil was clear for all to see , the benefits to Iraq have not been as visible .
High-value and luxury brands were brutally affected by a wave of deep discounting in the last quarter of 2008 . The aura of a brand is easily destroyed .
More than three years passed before new US Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady set out a more satisfactory program , in which banks would be given a menu of options that included lower interest rates on the debt and a hefty discount on the principal .
The lending of the international institutions might also be used for buying back discounted debt .
It was the willingness of some large financial institutions to trade in discounted debt that established a market that could clear out the legacy of past mistakes .
The countries that did would probably find that their new currencies immediately traded at a heavy discount .
If the objectives were met -- fiscal stabilization and renewed growth -- the discount would disappear .
Nowadays , the equivalent of the adjustment mechanism in the early modern world of bimetallism would be a fall in , say , Greek wage costs paid in the national currency , as long as it was traded at a discount .
If he is well briefed for his summit in Moscow and Saint Petersburg , President Bush should discount Donne 's wisdom .
The results of this misguided policy proved so disastrous -- financial markets seized up almost immediately -- that a mere ten days after its `` What , me worry ? '' message , the Fed made an embarrassing but necessary about-face and lowered the discount rate by 50 basis points .
It matters little that the Fed could have gone further and cut the federal funds rate as well as the discount rate at its emergency meeting -- indeed , that may have to be done .
Thus , while liberalization of Japan 's capital market in the early 1980s tied Japanese and US interest-rate movements , Japanese interest rates were discounted by the expected rate of currency appreciation .
Even with the tradable sector suffering due to the strong yen , capital-market liberalization meant that the capitalized value of future income streams , particularly from land , soared , as the interest rate at which they were discounted fell .
But , given falling demand for gas , Russia had already begun renegotiating contracts in Europe and giving customers discounts .
When liquidity dries up , trading becomes impossible without a very sharp discount .
He put his oil reserves to good use , providing Jordan and Syria -- each a failing economy -- with deeply discounted supplies , assuring their goodwill .
While military power remains important , it is a mistake for any country to discount the role of economic power and soft power .
But it is also a mistake to discount the importance of leaders with humanitarian values .
There , the prospect of recovering a fraction of an ounce of gold or platinum entices communities to discount heavily the toxic risks and health effects of chronic exposure .
This is not to discount the need for such projects ; the renewable-energy sector , in particular , holds enormous opportunities for cooperation .
Politicians with limited terms of office and thus foreshortened political horizons are likely to discount low-risk disaster possibilities , since the risk of damage to their careers from failing to take precautionary measures is truncated .
Part of the blame also lies with bad market timing . Many Europeans bought into the US stock market at its peak in 1999 and 2000 , only to find themselves selling at steep discounts after the collapse of 2001 .
But the main concern centers around the Treasury 's apparent intention to pay more than double the current market price -LRB- 20-30 cents on the dollar -RRB- on the premise that its success in untangling the mortgage market would make any discount seem like a bargain .
The point is that , when people can visualize a problem , they are far less able to discount or ignore it .
By standing aside and discounting the European approach from the outset , America is merely helping to bring about a self-fulfilling prophecy .
Until recently , markets seemed to discount these shocks ; apart from a few days when panic about Japan or the Middle East caused a correction , they continued their upward march .
Previous experience suggests that most hold-to-maturity investors would accept a par bond , while most mark-to-market investors would accept a discount bond with a higher coupon -LRB- that is , a bond with a lower face value -RRB- -- an alternative that could be offered -LRB- and has been in the past -RRB- to such investors .
And if it will be worth an enormous amount in 10 or 20 years , then it should be worth a lot today , too , since real interest rates -- used to discount future values to today 's values -- are still low in China .
After all , the US went off the gold standard in 1933 , and the Fed cut the discount rate to 1.5 % in 1934 , ending deflation -LRB- except for minor episodes -RRB- ; but the unemployment rate did not fall consistently below 15 % until 1941 and the onset of World War II .
Let 's not discount that statement .
The Greek government currently must pay 25 % for its ten-year bonds , which are trading at a 50 % discount in the secondary market .
I suggest that Instead of a traditional IMF package , the central banks of the developed countries should open their discount windows for Brazilian government debt .
Instability arises because financial markets try to discount a future that depends on their own behavior .
For instance , the central banks of the US , Europe , Japan , and Britain could accept Brazilian paper at their discount windows .
The risk premium on Greek government bonds continues to hover around three percentage points , depriving Greece of much of the benefit of euro membership -- namely , being able to refinance government bonds at the official discount rate .
This fact was obscured until recently by the European Central Bank 's willingness to accept the sovereign debt of all eurozone members on equal terms at its discount window .
After the euro came into force , commercial banks could refinance their holdings of government bonds at the discount window of the European Central Bank , and regulators treated government bonds as riskless .
The European Central Bank treated all member countries ' sovereign debt as essentially riskless , and accepted their government bonds at its discount window on equal terms .
Acting at the behest of the member states , the ECB has sufficient powers of persuasion : it could close its discount window to the banks , and the governments could seize institutions that refuse to cooperate .
The ECB could deal with the other driving force , the lack of financing for sovereign debt , by lowering its discount rate , encouraging distressed governments to issue treasury bills , and encouraging the banks to subscribe -LRB- an idea I owe to Tommaso Padoa-Schioppa -RRB- .
? The Federal Reserve , the European Central Bank , the Bank of England and the Bank of Japan could accept at their discount windows designated treasury bill issues of selected countries .
Its proponents argue that it is the main policy instrument left , and that it will work by increasing credit or lowering the discount rate , which will raise asset prices and hence consumption via balance-sheet effects .
Indeed , one reason for the so called `` natural resource curse '' - -- the fact that resource-rich countries do not , on average , do as well as resource-poor countries -- is the prevalence of corruption , too often aided and abetted by companies that would like to get the resources they sell at discount prices .
The possibility of degrading Iran 's nuclear weapons program through military action can not be totally discounted , although it should of course be the last option and would be immensely risky even if militarily possible .
Sometimes the climate change debate looks very complicated -- people risk drowning in an acronym soup , technical fixes proliferate , and experts argue about the right price of carbon and appropriate discount rates .
To proceed otherwise would discount the most important question : the reliability of Russia as an energy supplier .
The EU is pinning its hopes on one mechanism to reduce Greek debt : loans from the European Financial Stability Facility that would allow Greece to buy its own debt at a discount in the secondary market .
Of course , when a cherished belief is challenged , various counter claims arise - the evidence is for the wrong type of debriefing , the trials were not well done , elements of debriefing could still `` work , '' the testimonies of those who are certain it helped them can not be discounted , and so on .
In essence , this is a back-door debt restructuring : Europe 's bailout fund , the European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- would lend the money for Greece to buy back its own debt in the secondary market at deep discounts , thereby imposing a loss on private bondholders without the need to declare a default .
The default threat was a way to depress bond prices in secondary markets , only to buy them back at a discount through the back door .
Indeed , almost two years of default threats by Correa were not enough to elicit a deep discount .
Only the probability of a default -- and the goal of avoiding even deeper haircuts -- can induce investors to liquidate their positions at a discount .
If the threshold spread is set reasonably high in order to achieve a significant discount , the stock of debt retired by the buyback would be marginal .
The discounted cost of the resulting stream of fixed annual costs totaled $ 800 billion , but damages avoided by this approach amounted to a discounted value of only $ 685 billion .
As a result , the research and development program essentially paid for itself , and total discounted benefits for the $ 800 billion investment climbed to more than $ 2.1 trillion .
Optimizing investment in the portfolio over time would , for example , increase the discounted benefits by more than a factor of three .
Moreover , with a quarter of the economy contracting -LRB- or stagnating when weather effects are discounted -RRB- , it is not hard to see why the MPC 's members can not agree .
