Owing to his influence with the Fatah militias , Barghouti 's release could help Abbas and the discredited Fatah leadership , and boost the younger generation of Fatah leaders .
In Gaza , where Hamas is in charge , the high price of armed resistance to Israel has discredited any attempts to revive the conflict .
Precisely for this reason , political opportunists in the US have long used the race card to discredit welfare and redistribution , from the Jim Crow system that segregated blacks in the South before 1964 to the infamous Reagan-era charge about black `` welfare queens '' who drive Cadillacs .
`` The events around the exhibition discredit the Russian Orthodox Church , just as the fatwah condemning Salman Rushdie to death discredited Islam , '' said Elena Bonner , Andrei Sakharov 's widow .
The ayatollah-dictator and the Revolutionary Guards have tried their best to discredit their opponents by concocting , through forced confessions at show trials , a conspiracy of regime change based on a `` velvet revolution '' produced by `` Western social sciences . ''
The discredited election results suggested that the country is geographically and ethnically divided , with the democratic opposition candidate Yushchenko winning overwhelmingly in seventeen western and central regions , while Yanukovich dominated in ten eastern and southern regions .
The European Union and eurozone leaders have seriously discredited themselves .
In fact , Olmert 's weak and discredited government may yet survive .
Keen to revive a more militant form of nationalism in their own countries , politicians like Strache , Wilders , and Dewinter see Israel as a kind of model -- a model discredited for a long time in Europe , owing to bad memories of fascism and Nazism .
Indeed , anti-Zionist leftists frequently attempt to discredit Israel by comparing its actions in Gaza and the West Bank to Nazi atrocities .
The cynical way in which despots try to discredit all opposition as the work of foreign agents no doubt plays a part in this silence .
For all the finger pointing at Wilders , just because Breivik professed to admire him , the acts of a deranged killer , others caution , should not be used to discredit what he stands for .
European plans for a Common Foreign and Security Policy and for closer defense cooperation seemed brutally discredited .
Complete estrangement from the US in Latin America will not only harm hemispheric relations , but may discredit broader ideas that are closely associated with the US .
Photographs , videos , and audio recordings of politicians and paramilitary thugs -LRB- including one who boasts of having personally killed more than 300 of his enemies -RRB- have discredited a political elite that , while never very popular , has now had some of the worst suspicions that many held about it graphically confirmed .
Photographs , videos , and audio recordings of politicians and paramilitary thugs -LRB- including one who boasts of having personally killed more than 300 of his enemies -RRB- have discredited a political elite that , while never very popular , has now had some of the worst suspicions that many held about it graphically confirmed .
But , despite its international isolation and its domestic discredit , Ortega 's has nonetheless renewed his pact with Alemán to preserve his misrule .
But chronic stalemate has confronted many Asian democracies with the threat of being discredited , a potential for violence , and the prospect of economic decline .
Indeed , if they disappoint , the very principles on which they are based-democracy and civil liberties-will be discredited .
Last week , US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said that McCulloch 's economics -- the economics of supply and demand -- was in no way discredited by the financial crisis , and was still extraordinarily useful .
But I think that much of economics has been discredited by the manifest failure of many economists to be as smart as McCulloch 's parrots were .
By contrast , authoritarian regimes ' repression of civilians , and their non-differentiation between civilians and killers , provides extremists with fertile recruiting conditions by discrediting the government in the eyes of a significant part of its population .
If not , the UN , NATO and the European Union will discredit themselves as well as the humanitarian values they use to justify their `` humanitarian '' interventions .
Their vision of a chauvinistic , inward-looking Serbia has been discredited , while Djindjic 's stance may become more popular due to his martyrdom .
Socialism collapsed a decade ago because it became discredited in the eyes of the peoples who lived under it .
Countercyclical fiscal policy had been largely discredited because of the delays involved in implementing fiscal changes and households ' weak response to temporary tax cuts .
If Ahmadinejad prevails , the dilemma for the West will be that it will have to deal with a regime discredited by election fraud , but still indispensable for resolving almost all of the Middle East 's important problems : Iran 's own nuclear program and the conflicts in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Iraq , Lebanon , and Palestine .
Wakefield 's work has now been thoroughly discredited as incorrect and dishonest science .
With rare exceptions , politics has become a discredited profession throughout the West .
The whole notion of democracy has been eroded and discredited , with the radicalization that engulfs many Muslim societies now spilling over into their emigrant communities in the West .
Since it is an economic crisis , most people seeking its intellectual roots are tempted to begin with economists , who , with a few exceptions , look particularly discredited .
But inflation targeting was never an obvious concept , and the financial crisis has discredited it .
In 1974 , the touted Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition never materialized , as the Liberal Democrats were wary of hitching their fortunes to an unpopular and discredited politician .
A brief history of the concept , and a comparison with another term that also became discredited by overuse , helps to explain what happened .
Or were conservative US anti-abortionists justified in sending actors with a false story into the offices of Planned Parenthood in order to discredit their opponents ?
There is now a need to break decisively with the discredited political logic that drives such decisions .
So are both types of capitalism discredited by a mire of deceit and bankruptcy ?
Many were stripped of their responsibilities , and the persons involved were discredited .
Though largely discredited inside the country , this militant movement still has a following around the world , and further protests may come at any time and in unpredictable forms .
But he makes that legitimate point in vain : having rested its case on misjudgments , the administration now finds itself discredited by its own intelligence estimate .
They showed that McNamara had sent the manuscript to the American Ambassador in South Vietnam , Ellsworth Bunker , who requested a certain Bob Kelly to write an overall report , with a view to discrediting my reporting , and arranged to get The Atlantic magazine -LRB- where Bunker mistakenly thought my article was scheduled to appear -RRB- to `` withhold publication . ''
Moreover , prosecutors ' efforts to uncover the truth are not a campaign to discredit the Turkish army , as some allege ; nor has the exposure of `` Sledgehammer '' led to an emerging showdown between `` secularists '' and `` Islamists . ''
Eight months later , a military committee investigating the case concluded that the plan was , indeed , drafted to damage and discredit the AKP and government .
The legal investigations now underway do not mark a showdown between Islamists and secularists , nor are they a campaign to discredit Turkey 's generals .
Russians who are dissatisfied with the system still have a limited choice : either support marginal , weak , and discredited oppositional candidates , or , hoping for modernization from the top , side with the very system they oppose .
The position fell vacant after senior officials , many of them Gabonese , were discredited in an embezzlement scandal that erupted in October 2009 .
With communism discredited and Catholicism waning , the connection - mental , psychological , even spiritual - of the land with defense of the fatherland , appears to be Poland 's last political certainty .
The other parties made it easier for him by discrediting each other , failing even to defend their own achievements over the previous 20 years .
Three Paths to America President George W. Bush 's free-falling popularity , his loss of control over Congress , the nagging doubts about the economy , and most of all his discredited reputation as a result of the debacle in Iraq all magnify the characteristic weakness of lame-duck American presidents .
Prime Minister Golda Meir , Defense Minister Moshe Dayan , Israel Defense Forces -LRB- IDF -RRB- Chief of Staff David Elazar , and the chief of military intelligence were all discredited and soon replaced .
But Europe 's 10-year-old Lisbon strategy to secure global high-tech leadership is widely discredited , which is a further reason to include a large R&D component in any EU-wide industrial program .
To make its case for a continued global leadership role , America must , however , step up to the plate . While the go-it-alone impulse of the Bush administration has been discredited by its consequences , the inverse lessons regarding how important collaborative action is in today 's interconnected world are still being learned .
This argument , long discredited , resonates in the actions of the Iraqi insurgents and their fanatical allies .
Constitutional patriotism , a concept developed by two German philosophers , Dolf Sternberger and Karl Jaspers , was intended to replace the nationalism that had been discredited in Germany by the country 's Nazi past .
The sole concern of these lavishly-funded front organizations was to sell Saddam Hussein abroad and discredit his opponents .
A factor that contributed to their demise was a shift in thinking that transformed the conflict between East and West away from one that emphasized economic systems . Instead , it was the contrast between totalitarianism and respect for rights that completely discredited the oppressive regimes linked to Moscow and helped to bring them down .
The new UN Human Rights Council has so far disappointed those who hoped that it would be a more principled and effective body than its discredited predecessor , the UN Human Rights Commission .
Although the most high-profile defendants , Slobodan Milosevic and Vojislav Seselj , are doing their best to discredit the tribunal , they will fail . The charge of bias is simply not sustainable .
Western reporting , once commended for its veracity , now seems discredited across China , although sympathetic coverage of the loss of life in Sichuan may have redeemed the Western media somewhat .
President Charles Taylor 's resignation from Liberia 's presidency and his exile in Nigeria is not only a welcome relief for the war-torn land he so misruled , but also perhaps a bellwether for other discredited dictators .
All of this discredited the negative views promulgated by the Soviet media .
While the Iraq War discredited the idea of coercive democratization , both Republicans and Democrats have a strong strand of idealism in their foreign policy orientations .
Though these claims are easily discredited , the `` Yes '' side has been unable to provide voters with sufficient reasons to vote for the Treaty .
The explosions over Gaza that night were not intended to entertain , but rather to break Hamas and discredit it in the eyes of Palestinians .
Fatah , and Palestinian moderates like President Mahmoud Abbas , have been totally discredited .
Bush 's presidency was discredited and sunk by the man whom he fatally selected to work for him .
We discredit ourselves and important principles when we say things that we do not mean .
Moreover , although Muslim religious and secular leaders are able to isolate millenarian terrorists and undercut their popular support , they lack the moral capital to completely discredit nationalist extremists groups like Hamas and Islamic Jihad , as long as the Muslim laity shares some of their goals . To the powerless , nationalist suicide bombers look like a great equalizer .
If Georgia 's new leaders fail to revive the country economically , and quickly , then the mythical allure of an authoritarian leader will be enhanced and democracy discredited .
It wants to pair the PPP with the discredited PML-Q and isolate the PML-N .
One factor diminishing the likelihood of governments intervening more directly in markets is that the recent crisis seems to have discredited government as much as it discredited the financial sector .
The US is not alone in having a discredited government .
Among his key proposals was the replacement of the largely discredited UN Commission on Human Rights -- a body that has no mechanism for excluding even notorious human-rights violators like Libya , Cuba , or Zimbabwe -- with a new Human Rights Council , where such embarrassments would in theory not be tolerated .
The US will be crippled by its high debt , under-performing economy , and discredited economic model .
Their supporters in the media have spewed a stream of disinformation and leaked wiretaps to discredit and embarrass the accused .
Bush , alas , led an aggressive effort to discredit climate science rather than to respond to its findings .
The authors show that the same group of mischief-makers , given a platform by the free-market ideologues of The Wall Street Journal 's editorial page , has consistently tried to confuse the public and discredit the scientists whose insights are helping to save the world from unintended environmental harm .
Today 's campaigners against action on climate change are in many cases backed by the same lobbies , individuals , and organizations that sided with the tobacco industry to discredit the science linking smoking and lung cancer .
Then , when it was discovered that certain chemicals called chlorofluorocarbons -LRB- CFCs -RRB- were causing the depletion of ozone in the atmosphere , the same groups launched a nasty campaign to discredit that science , too .
We are witnessing a predictable process by ideologues and right-wing think tanks and publications to discredit the scientific process .
If we add up these three factors -- the enormous economic challenge of reducing greenhouse gases , the complexity of climate science , and deliberate campaigns to confuse the public and discredit the science -- we arrive at the fourth and over-arching problem : US politicians ' unwillingness or inability to formulate a sensible climate-change policy .
In Germany , the old Prussian elite successfully managed the country 's industrialization in the late nineteenth century , but was discredited by defeat in World War I. Nazism filled the ensuing vacuum , and a new equilibrium would be established only after World War II .
Failure discredits only the party or coalition in power , not the entire political system .
Is it competitive enough to prevent discredited leaders from clinging to power ?
But investigative journalism becomes discredited when it is suborned to `` expose '' the private lives of the famous when no issue of public interest is involved .
Similarly , central banks adopted monetarism with a fervor in the late 1970 's and early 1980 's , just as empirical evidence discrediting the underlying theories was mounting .
After monetarism was discredited -- at great cost to those countries that succumbed to it -- the quest began for a new mantra .
Until recently , Muslim fundamentalists were discredited , because militias such as `` al-Badr '' and `` Razakar '' had supported atrocities against civilians during the civil war of 1971 .
Self-help has replaced the discredited notion that foreign countries will come to Russia 's rescue .
It is , after all , President Kuchma who is discredited , not Ukraine 's constitutional arrangements .
Now we must lead a nation in which -- thanks to the cynical ploys and hate-filled rhetoric of a discredited regime -- some sections seem to be set against the democracy we seek to build .
With official figures widely discredited , private analysts estimate that consumer prices are rising at an annual rate of 25 % or more .
Psychiatry 's Conceptual Malpractice NEW YORK -- The American Psychiatric Association 's recent proposed changes to its official diagnostic manual -- the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- `` DSM '' -RRB- , often called the `` bible of psychiatry '' -- may discredit psychiatric diagnosis more than improve it .
In the near term , the most likely counterweight could be a liberal coalition with a heavy component of former members of deposed President Hosni Mubarak 's National Democratic Party -LRB- NDP -RRB- -- that is , those who have not been discredited by their association with Mubarak .
After all , the fixes had already been decided and approved , before any fact was found ; the Commission 's focus was on supporting or discrediting -LRB- depending on the commissioner 's political party -RRB- the Dodd\/Frank legislation , rather than on establishing the truth .
