We may dislike it , but the EU is part of our system of government , like municipalities , regions , and nation-states .
But although Russians dislike the powerful , and cherish underdogs and martyrs , a man in jail no longer looks strong .
President Putin 's behavior is probably best explained by his dislike for democracy .
Regardless of whether Georgians like or dislike Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvilli , they want to go West , too .
`` We are a strong country to which the whole world attributes nuclear capabilities , and in regional terms we are a superpower . '' He then expressed his dislike for comparing the Iranian threat to the Holocaust , `` because it cheapens the Holocaust and stretches current challenges beyond their proper place .
A man who has any `` feminine '' traits is `` poco hombre '' : boys who dislike soccer , men who enjoy the opera or express unmanly feelings such as sadness or tenderness , husbands who help with the housework or tend to their children , are considered effeminate .
They dislike the business leaders who take home huge sums even when they fail , and they hate to see poor and excluded people in their midst .
BERKELEY -- When the European Central Bank announced its program of government-bond purchases , it let financial markets know that it thoroughly disliked the idea , was not fully committed to it , and would reverse the policy as soon as it could .
Many non-Japanese Asians will dislike most or all of Fujiwara 's message , for they will hear unpleasant historical echoes .
He disliked his predecessor , Mikhail Gorbachev , as much his predecessors disliked their predecessors .
By the time a revised task force added dislike of public speaking in 1987 , the disorder seemed sufficiently elastic to include virtually everyone on the planet .
Euroskepticism represents everything the Eurocrats dislike .
Whatever the causes , official corruption is creating a situation in which many Afghans fear the rapaciousness of the government nearly as much as they dislike the Taliban , which can now credibly claim the ability to provide security and swift justice in the areas they control , albeit at a very high price .
As in 2002 , the winner next year will be whomever the electorate dislikes or fears less .
Ashcroft is much less known internationally than Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , but he is an even match in arousing dislike for the US among those who do know him .
Some conservatives disliked the crude egalitarianism of American culture , while some on the left saw America 's faith in markets as a symbol of capitalist exploitation of the working class .
The PDP , in power since military rule ended in 1999 , is widely disliked .
So my own hope is that Obama will not be dissuaded from trying to work with his opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views he may thoroughly dislike .
If a shareholder dislikes , say , how GM 's directors are running the company -LRB- and , in the 1980 's and 1990 's , they were running it into the ground -RRB- , she is free to nominate new directors , but she must pay their hefty elections costs , and should expect that no one , particularly not GM , will ever reimburse her .
Even those who dislike him sometimes conclude that he is the best all the possible options , and he has improved his position by persistently weeding out Chechen military forces that are not directly under his command .
Politicians and lawyers may dislike this solution , because it undermines the EU 's principle of social inclusion for employment and resembles arrangements that currently apply to EU citizens who live in other member countries without working there .
But the interlinking of consulting and auditing practices puts other perverse incentives in place : an incentive to please the clients , who dislike unfavorable reports .
For maintaining a constitutional order and viable free market requires an intuitive dislike of arbitrariness , a sensitivity to its manifestations , and spontaneous resistance .
Ordinary people also dislike honest workers .
A majority of Chinese dislike Kim Jong-il 's dynastic Leninist regime .
