The revival of democratic politics in Pakistan will undoubtedly effect Pakistan-US relations .
Or , in the words of Abba Eban , it may be yet another opportunity to miss an opportunity . How the Palestinians respond depends largely on how the Palestinian body politic deals with the growing power of Palestinian Islamic movements , which undoubtedly expect a significant share of power in post-withdrawal Gaza . Will armed groups resume their fight against Israel , or will the Palestinian Authority act to defuse or combat the attacks ?
Russia 's oligarchs are undoubtedly unpopular , and Khodorovsky 's arrest was evidently aimed at boosting Putin 's prospects in the looming parliamentary and presidential elections .
If Ukraine becomes a democracy , it will undoubtedly soon develop the rule of law .
Here , undoubtedly , is a complicated strategy , and one with its own inherent pitfalls .
The notion of a single set of criteria to evaluate the governance of publicly traded firms worldwide is undoubtedly appealing .
The Jordan Valley and the hills of Judea and Samaria are , undoubtedly , strategic assets for a country whose width is that of the length of a Manhattan avenue .
The new property rights law undoubtedly offers stronger protection to Chinese citizens , in particular homeowners , by equalizing the legal status of private and state property .
Not all Asian countries walked the line to the same extent , and some opportunities for reform were undoubtedly lost , but important lessons were learned and institutions improved .
Praise for the document 's uniqueness will undoubtedly be heard , and in this they wo n't be boasting , because the EU Constitution is unlike any other constitution ever written .
Between L'Aquila and Copenhagen , there will undoubtedly be difficult discussions over interim targets for developed countries .
China will undoubtedly find the EU a tough negotiating partner .
Revolutionary Islamism is undoubtedly dangerous and bloody .
And even those who did know something about American power , doubted that the Americans would accept the dangers and expense of defending Europe against Communism after Nazi Germany was defeated .
In the long run , the answer undoubtedly lies in the transformation of the Mexican left , and partly also of the Mexican right .
Uribe has spent weeks directly and personally lobbying key American legislators , and he is undoubtedly his own best advocate .
Uribe has spent weeks directly and personally lobbying key American legislators , and he is undoubtedly his own best advocate .
While the IFE undoubtedly committed several serious public-relations mistakes during last year 's election , it remains one of Mexico 's most respected institutions , with credibility ratings that are regularly double or triple those of Congress and the three political parties .
To be sure , Chávez is absolutely crucial to FARC 's survival , given its current , undoubtedly weakened condition .
Bolsa Familia has been a stunning electoral success , and undoubtedly increased bottom-of-the-pyramid consumption in Brazil .
Humans will continue to push against our existing boundaries , whether out of necessity , curiosity , pleasure , or greed , so more virus jumps will undoubtedly occur .
Undoubtedly , at the forthcoming summit between the leaders of the two countries , India 's Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee will not miss any opportunity to ask the same question of his Pakistani counterpart .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Sudan sits at the proverbial crossroads between potential peace and possible nationwide conflict , which would undoubtedly become the world 's deadliest conventional war in 2011 .
Further EU enlargement is undoubtedly in Turkey 's interest , and in Europe 's , too .
No , Brigitte Bardot -- we still anticipate the arrival of Gerard Depardieu any day now -- and other celebrities , people unable to shed a tear for our unwanted orphans or for the mass poverty left behind by Ceausecu , fly into Bucharest -LRB- undoubtedly by first class -RRB- to protect the wild dogs and denounce our mayor .
After five and a half years of war no one doubted the inevitability of occupation .
Whatever the particular values of leading candidates , this is undoubtedly progress .
This is , undoubtedly , a difficult demand to make of politicians , particularly given the legacy of xenophobic politics in so many member states .
In the second round of voting , Chirac will undoubtedly defeat Le Pen , possibly with a record majority .
In all these cases , the liability holders -- i.e. , the depositors -- have been promised liquidity , yet that promise can not be kept if it is ever doubted .
It is being doubted now .
President Lula 's poorest supporters undoubtedly expect him to transform Brazil from the world 's most unequal society into a modern social democracy .
South Korea undoubtedly faces the biggest dilemma , and the way forward will have to await the conclusions of the investigation into the sinking of its warship and the deaths of its sailors .
Undoubtedly , some truth exists here .
A big depreciation of the Yen would undoubtedly stimulate trade , but because Japan is a very closed economy -LRB- like Europe and the US -RRB- , it will also quickly incite a bond and stock market crises , raising interest rates and causing Japanese finances to deteriorate even more .
While these factors undoubtedly placed upward pressure on food prices , they alone can not explain the steep hikes .
No matter how much Barack Obama may have loathed the views of George W. Bush , he had to be initiated into state secrets by the former president , in a confidential -- and undoubtedly genial -- meeting .
This is undoubtedly to the good , and necessary to the conduct of orderly democratic life ; but to those not used to it , the ability to combine enmity with bonhomie can seem counterintuitive .
Undoubtedly , the Great Recession triggered by the global financial crisis has contributed to this worrisome situation .
An injection of renewed purpose from the EU 's political leaders is undoubtedly needed .
Injecting Bismarck 's name into the debate will undoubtedly trouble Franco-German cooperation .
In fact , the opposite is true . New energy and environmental technologies will undoubtedly drive growth in the future .
Libyan politics will undoubtedly continue to be based on Gaddafi 's `` Green Book '' and `` people power , '' as expressed in its People 's Congress .
This is something that Serbia will undoubtedly reject , with the backing of Vladimir Putin 's Russia .
Democracy has undoubtedly achieved success around the world .
In any case , the blow to confidence from so horrific and unprecedented a terrorist act will undoubtedly have a sharp short-term impact on real demand as well as unsettle financial markets : but it can not in itself lead to long term recession or chronic destabilization of financial markets .
However flawed the electoral process in Iran undoubtedly was , no one , including its tired and discouraged reform-minded opposition , doubts that 18 million people have voted , in the words of the new president , against democracy and for a return to the Islamic revolution .
The vibrant pro-Western , pro-American , and anti-mullah society , on which American and European hopes relied , undoubtedly exists , but mostly among the educated and urban middle class .
Back in March 1999 , few NATO leaders doubted that removing Milosevic from Kosovo by force was the right thing to do .
It is always risky to speculate about hidden motives ; nevertheless , systematic disparagement of Israeli society and culture undoubtedly encourages the sense that anti-Semitism , too , is a permitted prejudice .
This is undoubtedly why the Pakistani government refused an Indian offer to send in helicopters for relief work in and around Muzaffarabad , the flattened capital of Pakistani-administered Kashmir .
Every effort must be made to ensure that future disagreements , which will undoubtedly arise , do less damage .
Such firms undoubtedly start to clamor for protection against supposedly `` unfair '' conditions .
Greece undoubtedly has serious problems today .
If all goes well , these hedge funds -- and of course the banks that are already undoubtedly Too Big to Fail -LRB- TBTF -RRB- -- get a great deal of upside .
Undoubtedly , the US will try to build closer ties with Indonesia through greater military cooperation , because Indonesia borders the region 's key sea lines of communications .
But the most important thing is that people are free to think , which Russia 's people undoubtedly are now free to do .
Final negotiations over North Korea 's nuclear ambitions will undoubtedly need to take place between the US and Kim Jong Il .
He tried to humanize it and undo the cruelty of Stalinist orthodoxy , but never doubted that the Leninist system was the way of the future .
China 's succession , though set , will nonetheless bring a period of uncertainty , while South Korea will undoubtedly face its usual no-holds-barred democratic battle in its coming presidential election .
John Paul II was undoubtedly conservative when he commented on Catholic dogma , but the institution of the Catholic Church is based on the Ten Commandments and dogmas which can not be changed .
Much of the early focus of the Obama administration will undoubtedly be on the economy and the war in Iraq .
Europeans are undoubtedly more pessimistic than Americans about progress in general , and recent events merely seem to have reinforced this stance .
But developing countries ' currencies will undoubtedly become more prominent in the longer term .
When the Kyoto treaty enters into force on February 16 , the global warming community will undoubtedly congratulate itself : to do good they have secured the most expensive worldwide treaty ever . They have succeeded in making global warming a central moral test of our time .
Although these policies have undoubtedly helped residents of disadvantaged neighborhoods , they have not been sufficiently ambitious to dampen resentment .
Undoubtedly , much of the current situation will be best understood with the benefit of time , but five lessons are already coming into focus , and we should consider their implications for the choices policymakers will make in the future .
Ukraine may undoubtedly be of the East , but it is the East of Europe .
Undoubtedly , however , the region 's political authorities , no less than families themselves , will be forced to accept the inconsistencies of the traditional model when it comes to the transformation of the condition of women .
The 2008 version of Prime Minister Putin will undoubtedly be stronger than the 1999 version .
Thus , although Serbia 's loss of sovereignty over Kosovo will undoubtedly be painful in the short term , the long-term gains for the entire Western Balkans region from eventual EU accession are vastly more significant .
Restructuring the role of Turkey 's army is vital , but if Turkey can not follow through with the Armenian and Kurdish openings , the country 's own domestic situation , its relations with the two peoples , as well as tensions in the Caucasus , will undoubtedly worsen .
Strong global demand , owing to emerging economies like China , has undoubtedly fueled some of the price increase .
Huge bets have undoubtedly been placed on the bonds of GM , Ford , Chrysler , and GMAC , and bankruptcy will be a CDS triggering event requiring repayment of these bonds .
There are undoubtedly colossal problems in Detroit , and the bosses of the Big Three automakers could never be convicted of an excess of imagination .
The Communist Party 's official verdict , undoubtedly the product of fierce ideological disputes , is that he was a great Marxist and revolutionary , whose `` gross mistakes '' during the Cultural Revolution were outweighed by his contribution to China . `` His merits , '' it argues , `` are primary and his errors secondary . ''
I do not think , therefore , that Obama will be too vexed by some of the criticism he faces at the end of his first year in office , though he will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedy 's old seat .
Terrorist groups would undoubtedly like to get their hands on one .
This undoubtedly would be going too far .
Further , the Continent will undoubtedly need some transformative changes of its economic institutions to establish high-performance economies .
Undoubtedly , international institutions and countries in the global South have far more urgent goals than to spend resources suing greedy companies .
But the greatest leverage will undoubtedly come from policies that foster ongoing and rapid migration from the countryside to the cities .
Of course , the economic prosperity that European unification has delivered undoubtedly lures new members , but the EU 's attraction extends far beyond pocketbook issues .
Undoubtedly , most of the credit belongs to the initiative and hard work Chinese entrepreneurs and laborers .
In addition to explicit protectionist measures , governments now plan actions that will affect others across the globe . For example , the large volume of public debt that industrial countries will issue will undoubtedly raise interest rates and affect developing country governments ' borrowing costs .
In America , columnists and editorialists questioned and doubted US policies .
A bit of opportunism is also at work , for they undoubtedly also oppose EU regulation of taxation and social norms , adoption of which would deny them their comparative advantage for Western investors .
The 20 % revaluation of the renminbi against the US dollar in 2005-2008 undoubtedly facilitated this in the case of recipient countries whose currencies did not also appreciate against the dollar .
Totally fair burden-sharing may not be possible , but a security organization like NATO undoubtedly allows us to come closer to it than any other approach .
Europe 's main strength in foreign policy is not its commitment to a rules-based multilateralism , important as that undoubtedly is , but its unity .
These labels are undoubtedly useful to consumers , but it is unlikely that many manufacturers , if given the choice , would have introduced them on their own .
These women -- and Tereshkova is undoubtedly among them -- were shocked by the changes they saw before them .
They may be , to some extent , under the control of governments , and undoubtedly bad government is a major contributor to poverty .
But the ethical significance of such research goes far beyond the undoubted importance of saving critically ill patients .
We can also accept that al-Zawahiri is undoubtedly a dangerous foe , still active in a terrorist movement , and that he is a legitimate military target .
Yet China will undoubtedly become the world 's largest economic power in the foreseeable future .
He accused the British of being `` defeatist '' and argued that Afghanistan 's deteriorating security situation could be addressed with an Iraq-style `` surge , '' which has undoubtedly brought down violence levels in that country .
In John Kenneth Galbraith 's summary : `` Either from a shortage of borrowers , an unwillingness to lend , or an overriding desire to be liquid -- undoubtedly it was some of all three -- the banks accumulated reserves in excess of requirements .
In its first episode , Ferguson appears amid the splendid monuments of China 's Ming Dynasty , which , in the fifteenth century , was undoubtedly the greatest civilization of the day , with its naval expeditions reaching the coasts of Africa .
America undoubtedly needs more allies to bring Iraq 's chaos under control and to build an Iraqi state that is seen as legitimate both by Iraqis and the world .
Shi Tao , in his jail cell , was undoubtedly pleased to learn that China is ruled by law , not by the Communist Party .
Admittedly , Brazil may soon elect a president that global financial markets do not like ; but if international financial markets take precedence over democratic choice , the system is undoubtedly flawed .
In this transition , services will undoubtedly grow .
No one ever doubted that the Euro would gain acceptance as a currency - in economists ' jargon , that the Euro would become an important `` medium of exchange , '' or even a good `` store of value . ''
If there was not outright corruption in the $ 7 billion in contracts awarded to Halliburton , whose former chairman was Vice President Dick Cheney , there was undoubtedly a strong whiff of crony capitalism .
Both the Bush administration and the EU would undoubtedly have preferred less criticism of their trade regimes , which have such adverse effects on developing countries .
The contraction of property and stock markets will undoubtedly dampen US household borrowing and demand , potentially triggering a downward spiral .
But we should not rush to abandon bio-fuels , despite some undoubtedly poor policies in recent years .
Meanwhile , rich countries ' agricultural subsidies and tariffs have undoubtedly undermined food production in developing countries .
While undoubtedly mitigating the impact of the crisis , Europe 's `` automatic stabilizers '' are now said to be enough to ensure recovery , despite strong evidence to the contrary .
While these undoubtedly need to be addressed in the longer term , prioritizing them now effectively stymies stronger , sustained recovery efforts .
Some problems will undoubtedly arise from the fact that Mr. Berlusconi will be again bogged down by charges of `` conflict of interest . ''
This undoubtedly had a negative impact on productivity growth .
Although a tax increase will undoubtedly be needed , it is the wrong priority at the moment -- and could prove counter-productive if it causes the economy to decline dramatically .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and recent statements by CIA Director George Tenet that North Korea possesses missiles capable of reaching the US West Coast undoubtedly shocked Americans out of their complacency over North Korea 's nuclear status .
Undoubtedly , most Japanese strongly support the US-Japan alliance .
Undoubtedly , South Sudan would face colossal challenges as a sovereign state , but the alternative -- an inevitable return to war -- would be incalculably worse , both for Sudan and for Africa .
So India is likely to ask the US to use its undoubted clout with Pakistan -- the US is a huge donor of both military and economic assistance to its near-bankrupt ally -- to demand tougher action against the militants on its territory .
The cause of the Allied forces was undoubtedly superior to that of the Nazis or the Japanese , and the war against them was just and necessary .
Pure interests -- expressed through lobbying power -- were undoubtedly important to several key deregulation measures in the US , whose political system and campaign-finance rules are peculiarly conducive to the power of specific lobbies .
Nobody ever doubted that Ukraine had changed vastly in its twelve years of independence .
There are undoubtedly `` natural '' barriers , such as language and national mentalities , which can not be overcome swiftly . But there are also big `` man-made '' barriers , particularly those created by different national legislation in the fields of investor and consumer protection .
The issue of negotiating a rapprochement between Afghanistan 's government and the Taliban is undoubtedly controversial .
The online protest that ensued undoubtedly played a role in the government 's decision to abolish the system and arrest the officials involved in the case .
The global financial crisis has undoubtedly exacerbated the challenge of climate change .
But if the West is to curtail Al Qaeda 's activities in Yemen , it will need to push Saleh into reaching accommodations with both the Houthis and the southerners , and this will undoubtedly mean sharing power with them . Saleh will undoubtedly resist such an effort .
Although Karzai undoubtedly spent time praying at Islam 's holiest site , his mission was intended to prove more than his piety .
The al-Saud will undoubtedly be ruthless in seeking out the individuals directly implicated in the terrorist bombings .
Kan undoubtedly hopes that success in convincing trade partners to lift their bans on such products will boost his exceptionally weak domestic political support .
