A couple of well-known opposition politicians , a chief minister and a federal cabinet minister of the previous pro-Musharraf government , were publicly thrashed , raising doubts about government control over law and order in the country .
Obviously , Turkey 's Islamists are not the only ones with serious doubts about the war .
Well aware of western doubts about the party , Erdogan traveled immediately after the elections to western capitals , pressing his argument that the change in government had not changed Turkey 's fundamental orientation .
To convince skeptics , the party will have to break with conventional Turkish policies on Cyprus , and with conventional Islamist doubts about Europe .
After all , in becoming more European , is n't Turkey entitled to share Europe 's doubts about a war with Iraq ?
Both the dominant Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- and its secular rivals remain publicly committed to pursuing EU membership , but in practice doubts have emerged .
No matter what policy the Bush administration adopts , European reservations and doubts should be taken into account .
Confusion and doubts arise now because of vagueness about the likely uses of the Rapid Reaction Force , a key step in developing these common policies .
Israel is not wrong to cast serious doubts on the efficacy of the measures that the United States pretends to take in the hope of curtailing Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
That changed when the US bombing against the Taliban began ; doubts over the wisdom of the US campaign combined with resentment at seeing a super-modern superpower pound away at a medieval country devastated by decades of war .
Moreover , the countries on Europe 's periphery remain in difficulty , as doubts about the sustainability of adjustment programs have resurfaced .
No one in South Korea 's conservative movement doubts that Park is one of them .
While no one doubts the willingness of Iraqi judges to try their former `` head of state '' in a national court , the novelty of such an effort and its political implications suggest some type of international participation for the sake of competence and , most of all , impartiality .
But such doubts ignore the political and cultural factors that buttress a deep European commitment to preserve the monetary union .
The `` crisis within the crisis '' exposed the eurozone 's weak governance and revived doubts about the viability of a monetary union with large competitiveness gaps between its members .
But doubts are growing .
Even as cheering crowds in Sirte and Tripoli were rejoicing at the despot 's death , others voiced doubts over the manner of his humiliating end .
I believe that Calderón declared this war because he felt the need to legitimize himself before Mexico 's people , given the doubts surrounding his victory in the 2006 presidential election -- doubts that his supporters , like me , never shared .
But there are doubts as to what it can achieve in the long run to eradicate poverty .
Third , Rousseff 's rhetoric and origins as a militant leftist feed doubts as to whether she will pursue Lula 's pragmatic , centrist economic and social policies .
NEW DELHI -- America 's war in Afghanistan is approaching a tipping point , with doubts about President Barack Obama 's strategy growing .
In Britain , proposed legislation concerning incitement to religious hatred and terrorism has led to emotional parliamentary debates -- and to doubts about the liberal credentials of Tony Blair 's government .
In the EU , European integration is taken for granted by most political parties in the older member states of the Union , but a sizeable portion of these electorates have doubts about it , and in the EU 's candidate countries , the doubts run even stronger .
Turkey , after much huffing and puffing , has had its status as an officially recognized candidate for membership reaffirmed , even if mighty doubts remain as to when it will actually join .
That was , I think , part of the reason for many commentators ' doubts about Bernanke 's continued suitability .
But recently -- and increasingly so in recent months -- central bankers ' doubts about the utility of the transparency initiative have increased .
Meanwhile , doubts still surround the political and institutional machinery the EU will need to realize these and other ambitious goals .
A clean sweep , however , will ultimately be good for stocks and certainly much better than cover-up and lingering doubts about what the books really look like .
It seems unlikely that Ron Paul , the libertarian chairman of the US Senate Banking Committee , who doubts that even the US needs a central bank , would be inclined to agree .
The US debt-ceiling fiasco has raised doubts in the minds of central bankers about the advisability of holding dollars , while Europe 's failure to resolve its sovereign-debt crisis continues to fuel doubt that the euro can survive .
Anyone who doubts this need only think back to 1992 , when the European Monetary System fell apart .
Not only is there insufficient political will for an international force , but , more importantly , there are valid doubts about the feasibility and prospects for the success of such an operation .
Similar doubts apply to Abbas .
But EU member governments ' behavior during the past few months raises grave doubts about whether they see things this way .
So long as the ECB does not acknowledge the doubts now hovering around Europe 's economies , there is a risk of a crash .
Now the Erdogan government 's lukewarm support for US policy on Iraq exposes Turkey to doubts about America 's commitment to its economic well being , and global markets may question its ability to service its $ 100 billion public-sector debt in 2003 and 2004 .
So long as EU leaders can not answer that question , financial markets will continue to harbor doubts about the euro 's long-term stability .
However flawed the electoral process in Iran undoubtedly was , no one , including its tired and discouraged reform-minded opposition , doubts that 18 million people have voted , in the words of the new president , against democracy and for a return to the Islamic revolution .
If it chooses to take the predominant role in transforming the Iraqi government , instead of relying on the UN , Arab doubts will grow .
Finally , another major consequence of the US-Colombia deal are the doubts that it has created in Latin America about President Barack Obama 's administration , and about the future of relations between the US and South America , especially Brazil , the main regional power .
Zimbabwe 's ongoing economic decline under the misrule of President Robert Mugabe has raised doubts about NEPAD 's key innovation , its self-monitoring instrument , the African Peer Review Mechanism .
FLORENCE -- Fears about sovereign debt and doubts about the euro rescue package have pushed the question of international reserve currencies to the fore .
As pro-democracy protests shake Arab authoritarian regimes , the prospect of sustained conflict threatens a global economy still dependent on oil , while the aftermath of the Japanese earthquake and nuclear accident raises doubts about the security of nuclear energy .
Today , the major `` beneficiaries '' -- in fact , victims -- of dollar doubts are economies that are much smaller than Japan or Germany .
The doubts that many Asians now hold about China 's intentions are well grounded , given the secretive nature of China 's military build-up , and its leaders ' increasingly aggressive tone in territorial disputes with India , Japan , the Philippines , and Vietnam .
But there remain doubts about the true level of China 's military spending , owing to a pronounced lack of transparency in the budget process .
The threat of crisis in 2011 has eased , but doubts about the longer term remain .
Malaise has grown ever more acute after many Bolivian political leaders and their supporters , worn down by the regional crisis of the 1990 's , expressed doubts over the modernization process .
Three Paths to America President George W. Bush 's free-falling popularity , his loss of control over Congress , the nagging doubts about the economy , and most of all his discredited reputation as a result of the debacle in Iraq all magnify the characteristic weakness of lame-duck American presidents .
I have learned , however , in the more than ten years that have passed since I felt that burning , to honor exile , doing so in the name of all that is challenge and epiphany , of all the doubts and the lifelong apprenticeship it implies , for its emptiness and richness , for the unfettering of myself and the clash within myself .
The doubts inspired at the Congress may have been inchoate , but they nonetheless sowed genuine unrest .
Nobody talked about the revolution leaders ' mistakes , doubts , hesitations , and ignorance .
No one doubts that Barroso is in an awkward position .
France 's successful presidency has intensified doubts about the effectiveness of the Commission and its president , so much so that even in Paris concerns are being voiced that the Brussels executive must somehow be strengthened if it is not to become a mere secretariat .
Barroso needs to respond to all these doubts .
Indeed , persistent doubts among the French about Royal 's competence and Sarkozy 's character are the primary reasons for his dramatic rise in public opinion polls , from 7 % support at the start of the campaign to 22 % now .
Multiplying initiatives , being everywhere at once , accelerating the pace of reforms at the risk of confusing quality and quantity , breaking taboos , and blurring the lines between secularism and religion , Sarkozy has reinforced lingering doubts about a brilliant politician 's ability to become a statesman or at least an effective ruler .
These doubts are even stronger among those who consider the ideals of a social Europe insufficiently fulfilled , owing to the right 's political dominance : control of 18 of 25 governments , the same number of European commissioners , and a majority in the European Parliament .
What is remarkable is not just the violence and threats against Vilks -- anyone who doubts the determination of Islamist extremists in Sweden should watch the YouTube clip from that lecture -- but also the reaction from the otherwise radically secular Swedish establishment .
Systemic risk raises doubts about the solvency of over-indebted countries , which means that these countries ' efforts to consolidate their fiscal position and promote reform do not lead to improvement in financial conditions , which is essential for overcoming the crisis and promoting recovery .
A leader who respects his or her opponents is more likely to earn respect himself than one who doubts their patriotism and resents their criticism .
No one doubts that North Korea is responsible for its own delinquent behavior .
Yet eight months before that dream formally comes true , doubts in Eastern Europe about the benefits of EU membership are mounting .
This feeds doubts about solidarity 's usefulness .
But the uproar caused by these decisions reinforces , rather than dispels , doubts .
For much of the developing world , the basic instability of international relations -- owing to terrorist strikes , guerrilla warfare , and the preemptive wars that America threatens on its enemies -- is aggravating socioeconomic anxieties and fueling doubts about the benefits of globalization .
While Chinese export industries remain highly competitive , there are understandable doubts about the post-crisis state of foreign demand for Chinese products .
We now realize even the most sophisticated market players were clueless about the new financial instruments that emerged , and no one now doubts that the financial industry needs an overhaul .
But that self-assured attitude has all but disappeared , replaced by doubts , questions , and skepticism .
Furthermore , economists have been reluctant to share their intellectual doubts with the public , lest they `` empower the barbarians . ''
Low or negative population growth also implies lower potential economic growth and therefore worse debt-to-GDP dynamics and increasingly grave doubts about the sustainability of public-sector debt .
According to Kosovo President Fatmir Sejdiu , `` The decision finally removes all doubts that countries which still do not recognize the Republic of Kosovo could have . ''
No one doubts that intelligence operations and police actions are needed to fight terrorists .
Of course , Morales ' election also raises many important short-term doubts and questions .
What is amazing is that , although these attacks on science have been wrong for 30 years , they still sow doubts about established facts .
Of course , doubts about the ruling elite are not unique to India .
Instead of an expansionist Russian empire confronting Imperial Britain , it is now a China hungry for land , water , and raw materials that is flexing its muscles , encroaching on Himalayan redoubts and directly challenging India .
Now , however , increasingly bad news is giving rise to serious doubts ; dark clouds are hovering over the United States , in particular .
Foreign investment is already at its nadir , due to the lingering political crisis following the fall of the Suharto dictatorship , and to doubts about the soundness of the country 's institutional and legal capacity .
True , there were always some nagging doubts about the European welfare state , mostly starting in the 1980 's , when globalization arrived at Europe 's door .
That the traditional left is so inert in the midst of today 's economic crisis is more than strange . Instead of thriving on renewed doubts about capitalism , Europe 's Socialist parties have failed to make any serious political inroads .
On the other side is the risk of excessive debt , currency instability , and -- where unemployment is structural -- doubts about the benefits of additional stimulus .
In the United States , the Supreme Court opted against a recount in Florida in 2000 , fueling widespread doubts about the legitimacy of the result .
Even though 10 % of US households with mortgages had already lost their homes , the pace of foreclosures appeared to be increasing -- or would have , were it not for legal snafus that raised doubts about America 's vaunted `` rule of law . ''
So the next time you hear rumblings in the legislature of an emerging democratic country against this or that `` technocratic '' proposal , think twice before dismissing the deputies ' doubts as populist rants .
Developing countries ' alleged gains from capital market liberalization have been widely discussed -LRB- although recent studies raise some doubts about these benefits -RRB- .
Euro-skepticism is now at an all-time high in Turkey , fueled by some European political leaders ' rhetoric opposing Turkey 's accession , and by the EU 's own failure to dispel doubts about the feasibility of Turkey 's eventual membership .
If the Marchers had doubts , they conquered them with the help of Communist propaganda .
Even the genocidal Khmer Rouge were , for a brief time , partly defended by the US in their forest redoubts after their eviction from Phnom Penh .
When the election results are declared next year , no one doubts that the first challenge will be to cobble together another coalition .
Yet no one doubts that Pakistan 's all-powerful military intelligence has , over the last two decades , created and supported terror organizations as instruments of Pakistani policy in Afghanistan and India .
No one doubts that Jiang Zemin knows how to maintain an authoritarian regime .
But whatever the outcome , it is urgent that doubts about the safety of these drugs are resolved .
The dramatic dissolution of the Soviet Union stands as a reminder of what can happen to organizations when doubts take hold as to whether they still serve any real interests other than those of their own apparatchiks -- and how suddenly such doubts can grow when they attempt to convert themselves into something they are not .
Most seriously , doubts persist about his commitment to democracy , with critics arguing he 's an old-style African `` big man '' ready to bully opponents and ravage the public coffers with his cronies .
