A couple of well-known opposition politicians , a chief minister and a federal cabinet minister of the previous pro-Musharraf government , were publicly thrashed , raising doubts about government control over law and order in the country .
The revival of democratic politics in Pakistan will undoubtedly effect Pakistan-US relations .
Or , in the words of Abba Eban , it may be yet another opportunity to miss an opportunity . How the Palestinians respond depends largely on how the Palestinian body politic deals with the growing power of Palestinian Islamic movements , which undoubtedly expect a significant share of power in post-withdrawal Gaza . Will armed groups resume their fight against Israel , or will the Palestinian Authority act to defuse or combat the attacks ?
But Palestinian security officials doubt that these will be the last casualties .
The connection between R&D and growth is too obvious to doubt that Europe 's sluggish economies are a direct result of European backwardness at innovation - and that this in turn may reflect the absence of critical military spending to drive investments in research and development .
There should be no doubt as to the answer to this question , except in the minds of politicians who fail to raise it because they refuse to think beyond the coming presidential election .
Obviously , Turkey 's Islamists are not the only ones with serious doubts about the war .
Well aware of western doubts about the party , Erdogan traveled immediately after the elections to western capitals , pressing his argument that the change in government had not changed Turkey 's fundamental orientation .
There is no doubt that the political and economic program of Erdogan and his party is a dramatic departure from traditional Turkish Islamism .
To convince skeptics , the party will have to break with conventional Turkish policies on Cyprus , and with conventional Islamist doubts about Europe .
After all , in becoming more European , is n't Turkey entitled to share Europe 's doubts about a war with Iraq ?
No doubt , this case will attract the Russian and international press .
When in doubt , the principle of subsidiarity suggests that national states remain supreme ;
Both the dominant Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- and its secular rivals remain publicly committed to pursuing EU membership , but in practice doubts have emerged .
Some investors , doubtful of the sustainability of some countries ' public debt , began to worry about the viability of the euro itself .
But , given past European experience , there is serious reason to doubt that , in the absence of the euro , the crisis alone would have provided the necessary impetus .
No matter what policy the Bush administration adopts , European reservations and doubts should be taken into account .
There seems little doubt that public opinion across the EU is increasingly drawing the same conclusions .
Confusion and doubts arise now because of vagueness about the likely uses of the Rapid Reaction Force , a key step in developing these common policies .
Russia 's oligarchs are undoubtedly unpopular , and Khodorovsky 's arrest was evidently aimed at boosting Putin 's prospects in the looming parliamentary and presidential elections .
If Ukraine becomes a democracy , it will undoubtedly soon develop the rule of law .
No doubt they want to dominate the new cabinet , and with their impressive executive and intellectual skills they are dispersed over all parties .
Some terrorists are , no doubt , motivated by legitimate concerns and have legitimate grievances -LRB- the Kurds and the Palestinians come to mind -RRB- .
The perceived weakness of the US after the embassy bombings in East Africa and the attack on the destroyer the USS Cole no doubt contributed to the audacity of the attacks of September 11
Here , undoubtedly , is a complicated strategy , and one with its own inherent pitfalls .
There is no doubt today that Croatia and Serbia -- despite their difficulties -- stand a better chance of becoming more or less stable democracies than if they were still fighting for mastery among themselves within the Procrustean bed of the former Yugoslavia .
They will , no doubt , also arise in Obama 's upcoming meetings with the region 's leaders .
With early elections called for September , there is serious doubt as to whether opposition groups will have the time , means , and experience to organize effective political parties .
You may doubt socialism , but you can not doubt `` advanced productive forces . ''
Without political reform , the long-run viability of such a system is in doubt . Premier Wen himself indicated as much in a speech in August that was widely noted abroad , but largely blacked out in Chinese media .
Having been found guilty -- the conviction rate in China is around 98 % , and is even higher in Tibet , so the verdict was never in doubt -- he was sentenced to five years in prison .
The notion of a single set of criteria to evaluate the governance of publicly traded firms worldwide is undoubtedly appealing .
First and foremost , West European leaders must ensure that the crisis is resolved at the core , and many observers doubt that they have done enough .
There should be no doubt about what is at stake .
No doubt with strings attached .
As a result , Britain could not serve as a bridge between a doubtful Europe and a belligerent US , as Blair believed , and Britain 's capacity to be a force for good on the world stage was severely damaged .
In fact , it is doubtful that they will ever agree to this .
It is doubtful whether Israel has the capacity to forge an international alliance that would adapt the rules of war to the conditions of asymmetric warfare .
Israel is not wrong to cast serious doubts on the efficacy of the measures that the United States pretends to take in the hope of curtailing Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
True , Hamas has been indicating recently a readiness to contemplate a solution based on the 1967 borders , but it is doubtful that its leaders and members could live with the betrayal of the refugees .
Of course , the same principles are not being applied to save the brutally repressed masses in Yemen or the Shia protesters in Bahrain . It is doubtful whether they will be extended to Saudi Arabia and Syria , let alone to Iran .
The Jordan Valley and the hills of Judea and Samaria are , undoubtedly , strategic assets for a country whose width is that of the length of a Manhattan avenue .
The new property rights law undoubtedly offers stronger protection to Chinese citizens , in particular homeowners , by equalizing the legal status of private and state property .
There is no doubt that the European transition region is in deep crisis .
At the same time , integration into the wider European and global economy has no doubt contributed to excessively fast expansion in private-sector and foreign-currency debt , which has complicated the crisis in many countries .
Not all Asian countries walked the line to the same extent , and some opportunities for reform were undoubtedly lost , but important lessons were learned and institutions improved .
Praise for the document 's uniqueness will undoubtedly be heard , and in this they wo n't be boasting , because the EU Constitution is unlike any other constitution ever written .
That changed when the US bombing against the Taliban began ; doubts over the wisdom of the US campaign combined with resentment at seeing a super-modern superpower pound away at a medieval country devastated by decades of war .
The reason for this reversal is obvious : if the US puts the Geneva Convention in doubt , American soldiers , if taken prisoner , could lose their protections .
Because it is so fragile , international law depends on the support of the most powerful participants in international affairs ; if their commitment is in doubt , it will not be upheld .
The world would no doubt be a safer place , and the power that had helped to impose such inspections would be praised for its far-sighted statesmanship .
But both continue to doubt that past substantive divisions can really be overcome .
The drafters of the farewell communiqué are , no doubt , already at work listing all the issues on which the two governments see eye to eye .
She will continue to favor the eventual admission of the Balkan states , but she has left no doubt of her opposition to full membership for Turkey , which is the major substantive change from the Schroeder era -LRB- although her government will not block the start of negotiations in early October -RRB- .
Even during the Vietnam War and following its humiliating withdrawal from Southeast Asia , there was never any serious doubt about America 's authority and ability to deal with what was then the central strategic challenge , the Cold War .
This view no doubt reflected a casual empiricism based on the mom-and-pop shops and small post offices that English dons saw when going outside their Oxbridge colleges .
STOCKHOLM -- There is little doubt that the embarrassing spectacle of the trial of former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko -- and her recent arrest on contempt charges during the proceedings -- is causing great damage to her country .
And there is little doubt that how Ukraine develops will be of great importance for Europe 's future .
Between L'Aquila and Copenhagen , there will undoubtedly be difficult discussions over interim targets for developed countries .
I have little doubt that learning by doing will eventually lead to coherent programs .
Moreover , the countries on Europe 's periphery remain in difficulty , as doubts about the sustainability of adjustment programs have resurfaced .
No one in South Korea 's conservative movement doubts that Park is one of them .
There is little doubt that substantial foreign reserves , together with the flexibility to float and intervene , have mitigated the impact of the recent crisis on Latin America , and contributed to its emergence as one of the best-performing regions in an era of deep uncertainty elsewhere .
Further research will doubtless provide more detailed and reliable information about the kinds of policies that add to people 's happiness .
While no one doubts the willingness of Iraqi judges to try their former `` head of state '' in a national court , the novelty of such an effort and its political implications suggest some type of international participation for the sake of competence and , most of all , impartiality .
China will undoubtedly find the EU a tough negotiating partner .
They must learn that critical thought is valuable , and that doubt is healthy .
They have significant reasons for doubt .
But such doubts ignore the political and cultural factors that buttress a deep European commitment to preserve the monetary union .
But US political and economic stability was never in doubt in 2000 , because public confidence in the country 's governing institutions allowed them to resolve the conflict peacefully .
But there are reasons to doubt that the situation is as dangerous as recent headlines suggest .
Likewise , even proponents of a no-fly zone are doubtful about its potential efficacy .
The `` crisis within the crisis '' exposed the eurozone 's weak governance and revived doubts about the viability of a monetary union with large competitiveness gaps between its members .
But doubts are growing .
There is little doubt that the US , like all great powers , has embarked on foolish wars and acted like a bully , especially toward nations in its own hemisphere .
Zhao 's book will doubtlessly inspire more debates on what lessons we should draw from `` June Fourth . ''
Revolutionary Islamism is undoubtedly dangerous and bloody .
This is more democratic , no doubt , but it has made it harder for people to sift nonsense from truth , or demagoguery from rational political debate .
No doubt quite a few of them would have trouble paying the astronomical costs of American health-care bills without government assistance .
Documents , going back to the Ottoman period , are sometimes produced , but their authenticity and provenance are often in doubt .
But the show of Jewish solidarity no doubt makes some Palestinians feel less alone .
The cynical way in which despots try to discredit all opposition as the work of foreign agents no doubt plays a part in this silence .
There are no doubt some among the demonstrators who would like Obama to be more strident in his support of their aims .
True believers would no doubt see the hand of God in these stirring events .
And the Mladi? trial will , no doubt , encourage this perception .
There is no doubt that he is guilty of serious war crimes .
Taliban men no doubt believe that the subjugation of women is a cultural privilege , as well as a religious duty .
No doubt many Afghan women in burqas are equally convinced that covering their faces is a cultural command -- and therefore a natural duty .
Men who wish to maintain their control over women will no doubt continue to use culture and religious tradition to justify their dominance .
It would no doubt be better , especially for women , if the citizens of countries like Afghanistan were equal before the law .
Even as cheering crowds in Sirte and Tripoli were rejoicing at the despot 's death , others voiced doubts over the manner of his humiliating end .
The Olympic Games -- no doubt perfectly organized , without a protester , homeless person , religious dissenter , or any other kind of spoilsport in sight -- will probably bolster China 's global prestige .
And even those who did know something about American power , doubted that the Americans would accept the dangers and expense of defending Europe against Communism after Nazi Germany was defeated .
There is little doubt that accommodation with Palestinians can bring full Arab recognition of Israel and its right to live in peace .
By sending its troops to South Ossetia , Georgia no doubt was politically reckless , but it did not breach any international rule , however nominal its sovereignty may be .
In the long run , the answer undoubtedly lies in the transformation of the Mexican left , and partly also of the Mexican right .
Uribe has spent weeks directly and personally lobbying key American legislators , and he is undoubtedly his own best advocate .
Uribe has spent weeks directly and personally lobbying key American legislators , and he is undoubtedly his own best advocate .
While the IFE undoubtedly committed several serious public-relations mistakes during last year 's election , it remains one of Mexico 's most respected institutions , with credibility ratings that are regularly double or triple those of Congress and the three political parties .
To be sure , Chávez is absolutely crucial to FARC 's survival , given its current , undoubtedly weakened condition .
I believe that Calderón declared this war because he felt the need to legitimize himself before Mexico 's people , given the doubts surrounding his victory in the 2006 presidential election -- doubts that his supporters , like me , never shared .
Bolsa Familia has been a stunning electoral success , and undoubtedly increased bottom-of-the-pyramid consumption in Brazil .
But there are doubts as to what it can achieve in the long run to eradicate poverty .
Third , Rousseff 's rhetoric and origins as a militant leftist feed doubts as to whether she will pursue Lula 's pragmatic , centrist economic and social policies .
Humans will continue to push against our existing boundaries , whether out of necessity , curiosity , pleasure , or greed , so more virus jumps will undoubtedly occur .
The benefit of the doubt that had been granted to his administration up to now has been forfeited .
NEW DELHI -- America 's war in Afghanistan is approaching a tipping point , with doubts about President Barack Obama 's strategy growing .
A brave concession , no doubt , but India has a more rigorous criterion for believing that Pakistan is truly serious about reaching a peaceful agreement : it wants Pakistan to dismantle the infrastructure of cross-border terrorism -- in particular , the training camps for Kashmiri separatists and their international jihadi brethren .
Undoubtedly , at the forthcoming summit between the leaders of the two countries , India 's Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee will not miss any opportunity to ask the same question of his Pakistani counterpart .
There is clearly room for doubt : on December 18 , President Musharraf declared that , at the Islamabad SAARC summit , he would demand a UN-sponsored plebiscite in Kashmir .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Sudan sits at the proverbial crossroads between potential peace and possible nationwide conflict , which would undoubtedly become the world 's deadliest conventional war in 2011 .
Further EU enlargement is undoubtedly in Turkey 's interest , and in Europe 's , too .
No , Brigitte Bardot -- we still anticipate the arrival of Gerard Depardieu any day now -- and other celebrities , people unable to shed a tear for our unwanted orphans or for the mass poverty left behind by Ceausecu , fly into Bucharest -LRB- undoubtedly by first class -RRB- to protect the wild dogs and denounce our mayor .
I doubt , however , that celebrities like Miss Bardot will ever recognize the absurdity of their misplaced priorities -- to come to a country where millions live in despair and dire conditions , and show concern for only the wild dogs .
No doubt , the differences that now exist between America and Europe are profound , and are not confined to a temporary cooling of German-American relations or to a half-serious exchange of invectives about `` gun-slinging America '' and `` old Europe . ''
Alexander Hamilton , the renowned author of many of the Federalist Papers that set out the rationale for adopting the US Constitution , had no doubt about the relative weight of the three great powers of state .
After five and a half years of war no one doubted the inevitability of occupation .
I doubt whether many Iraqis share that feeling .
It is , no doubt , the ultimate dream of a fully developed citizenship that a common floor of rights -- including a guaranteed economic status - will enable different people to live together in harmony .
Without doubt , the first priority for any free country must be to protect its citizens and assets against acts of terrorist violence .
The status of the prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay and the recent incidents of possibly systematic humiliation and torture of Iraqi prisoners cast doubt on the very values on which a liberal order is based .
That they want to get out , now that their reasons for the war have so dramatically collapsed and domestic support is fading , is beyond doubt .
More neutral observers - and indeed , the daily news bulletins about bombings and hostage taking and `` insurgents '' - cast doubt on that prospect .
Without doubt , President George W. Bush and Prime Minister Tony Blair believed that Saddam Hussein either had , or had the wherewithal to produce , such weapons when they decided for pre-emptive war .
One must doubt whether it contributed anything to making democracy more acceptable after WWII .
Did anyone doubt the legitimacy of the result ?
But most people doubt whether it even makes a difference , and they are probably right .
In Britain , proposed legislation concerning incitement to religious hatred and terrorism has led to emotional parliamentary debates -- and to doubts about the liberal credentials of Tony Blair 's government .
Whatever the particular values of leading candidates , this is undoubtedly progress .
In the EU , European integration is taken for granted by most political parties in the older member states of the Union , but a sizeable portion of these electorates have doubts about it , and in the EU 's candidate countries , the doubts run even stronger .
This is , undoubtedly , a difficult demand to make of politicians , particularly given the legacy of xenophobic politics in so many member states .
In the second round of voting , Chirac will undoubtedly defeat Le Pen , possibly with a record majority .
No doubt a key factor behind Le Pen 's breakthrough is popular anxiety - especially among the old , the unemployed and the unskilled - about globalization and its pressures for change .
Turkey , after much huffing and puffing , has had its status as an officially recognized candidate for membership reaffirmed , even if mighty doubts remain as to when it will actually join .
Unless there is a fundamental change in the posture of the Bush administration , it seems doubtful that partnership will be on offer at all .
There is , in fact , little doubt that is what France and Germany -LRB- and Britain -RRB- intend .
The only question now in doubt is whether Brown 's verdict on the Euro will be `` Not quite yet , '' `` Not before the next election , '' or just plain `` No. ''
No doubt they would prefer the government to tell them the truth first .
The latter point , which no doubt reflects the Obama administration 's attempts to reform the dysfunctional system it inherited , is particularly important , as the sharpest declines in investment intentions were among those who had lost confidence in the government 's ability to regulate .
It was the right decision from the perspective of financial stability ; change at the top would have thrown in doubt the Fed 's determination to respond decisively to the crisis -- and , indeed , its long-term commitment to low inflation .
That was , I think , part of the reason for many commentators ' doubts about Bernanke 's continued suitability .
A recent study by Andy Haldane and others at the Bank of England casts doubt on the prospect of a return to the status quo ante .
No doubt the debate will continue , in the G-20 and elsewhere .
Nor is it clear how we all knew that LTCM 's failure or the post-September 11 malaise posed grave risks to the system , but could seriously doubt that the dot-com craze was a bubble .
It is beyond the shadow of a doubt that greenhouse gas emissions must be radically reduced to prevent climate change from sliding into climate chaos .
But , as late as 1871 , John Stuart Mill was writing that it was doubtful whether all of the industrial revolution 's inventions had lightened the day 's toil of a single worker .
No doubt it would have been . Would n't prospects for economic development in Morocco , Algeria , and Tunisia be much more promising if European governments would let EU citizens buy more North African oranges ?
No doubt , we live today in an extraordinarily unequal world .
But recently -- and increasingly so in recent months -- central bankers ' doubts about the utility of the transparency initiative have increased .
They doubt that an alternative development strategy based on boosting domestic demand would succeed .
In all these cases , the liability holders -- i.e. , the depositors -- have been promised liquidity , yet that promise can not be kept if it is ever doubted .
It is being doubted now .
President Lula 's poorest supporters undoubtedly expect him to transform Brazil from the world 's most unequal society into a modern social democracy .
There is no doubt that had John McCain won the presidential election last November , a very similar deficit-spending stimulus package to the Obama plan -- perhaps with more tax cuts and fewer spending increases -- would have moved through Congress with unanimous Republican support .
Economists have spent their lives attempting to evolve theories that would account for how salient features of reality might emerge if we did live in their ideal world , but since we do n't , their theoretical enterprise is of doubtful utility .
Meanwhile , doubts still surround the political and institutional machinery the EU will need to realize these and other ambitious goals .
Hu no doubt looked for ways to resuscitate the talks , but not by buying off Kim with aid .
South Korea undoubtedly faces the biggest dilemma , and the way forward will have to await the conclusions of the investigation into the sinking of its warship and the deaths of its sailors .
No doubt the challenge for Europe of integrating a large Turkey , bordering on the Middle East , is great .
No one can doubt his sincerity .
But the answer to such doubt and dismay is more Europe , not less .
While an appreciating currency might eventually drive labor-intensive manufacturers out of business , if Japan 's economic history is any guide , they are likely to be replaced by producers of things like ships , machine tools , semiconductors , and doubtless new products yet to be invented .
Undoubtedly , some truth exists here .
I doubt it .
A big depreciation of the Yen would undoubtedly stimulate trade , but because Japan is a very closed economy -LRB- like Europe and the US -RRB- , it will also quickly incite a bond and stock market crises , raising interest rates and causing Japanese finances to deteriorate even more .
But to act in such a way will leave those doubtful of capitalism in even greater doubt . Such , indeed , would create the ultimate moral hazard - a world of corporate crime without punishment .
A clean sweep , however , will ultimately be good for stocks and certainly much better than cover-up and lingering doubts about what the books really look like .
But with growth in China 's coastal region running at possibly 15 % per year , who can seriously doubt that in 15 years it will surpass Brazil ?
While these factors undoubtedly placed upward pressure on food prices , they alone can not explain the steep hikes .
No matter how much Barack Obama may have loathed the views of George W. Bush , he had to be initiated into state secrets by the former president , in a confidential -- and undoubtedly genial -- meeting .
This is undoubtedly to the good , and necessary to the conduct of orderly democratic life ; but to those not used to it , the ability to combine enmity with bonhomie can seem counterintuitive .
No doubt , countries to which these measures are applied will express outrage .
It seems unlikely that Ron Paul , the libertarian chairman of the US Senate Banking Committee , who doubts that even the US needs a central bank , would be inclined to agree .
The US debt-ceiling fiasco has raised doubts in the minds of central bankers about the advisability of holding dollars , while Europe 's failure to resolve its sovereign-debt crisis continues to fuel doubt that the euro can survive .
Anyone who doubts this need only think back to 1992 , when the European Monetary System fell apart .
Undoubtedly , the Great Recession triggered by the global financial crisis has contributed to this worrisome situation .
There should be no doubt about the answer : it is clearly in the EU 's interest to see Turkey 's democracy and economy continue to strengthen .
An injection of renewed purpose from the EU 's political leaders is undoubtedly needed .
And that means that a clear message should be sent to those who are becoming doubtful about the EU 's worth : We are in this together .
These cuts are coming at a time when European efforts to shoulder a fair share of the Western defense burden have been cast in doubt -- not least in Afghanistan , where most European countries have limited their participation by insisting on a myriad of `` caveats '' that usually serve to keep their troops far from the most dangerous zones .
British `` Tommies '' have to learn to speak French , and French legionnaires will have to learn English -- and the limits on the spirit of cooperation will no doubt be found at the entrance to every army , navy , and air force canteen .
But I doubt that this gap is evidence of different cognitive abilities .
For a long time , however , there has been doubt in Australia about how much real across-the-board commitment there was to the underlying message that racial vilification anywhere , anytime , by anyone , in any context , is simply unacceptable .
Yet , there should be no doubt that the Bush administration is beginning the research and development of new nuclear weapons .
Although annual GDP growth was 3 % in the first quarter of this year , almost all of it reflected inventory accumulation -- some of which , no doubt , was unwanted build-up caused by disappointing sales .
CAMBRIDGE -- There is no doubt that the American economy rallied strongly at the end of 2010 .
Although this is how governments calculate real exchange-rate changes , it no doubt overstates the relative change in the prices of the goods that Americans buy from China , because much of China 's inflation was caused by rising prices for housing , local vegetables , and other non-tradables .
Although there are technical and legal reasons why such a split would be harder for an EMU country , there seems little doubt that a country could withdraw if it really wanted to .
There is no doubt that China currently is suffering from the global collapse in demand for a wide range of manufactured products .
I have little doubt about his willingness and ability to do so .
There can no longer be any reasonable doubt that Iran 's ambition is to obtain nuclear weapons capability .
Not only is there insufficient political will for an international force , but , more importantly , there are valid doubts about the feasibility and prospects for the success of such an operation .
Similar doubts apply to Abbas .
Wanted : An Arab Jean Monnet The Middle East is beyond doubt one of the most dangerous crisis regions worldwide .
So there are good reasons to doubt that governments ' and central banks ' current actions will really redress the crisis .
But EU member governments ' behavior during the past few months raises grave doubts about whether they see things this way .
But , while Europe no doubt remains important for asserting both common and national interests , it is no longer a project of the future .
Injecting Bismarck 's name into the debate will undoubtedly trouble Franco-German cooperation .
But we need to ask ourselves where and how the energies unleashed by this crisis will be discharged , because there can be no doubt that they will be discharged one way or another .
China as a Superpower YALTA -- Given its rapid and successful development , there can be no doubt that the People 's Republic of China will become one of the dominant global powers of the twenty-first century .
In fact , the opposite is true . New energy and environmental technologies will undoubtedly drive growth in the future .
So long as the ECB does not acknowledge the doubts now hovering around Europe 's economies , there is a risk of a crash .
In the middle of a financial crisis , the only thing worse than doubt is false certainty .
In fact , continued isolationism would force Iran to reinvent nuclear technologies already invented by others , no doubt with poor results .
Although many Iranian leaders no doubt toy with the idea , others are carefully weighing the costs of such a venture -- the risks of preventive strikes from outside , increased isolation , and a regional nuclear arms race .
Libyan politics will undoubtedly continue to be based on Gaddafi 's `` Green Book '' and `` people power , '' as expressed in its People 's Congress .
Fully aware of its growing importance in an oil-starved world , Libya will use that advantage to the full and it will no doubt guard , with Gaddafi at the forefront , its sovereign rights vociferously and assiduously .
Subsequent research by historians of science leaves little doubt : the Nobel medallion is etched with human frailties .
Those pulling the IRGC 's chain are themselves committed to a revolutionary agenda , and doubtless want a nuclear weapon as badly as the Pasdaran commanders .
No doubt , government macroeconomic management that is too strong may delay necessary market-oriented reforms .
As a result , few people today doubt that the world is drifting , rudderless and leaderless , towards a second downturn .
This is something that Serbia will undoubtedly reject , with the backing of Vladimir Putin 's Russia .
Democracy has undoubtedly achieved success around the world .
In any case , the blow to confidence from so horrific and unprecedented a terrorist act will undoubtedly have a sharp short-term impact on real demand as well as unsettle financial markets : but it can not in itself lead to long term recession or chronic destabilization of financial markets .
Now the Erdogan government 's lukewarm support for US policy on Iraq exposes Turkey to doubts about America 's commitment to its economic well being , and global markets may question its ability to service its $ 100 billion public-sector debt in 2003 and 2004 .
So long as EU leaders can not answer that question , financial markets will continue to harbor doubts about the euro 's long-term stability .
Few doubt that Bill Clinton will be a powerful force in America if his wife becomes president .
But no one should walk away doubting the determination of the US and other members of the Quartet to see this process succeed as quickly as possible .
Any doubt that promoting democracy now receives greater emphasis in US foreign policy was removed by President Bush 's speech of last November , in which he made clear that the Muslim world 's democratic deficit is not tied to religion , but to `` failures of political and economic doctrines . ''
Moreover , there seems little doubt that the final , rejected version of the UN 's 2003-04 reunification plan will have to be changed , although earlier versions might contain ideas worth re-visiting .
However flawed the electoral process in Iran undoubtedly was , no one , including its tired and discouraged reform-minded opposition , doubts that 18 million people have voted , in the words of the new president , against democracy and for a return to the Islamic revolution .
The vibrant pro-Western , pro-American , and anti-mullah society , on which American and European hopes relied , undoubtedly exists , but mostly among the educated and urban middle class .
Indeed , it is our belief that the recent death sentences could mark the onset of an avalanche of highly doubtful Court rulings in Tibet , which could lead to a worrying number of executions in that tense and troubled region .
Given the extent of the damage , however , there is little doubt that this support will be far from sufficient .
By its own admission , Al Qaeda has been caught off guard , no doubt because the group 's central argument has been that the fall of oppressive Arab governments could come only through violence .
No doubt , the Saudis believe that a Shia-led Bahrain would lead to Iranian dominance at their very doorstep .
But this year , with rising impatience and anger in South Korea toward the North Korean regime , the food and fertilizer is in doubt .
While democracy is , no doubt , the form of governance that best preserves human rights , the two are not the same thing .
Back in March 1999 , few NATO leaders doubted that removing Milosevic from Kosovo by force was the right thing to do .
Nor was there much doubt that the leaders of Europe and the United States had made a good-faith effort to convince Milosevic through negotiations and peaceful means .
It is always risky to speculate about hidden motives ; nevertheless , systematic disparagement of Israeli society and culture undoubtedly encourages the sense that anti-Semitism , too , is a permitted prejudice .
Water , Harding announces , would be decomposed `` doubtless by electricity '' into hydrogen and oxygen .
While no doubt willing to make use of Islamic extremists who dream of expelling American troops from the land of the holy places of Mecca and Medina , Hussein is the only regional actor with a global reach who is motivated to kill Americans for the sake of killing them , to avenge his regime 's humiliating defeat in the Gulf War .
The impressive counter-intelligence skills of the September 11th terrorists , as well as the coordination of their attack with the September 9th assassination of Massoud , the leader of the anti-Taliban forces in the North of Afghanistan , suggests , at least to those who doubt that Osama bin Laden could have pulled off such an operation without state sponsorship , an important role of the KGB-trained Iraqi intelligence .
For China , it will be hard to build confidence if Europe and the US doubt their own future .
This is undoubtedly why the Pakistani government refused an Indian offer to send in helicopters for relief work in and around Muzaffarabad , the flattened capital of Pakistani-administered Kashmir .
There is little doubt that evolution designed people to have a propensity to become sad after such situations .
If it chooses to take the predominant role in transforming the Iraqi government , instead of relying on the UN , Arab doubts will grow .
Every effort must be made to ensure that future disagreements , which will undoubtedly arise , do less damage .
So I have no doubt that Britain must remain influential within the Union .
While democracy is not part of his agenda , his messages , as well as his followers ' periodic armed attacks inside the country , have no doubt contributed to the erosion of the regime 's legitimacy .
No doubt some of these pressures were motivated by sincere concerns , but others were driven by the desire of anti-Saudi groups in the US to settle old scores .
Estimates for the output gap of the euro area at that time were especially doubtful with data coming from different international institutions varying widely , and being revised substantially at later stages .
Such firms undoubtedly start to clamor for protection against supposedly `` unfair '' conditions .
Finally , another major consequence of the US-Colombia deal are the doubts that it has created in Latin America about President Barack Obama 's administration , and about the future of relations between the US and South America , especially Brazil , the main regional power .
Zimbabwe 's ongoing economic decline under the misrule of President Robert Mugabe has raised doubts about NEPAD 's key innovation , its self-monitoring instrument , the African Peer Review Mechanism .
Google 's new technology is impressive , and will no doubt prove convenient for many consumers once the initial security problems are resolved .
Conventional wisdom claims that incumbent parties and politicians are punished by voters in times of economic distress . Throughout the campaign there was never any doubt about the position or tpopularity of Chancellor Angela Merkel .
FLORENCE -- Fears about sovereign debt and doubts about the euro rescue package have pushed the question of international reserve currencies to the fore .
As pro-democracy protests shake Arab authoritarian regimes , the prospect of sustained conflict threatens a global economy still dependent on oil , while the aftermath of the Japanese earthquake and nuclear accident raises doubts about the security of nuclear energy .
Sarkozy and his strategists , no doubt , thought that sending DSK to the Fund , which before the global financial crisis looked unimportant and marginal , was a brilliant coup .
European governments ' high-level crisis diplomacy and new and ever more complex mechanisms sometimes briefly calm the markets , but the tide of doubt quickly sweeps back in .
Today , the major `` beneficiaries '' -- in fact , victims -- of dollar doubts are economies that are much smaller than Japan or Germany .
The higher the waves of doubt and uncertainty become , the more the common approach is needed .
In Europe today , impatient Greeks have doubtless derived some encouragement from excoriations of bankers ' foolishness by German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
For a day -LRB- and sometimes only for a few hours -RRB- , financial markets rally euphorically . But soon doubt sweeps back in .
Any attempts at engagement by Western politicians , such as Biden 's recent trip , are automatically met with doubt and criticism for cozying up to dictators .
Any short-term `` fiscal stimulus '' effect will have worn off , unemployment will still be high , and there will no doubt be politicians clamoring for more tax cuts .
Greece undoubtedly has serious problems today .
When he goes , dangerous elements on Wall Street will no doubt breathe a sigh of relief .
If all goes well , these hedge funds -- and of course the banks that are already undoubtedly Too Big to Fail -LRB- TBTF -RRB- -- get a great deal of upside .
And it is doubtful that we really care enough about others , or give enough to the less fortunate .
Undoubtedly , the US will try to build closer ties with Indonesia through greater military cooperation , because Indonesia borders the region 's key sea lines of communications .
To reject nuclear weapons and strive for their elimination is , no doubt , a moral aim , at least in the abstract .
I firmly doubt the need to dispense with deterrence .
His support in the parliamentary election next March seems particularly weak , which will no doubt please Western observers .
Thus , Khamenei can present himself as a defender of the clergy , which , given widespread doubt about his clerical credentials since he took power 21 years ago , enhances his position .
Indian influence will no doubt exploit assets less available to others , particularly the Indian diaspora in countries like South Africa , Kenya , Tanzania , and Nigeria .
Entrepreneurs of dubious quality no doubt entered as well , thanks to the generosity of the state .
But the most important thing is that people are free to think , which Russia 's people undoubtedly are now free to do .
Final negotiations over North Korea 's nuclear ambitions will undoubtedly need to take place between the US and Kim Jong Il .
Indeed , anybody hoping for an obvious clash of left and right during the recent presidential election campaign was bound to be disappointed , because the answer to the second question is even more emphatic today : President Putin 's re-election was never in doubt .
He tried to humanize it and undo the cruelty of Stalinist orthodoxy , but never doubted that the Leninist system was the way of the future .
Nuclear cooperation between North Korea and Iran is no doubt assisting both countries to flaunt international norms -- and now it appears that Burma has joined this axis of illicit nuclear proliferation .
China 's succession , though set , will nonetheless bring a period of uncertainty , while South Korea will undoubtedly face its usual no-holds-barred democratic battle in its coming presidential election .
Today 's Asian nervousness exists not only because isolationism appears to be gaining ground once more in America , but also because Afghanistan 's stability remains in doubt , while China 's power is rising in the absence of any pan-Asian consensus or institutional structure .
The doubts that many Asians now hold about China 's intentions are well grounded , given the secretive nature of China 's military build-up , and its leaders ' increasingly aggressive tone in territorial disputes with India , Japan , the Philippines , and Vietnam .
There are reasons to doubt that it will .
But there remain doubts about the true level of China 's military spending , owing to a pronounced lack of transparency in the budget process .
Since mid-2007 , expectations regarding long-term sustainability have been weakening . Indeed , the efficiency of public spending is doubtful , with scant positive results to show for it .
The threat of crisis in 2011 has eased , but doubts about the longer term remain .
But there is reason to doubt the conventional wisdom .
This suggests an important advantage of the euro for Germany , where misplaced nostalgia for the deutsche mark -- no doubt aided by the steady invective against the common currency by government officials -- is growing .
This is neither fair nor smart -- and no doubt contributed , to some extent , to the Dutch No vote .
It is doubtful that the ECB would raise interest rates to curb excess liquidity so long as economic recovery remains in question .
Finally , while Europe 's left may be boastfully proclaiming in Katrina 's wake , `` Thank God for our social solidarity , '' there is considerable doubt even about what `` our '' actually means .
No doubt , the United States has very real -- and growing -- problems with the fairness of its income distribution .
Some of this , no doubt , is wishful thinking on the part of economically unsophisticated people .
Therefore it can not be dull for long periods because people will then begin to doubt democracy itself .
I doubt it .
John Paul II was undoubtedly conservative when he commented on Catholic dogma , but the institution of the Catholic Church is based on the Ten Commandments and dogmas which can not be changed .
The only country that with some , albeit very doubtful , success , introduced such economic devices was Salazar 's Portugal .
But the words of the Pope are clear and leave no doubt .
Much of the early focus of the Obama administration will undoubtedly be on the economy and the war in Iraq .
The Globalization of Ethics Many Europeans doubt that Asia can catch up with Europe in terms of regional integration .
The decisive victory of a candidate who opposed the Iraq war and favors direct talks with Iran will no doubt have a major influence on US-Israel relations and the peace process .
If democracy means giving people a free choice , then there is no doubt that the choice of most Arabs is for a television broadcaster that reflects their aspirations .
These caveats , however , will no doubt leave the revisionists unmoved , for they are part of the `` deconstructionist '' movement that has deeply influenced the humanities in American and British universities .
Given the economy 's solid performance and the docility of China 's population , there seems little doubt that Hu 's twenty-first-century market dictatorship will preserve the Party 's mandate to continue ruling -- for now .
Who can doubt that the hand of Russia is behind this ?
Malaise has grown ever more acute after many Bolivian political leaders and their supporters , worn down by the regional crisis of the 1990 's , expressed doubts over the modernization process .
Europeans are undoubtedly more pessimistic than Americans about progress in general , and recent events merely seem to have reinforced this stance .
But now , as back then , fear and doubt won the day .
This entails new opportunities , no doubt , but also new risks .
But developing countries ' currencies will undoubtedly become more prominent in the longer term .
No doubt , some types of corruption , including `` asset stripping '' in connection with the privatization of public-sector firms , has speeded up the emergence of a class of private capitalists and entrepreneurs .
Though Putin barely implied that the dog 's superiority indicates Russia 's domination over the US , his remark appears to be in line with his general message : do n't you ever dare to doubt our high status .
Three Paths to America President George W. Bush 's free-falling popularity , his loss of control over Congress , the nagging doubts about the economy , and most of all his discredited reputation as a result of the debacle in Iraq all magnify the characteristic weakness of lame-duck American presidents .
When the Kyoto treaty enters into force on February 16 , the global warming community will undoubtedly congratulate itself : to do good they have secured the most expensive worldwide treaty ever . They have succeeded in making global warming a central moral test of our time .
The public should be in no doubt about this , for their trust is essential .
Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Financial markets , no doubt , will be skeptical about the eurozone members ' solemn commitment that the de facto Greek default will remain the exception . Verbal assurances have been the European Union 's preferred currency in tackling the euro crisis , but words now have as little value as Greece 's sovereign debt .
I have no doubt that a successful reconstruction program will lead their country to recovery .
There can be no doubt that Singh has the right instincts . He wants Pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
The political sentiments of many of the hundreds of thousands of people who gathered in Cairo 's Tahrir Square over the last three weeks leave little doubt that they do want democracy , and are willing to work and even to sacrifice for it . Whether they are numerous enough , resourceful enough , patient enough , wise enough , and brave enough -- and whether they will be lucky enough -- to achieve it is a question that only the people of Egypt can answer .
I have learned , however , in the more than ten years that have passed since I felt that burning , to honor exile , doing so in the name of all that is challenge and epiphany , of all the doubts and the lifelong apprenticeship it implies , for its emptiness and richness , for the unfettering of myself and the clash within myself .
Until more information is forthcoming , both from Kundera and from the authorities , the case will not be solved `` beyond reasonable doubt . ''
But I doubt it , '' he writes .
Although these policies have undoubtedly helped residents of disadvantaged neighborhoods , they have not been sufficiently ambitious to dampen resentment .
Undoubtedly , much of the current situation will be best understood with the benefit of time , but five lessons are already coming into focus , and we should consider their implications for the choices policymakers will make in the future .
And our economic relationship will no doubt emerge even stronger as a consequence of weathering this storm together .
They will no doubt be presented mainly as recommendations for small-print changes in the warnings on drug labels and in the instructions for the drug 's use .
Ukraine may undoubtedly be of the East , but it is the East of Europe .
Khrushchev 's speech to the Congress inspired doubt and second thoughts throughout the worldwide Communist movement .
The doubts inspired at the Congress may have been inchoate , but they nonetheless sowed genuine unrest .
Nobody talked about the revolution leaders ' mistakes , doubts , hesitations , and ignorance .
By excising from the draft Constitution the prospect of a welfare state run by judges , its framers will increase the chances that Britain and other doubters will , in the end , ratify the final product .
No one doubts that Barroso is in an awkward position .
France 's successful presidency has intensified doubts about the effectiveness of the Commission and its president , so much so that even in Paris concerns are being voiced that the Brussels executive must somehow be strengthened if it is not to become a mere secretariat .
Barroso needs to respond to all these doubts .
No doubt , the post-WWII reconciliation between France and Germany -- who once perceived and fought each other as `` hereditary enemies '' -- has been the motor of European integration for half a century .
Although it is true that thousands of the civilians killed in Dresden and other German cities were innocent at an individual level , there can be no doubt it was morally imperative that Germany be defeated collectively .
There is little doubt that the 2005 Defense Review will formalize the change in focus underway since September 11 , 2001 .
In retrospect , it is astonishing that there should have been any doubt .
Without doubt , it is one of the iconic images of the twentieth century .
I doubt I ever will again .
Nowadays , the most well known -LRB- and probably best financed -RRB- campaign to manufacture scientific doubt is being waged by the fossil fuel industry in an effort to impugn scientists ' work on issues related to climate change .
Although the Party 's carrot-and-stick approach has worked since 1989 , it is doubtful that it will retain its efficacy for another 17 years .
Indeed , persistent doubts among the French about Royal 's competence and Sarkozy 's character are the primary reasons for his dramatic rise in public opinion polls , from 7 % support at the start of the campaign to 22 % now .
Of course , confidence and self-doubt are not mutually exclusive .
A country like Israel booms with economic confidence , but is full of self-doubt when it comes to strategic and political considerations .
Although Europe remains militarily weak , America 's power is now in doubt .
Multiplying initiatives , being everywhere at once , accelerating the pace of reforms at the risk of confusing quality and quantity , breaking taboos , and blurring the lines between secularism and religion , Sarkozy has reinforced lingering doubts about a brilliant politician 's ability to become a statesman or at least an effective ruler .
The evolution of its internal situation leaves no doubt about the consolidation of Raúl Castro 's authority .
These doubts are even stronger among those who consider the ideals of a social Europe insufficiently fulfilled , owing to the right 's political dominance : control of 18 of 25 governments , the same number of European commissioners , and a majority in the European Parliament .
There are , no doubt , competitive and other consequences to adopting a more conservative approach that factors in periodic systemic risk , and they will vary across institutions .
No doubt , conspiratorial minds will always find fodder for their obsessions .
Undoubtedly , however , the region 's political authorities , no less than families themselves , will be forced to accept the inconsistencies of the traditional model when it comes to the transformation of the condition of women .
It leaves no room for doubt that a nuclear-free world is achievable without any risk to the security of individual states , provided that for the next 20 years or so there is sustained political will around the world , particularly in the nuclear-weapon states .
Not one detainee has been accorded prisoner-of-war status ; none has been granted a hearing as required by the Geneva Conventions in cases of doubt .
The Conventions require that , where there is any doubt , a hearing must be held before an impartial tribunal to determine whether a prisoner seized during an armed conflict is entitled to prisoner-of-war status .
Since no such hearings have been held , the Bush administration is effectively claiming that there is no doubt in the case of any detainee .
What is remarkable is not just the violence and threats against Vilks -- anyone who doubts the determination of Islamist extremists in Sweden should watch the YouTube clip from that lecture -- but also the reaction from the otherwise radically secular Swedish establishment .
Yet despite all this , I have no doubt that an attempt will be made to bring down Russia 's government by means outside the voting booth when the next presidential election is due in 2008 .
The 2008 version of Prime Minister Putin will undoubtedly be stronger than the 1999 version .
While Medvedev 's liberal instincts are debatable , the forces arrayed against him not in doubt are : the Sechin clan , the Cherkessov clan , the siloviki of the military and security services , his rivals who he beat to the top job , and of course , his predecessor and mentor , Putin .
Europe began its own American-style debate on the origins of life when Cardinal Christoph Schönborn of Vienna cast doubt on the acceptability of Darwinism and evolutionary theory to people who see themselves as faithful Roman Catholics .
If one of those courageous Afghan women who marched in Kabul wrote -- as I hope she or one of her sisters in the developing world is doing right now -- the seminal text for the next 50 years on non-Western feminism , it would no doubt be equality-driven and practical .
Skeptics doubt that this is feasible .
More importantly , skeptics also doubt the validity of the administration 's argument linking democracy and reduction of terrorism .
But such an outcome remains in doubt .
He had barely won the controversial 2000 election , and polls showed the American people remained doubtful about him .
Even if this were an accurate assessment of China 's intentions -LRB- and even Chinese can not know the views of future generations -RRB- , it is doubtful that China will have the military capability to make this possible .
Thus , although Serbia 's loss of sovereignty over Kosovo will undoubtedly be painful in the short term , the long-term gains for the entire Western Balkans region from eventual EU accession are vastly more significant .
But there is no doubt that the image of Jonathan as a political underdog , harried by `` bad guys '' within and outside his party , played a role in improving the PDP 's fortunes .
WASHINGTON , DC -- As pro-democracy protests sweep the Arab world , Belarus , Europe 's grim quasi-Soviet redoubt , has taken a turn for the worse since President Aleksander Lukashenko violently suppressed post-election demonstrations in December and imprisoned seven of the nine candidates who stood against him .
There is little doubt among economists that euro membership will bring enduring net benefits to Poland .
Without doubt , those willing to strike -- either alone or in a coalition -- have a range of options , ranging from naval and air blockades to targeted raids , sabotage inside the country , and massive attack from without .
Until the euro weakened recently , Chinese bankers had been buying more euro-denominated assets , no doubt recognizing that , despite the frailty of the eurozone economy , Chinese exporters also need European consumers to keep buying their goods .
Restructuring the role of Turkey 's army is vital , but if Turkey can not follow through with the Armenian and Kurdish openings , the country 's own domestic situation , its relations with the two peoples , as well as tensions in the Caucasus , will undoubtedly worsen .
Exceptionally favorable economic conditions worldwide at this time no doubt helped significantly , but the real credit must go to a government that stuck to its liberalizing instincts .
Indeed , there can no longer be any debate about the need to act , because the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change -LRB- IPCC -RRB- , of which I am chairman , has established climate change as an unequivocal reality beyond scientific doubt .
But almost no serious intellectual can continue to doubt the common ancestry of all living things .
This is doubtless an attempt to deflect attention from Fujimori 's own crimes perpetuated from 1990 to 2000 , before he fled to Japan .
No doubt , these policies are expensive .
Strong global demand , owing to emerging economies like China , has undoubtedly fueled some of the price increase .
Huge bets have undoubtedly been placed on the bonds of GM , Ford , Chrysler , and GMAC , and bankruptcy will be a CDS triggering event requiring repayment of these bonds .
There are undoubtedly colossal problems in Detroit , and the bosses of the Big Three automakers could never be convicted of an excess of imagination .
Systemic risk raises doubts about the solvency of over-indebted countries , which means that these countries ' efforts to consolidate their fiscal position and promote reform do not lead to improvement in financial conditions , which is essential for overcoming the crisis and promoting recovery .
Whether India does as well seems to me rather more doubtful .
When things get tough in politics , as will happen in most of the world as we struggle with the impact of the global recession , every sensible government will try to hang on to the benefit of doubt .
A leader who respects his or her opponents is more likely to earn respect himself than one who doubts their patriotism and resents their criticism .
It was never Bush 's determination that was in doubt , nor his geniality -- despite that slightly annoying rich-boy joshing .
He believed in capitalism -- or at least in supporting big companies and the rich -- though whether he understood how free markets should work under the rule of law is more doubtful .
There is no doubt about that . But the case for quitting is bad and touches on Pakistan 's future as well as Afghanistan 's .
The Communist Party 's official verdict , undoubtedly the product of fierce ideological disputes , is that he was a great Marxist and revolutionary , whose `` gross mistakes '' during the Cultural Revolution were outweighed by his contribution to China . `` His merits , '' it argues , `` are primary and his errors secondary . ''
I do not think , therefore , that Obama will be too vexed by some of the criticism he faces at the end of his first year in office , though he will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedy 's old seat .
Terrorist groups would undoubtedly like to get their hands on one .
I think he will do so -- not least because the most potent electoral argument today is `` time for change . '' Voters tend to get rid of governments once the incumbents have lost their most precious attribute : the benefit of the doubt .
This undoubtedly would be going too far .
No one doubts that North Korea is responsible for its own delinquent behavior .
It worked far better than the doubters ever imagined was possible -- indeed , perhaps even better than its progenitors expected .
There is no consensus as to precisely how mental life emerges from a physical brain , but there is no doubt that this is its source .
Today few scientists doubt that Earth 's atmosphere is warming .
Little doubt remains that burning fossil fuels contributes to global warming by spewing carbon dioxide and other heat-absorbing , or `` greenhouse , '' gases into the air .
Though he took power in a bloodless coup , there was little doubt about his popularity at the time .
Yet eight months before that dream formally comes true , doubts in Eastern Europe about the benefits of EU membership are mounting .
Further , the Continent will undoubtedly need some transformative changes of its economic institutions to establish high-performance economies .
No doubt Kissinger believes every word he wrote , but his ideas also honestly articulate the aspirations of his customers . It 's just that not all customers have the same motives .
This feeds doubts about solidarity 's usefulness .
But the uproar caused by these decisions reinforces , rather than dispels , doubts .
Bolivia destroys the myth that Third World countries are too poor to be green , and casts serious doubt on the famous `` environmental Kuznets Curve '' -- the theory that environmental quality correlates with wealth .
There is no doubt that the world economy is in trouble .
The resolution is non-binding , but if nations were to enact laws putting it into effect , there can be no doubt that it would interfere with freedom of expression .
One fact is not in doubt : the NPT is the legal linchpin for the nuclear nonproliferation regime now signed and ratified by all but three nations -- India , Pakistan , and Israel -- and one drop-out , North Korea .
For much of the developing world , the basic instability of international relations -- owing to terrorist strikes , guerrilla warfare , and the preemptive wars that America threatens on its enemies -- is aggravating socioeconomic anxieties and fueling doubts about the benefits of globalization .
Undoubtedly , international institutions and countries in the global South have far more urgent goals than to spend resources suing greedy companies .
Indeed , few informed observers doubt that Sarkozy 's chief foreign policy adviser , Jean-David Levitte , has far more influence than France 's foreign minister , Bernard Kouchner .
But the greatest leverage will undoubtedly come from policies that foster ongoing and rapid migration from the countryside to the cities .
NEW HAVEN -- The China doubters are back in force .
Today 's cottage industry of China doubters is a case in point .
While Chinese export industries remain highly competitive , there are understandable doubts about the post-crisis state of foreign demand for Chinese products .
With US government debt repayment now in play , the very concept of dollar-based riskless assets is in doubt .
I have no doubt that those involved were seeking a way forward that would allow for a full investigation and help overcome the political divisiveness currently undermining the Human Rights Council within the UN system .
Of course , the economic prosperity that European unification has delivered undoubtedly lures new members , but the EU 's attraction extends far beyond pocketbook issues .
Although every member nation has played its part in integrating Europe , France has without doubt been the country that provided most of the ideas and master builders .
But there have also been iconoclastic dissenters from such comprehensive approaches , among whom Albert Hirschman was without doubt the most distinguished .
But Hirschman also would no doubt chide developing country governments for not living up to their responsibilities and for passing on the buck so freely to these external agencies .
Dynamic models have become much more common , an economics of the `` second-best '' has flourished , political economy has become mainstream , and behavioral economics has thrown the `` rational actor '' into doubt .
There is little doubt that foreign players enhance the quality of play in the European club championships .
We now realize even the most sophisticated market players were clueless about the new financial instruments that emerged , and no one now doubts that the financial industry needs an overhaul .
They are less convinced that recent financial innovation has created large gains -LRB- except for the finance industry itself -RRB- , and they doubt that prudential regulation can ever be sufficiently effective .
But that self-assured attitude has all but disappeared , replaced by doubts , questions , and skepticism .
Furthermore , economists have been reluctant to share their intellectual doubts with the public , lest they `` empower the barbarians . ''
It is doubtful that the great expansion of intercontinental trade in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries would have been possible without the incentives that states provided , such as monopoly charters .
This will no doubt change as a result of the crisis , even if Bernanke remains at the helm .
If in doubt , ask scores of emerging-market governments that had no difficulty borrowing in international markets , typically in the run-up to an eventual payments crisis .
Economic activity of this kind is of doubtful social value , yet it eats up real resources in terms of human talent , computing power , and debt .
There is a strong sentiment that academics and institutions that collaborated with such an odious regime -- often with the encouragement of their governments , no doubt -- suffered a grave lapse of judgment .
German politicians and their electorates can be excused for doubting whether future Greek , Irish , or Portuguese governments can be counted upon to deliver on current leaders ' commitments .
When the Berlin Wall fell in 1989 , there was no doubt as to which direction the former command economies would take : towards free markets .
Undoubtedly , most of the credit belongs to the initiative and hard work Chinese entrepreneurs and laborers .
With Venezuelan oil production still running far below its level when Chávez took over , there is little doubt about how this story will end .
But Greenspan 's memoirs , to be published later this month , will no doubt strongly defend his famous decisions to bail out financial markets with sharp interest rate cuts in 1987 , 1998 , and 2001 , arguing that the world might have fallen apart otherwise .
The US may be ground zero for the global financial crisis , but it is not the only country riven by self-doubt .
Even prior to the onset of the global recession , there were strong reasons to doubt the sustainability of China 's growth paradigm .
I doubt it .
The balance of technology , complexity , and regulation is without doubt one of the greatest challenges that the world must face in twenty-first century .
There is no doubt that Japan 's massive 1992 financial crisis was a hammer blow , from which it has yet to recover , and the parallels with the US and Europe today are worrisome .
Low or negative population growth also implies lower potential economic growth and therefore worse debt-to-GDP dynamics and increasingly grave doubts about the sustainability of public-sector debt .
Chávez , no doubt , will cast himself as an opponent of the plutocracy that once ruled the country with the backing of the traditional , and highly corrupt , political parties .
In addition to explicit protectionist measures , governments now plan actions that will affect others across the globe . For example , the large volume of public debt that industrial countries will issue will undoubtedly raise interest rates and affect developing country governments ' borrowing costs .
According to Kosovo President Fatmir Sejdiu , `` The decision finally removes all doubts that countries which still do not recognize the Republic of Kosovo could have . ''
Indeed , the Court sought to leave no doubt about this : `` The question is narrow and specific ... it does not ask whether or not Kosovo has achieved statehood . '' The judges contrasted their opinion with that handed down by the Supreme Court of Canada when it was asked to rule on Quebec 's right to secede unilaterally .
Debt relief will doubtless make it easier for new regimes to proceed with much-needed policies to create jobs , improve infrastructure , and develop human capital .
The fifty-year span of the epic battle between the free world and the Soviet empire was filled with division , uncertainty , self-doubt , setbacks , and failures .
In America , columnists and editorialists questioned and doubted US policies .
A bit of opportunism is also at work , for they undoubtedly also oppose EU regulation of taxation and social norms , adoption of which would deny them their comparative advantage for Western investors .
No one doubts that intelligence operations and police actions are needed to fight terrorists .
Of course , Morales ' election also raises many important short-term doubts and questions .
There can be little doubt that the current war in Iraq is fundamentally about oil .
There can be little doubt that climate change poses one of the greatest risks to species ' viability .
What is amazing is that , although these attacks on science have been wrong for 30 years , they still sow doubts about established facts .
A tricky question , no doubt .
Africans will no doubt feel that Africa is being singled out unfairly when such abuses exist throughout the world .
A war that pits America against the world could call into doubt the progress of globalization , particularly international trade negotiations .
Moreover , if the US acts alone , no doubt the post-conflict costs that America will bear alone will be higher as well .
Rumsfeld 's juvenile attack on `` old Europe '' no doubt helped bring millions into the streets .
UK firms are no doubt counting on returning to Iraq on America 's coattails .
But even with all the difficulties of corruption and inefficiency that will no doubt plague its actual implementation , our proposal is superior to the status quo .
No doubt , his regime revels in all the historic forms of populism : messianic leadership , anti-American rhetoric , disregard for constitutional forms , drunken spending , and state-orchestrated popular mobilization to fill squares and jeer at supposed enemies .
Of course , doubts about the ruling elite are not unique to India .
The 20 % revaluation of the renminbi against the US dollar in 2005-2008 undoubtedly facilitated this in the case of recipient countries whose currencies did not also appreciate against the dollar .
This , too , seems doubtful .
Totally fair burden-sharing may not be possible , but a security organization like NATO undoubtedly allows us to come closer to it than any other approach .
Moreover , climate change is no longer such a long-term problem , and only the lunatic fringe remains in doubt about whether the escalating use of carbon-based fuels is responsible for global warming .
So the authorities ' aim seems clear : put Khodorkovsky and Lebedev away for a much longer time -- more than 20 years if they are convicted . Few doubt that they will be .
Europe 's main strength in foreign policy is not its commitment to a rules-based multilateralism , important as that undoubtedly is , but its unity .
No doubt Maliki 's hard-line stance on the need for a firm timetable for the withdrawal of US troops was critical to Iran 's decision to throw its weight behind him .
In her devastating new book Mao : The Unknown Story , Jung Chang -LRB- author of the international bestseller Wild Swans -RRB- exposes startling new details that prove beyond doubt that Mao was a tyrannical , cruel hypocrite whose disregard for human lives and suffering surpassed that of even Stalin and Hitler .
Roman Abromovictch , for example , just acquired London 's Chelsea football club -- a witty way to join English society , no doubt , but an investment unlikely to offer the kind of financial returns he could make in Russia if his confidence in the country were undented .
We ought to prepare for the possibility of massive turmoil in our economies in coming years , even if we can not prove that it will happen , just as we should take steps against global warming , even if some scientists doubt that it is a problem .
But some economists doubt that these events tell the whole story .
This was the time of the `` great population scare , '' which transformed thinking worldwide , no doubt contributing to higher commodity prices while the fear lasted .
These labels are undoubtedly useful to consumers , but it is unlikely that many manufacturers , if given the choice , would have introduced them on their own .
In 2010 , when GDP was still only ¥ 479 trillion , the same trills would pay a dividend of ¥ 479 , not much larger than the initial yield and no doubt disappointing many investors .
These women -- and Tereshkova is undoubtedly among them -- were shocked by the changes they saw before them .
A 2005 report by Patrick Mazimhaka , a former AU deputy chairman , cast heavy doubt on the application of this rule in Somaliland .
Skeptics doubt that foreign aid really helps . Millennium Promise seeks to respond to that skepticism one village at a time .
Although later research has cast doubt on the existence of such dramatic differences , there is little doubt that being in a good mood makes people feel better about themselves and more likely to help others . Psychologists refer to it as the `` glow of goodwill . ''
So many leading cyclists have tested positive for drugs , or have admitted , from the safety of retirement , that they used them , that one can plausibly doubt that it is possible to be competitive in this event otherwise .
No doubt they calculated that a chance to get a $ 25,000 grant was n't worth it .
Yet a powerful reason for doubting this confronts us every day : the world contains a vast amount of pain and suffering .
As we have seen , the White House built its case for war on a highly selective dossier of evidence , and Bush made statements about Iraq 's attempt to purchase uranium from Africa that he and his staff knew to be highly doubtful , if not false .
I doubt that any $ 50 billion in the Pentagon 's budget could do more to make the world safer than doubling aid to the world 's poorest people .
They may be , to some extent , under the control of governments , and undoubtedly bad government is a major contributor to poverty .
Nevertheless , few researchers doubt that what Hwang and his colleagues claimed to do is , in principle , achievable .
But the ethical significance of such research goes far beyond the undoubted importance of saving critically ill patients .
The authorities will no doubt find ways of replacing the services that Google provided -- at some cost , and maybe with some loss of efficiency , but the Internet will remain fettered in China .
So occultists now will no doubt have a fine time with the fact that Craig Venter was the driving force behind the team of scientists that last month announced that they had created a synthetic form of life : a bacterium with a genome designed and created from chemicals in a laboratory .
We have yet to build a living organism entirely from bottles of chemicals , so anyone who believes in a `` life force '' that only a divine being could imbue into inert matter will no doubt continue to believe in it .
The most famous of these incidents was Diego Maradona 's goal in Argentina 's 1986 World Cup match against England , which he later described as having been scored `` a little with the head of Maradona and a little with the hand of God . '' Replays left no doubt that it was the hand of Maradona that scored the goal .
Given the rarity of such behavior in football , the initial reaction would no doubt have been surprise .
We can also accept that al-Zawahiri is undoubtedly a dangerous foe , still active in a terrorist movement , and that he is a legitimate military target .
It is not just the reliability of the Suez Canal and oil exports that are now in doubt ; decades of fixed strategic certainties must now be reexamined .
Instead of an expansionist Russian empire confronting Imperial Britain , it is now a China hungry for land , water , and raw materials that is flexing its muscles , encroaching on Himalayan redoubts and directly challenging India .
Now , however , increasingly bad news is giving rise to serious doubts ; dark clouds are hovering over the United States , in particular .
Yet China will undoubtedly become the world 's largest economic power in the foreseeable future .
Foreign investment is already at its nadir , due to the lingering political crisis following the fall of the Suharto dictatorship , and to doubts about the soundness of the country 's institutional and legal capacity .
A draft report by American intelligence agencies has also concluded that Afghanistan is in a `` downward spiral '' and casts serious doubt on the Afghan government 's ability to stem the Taliban 's resurgence .
He accused the British of being `` defeatist '' and argued that Afghanistan 's deteriorating security situation could be addressed with an Iraq-style `` surge , '' which has undoubtedly brought down violence levels in that country .
Meanwhile , Bashir , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack his enemies .
But I doubt that it has .
The pace of change might be doubtful , but not its direction .
No doubt it is unfair to blame the market for bad moral choices .
In John Kenneth Galbraith 's summary : `` Either from a shortage of borrowers , an unwillingness to lend , or an overriding desire to be liquid -- undoubtedly it was some of all three -- the banks accumulated reserves in excess of requirements .
I doubt that most Egyptians put what we call democracy at the top of their political agenda .
But , taking the long view , can anyone doubt that the invasion had the effect of shaking up the pieces , not just in Iraq , but across the Islamic chessboard ?
In its first episode , Ferguson appears amid the splendid monuments of China 's Ming Dynasty , which , in the fifteenth century , was undoubtedly the greatest civilization of the day , with its naval expeditions reaching the coasts of Africa .
There is no doubt that the earth became warmer over the twentieth century -LRB- by about 0.7 degrees Celsius -RRB- , which most climate scientists attribute largely to human carbon dioxide emissions .
This might look like a tactical choice , but I doubt that it will result in a stronger hand for the IMF .
The EU 's political will to counter its increasing dependence on Russia in the immediate future is thus open to serious doubt .
America undoubtedly needs more allies to bring Iraq 's chaos under control and to build an Iraqi state that is seen as legitimate both by Iraqis and the world .
Taken together , all these shortcomings cast serious doubt on the EU 's claim to be leading the debate over a fundamental reshaping of global economic governance .
Shi Tao , in his jail cell , was undoubtedly pleased to learn that China is ruled by law , not by the Communist Party .
True , there were always some nagging doubts about the European welfare state , mostly starting in the 1980 's , when globalization arrived at Europe 's door .
That the traditional left is so inert in the midst of today 's economic crisis is more than strange . Instead of thriving on renewed doubts about capitalism , Europe 's Socialist parties have failed to make any serious political inroads .
Admittedly , Brazil may soon elect a president that global financial markets do not like ; but if international financial markets take precedence over democratic choice , the system is undoubtedly flawed .
That fact casts doubt on Karl Popper 's concept of open society , which is based on the recognition that , while perfect knowledge is unattainable , we can gain a better understanding of reality by engaging in critical thinking .
On the other side is the risk of excessive debt , currency instability , and -- where unemployment is structural -- doubts about the benefits of additional stimulus .
In this transition , services will undoubtedly grow .
This problem will doubtless persist until more local officials are chosen through elections .
In the United States , the Supreme Court opted against a recount in Florida in 2000 , fueling widespread doubts about the legitimacy of the result .
That is no doubt part of the problem ; but the underlying problem is that financial markets made some very bad loans .
Even though 10 % of US households with mortgages had already lost their homes , the pace of foreclosures appeared to be increasing -- or would have , were it not for legal snafus that raised doubts about America 's vaunted `` rule of law . ''
It has become fashionable among politicians to preach the virtues of pain and suffering , no doubt because those bearing the brunt of it are those with little voice -- the poor and future generations .
Few can doubt the influence that oil interests have on President Bush -- witness the administration 's energy policy , with its emphasis on expanding oil production rather than conservation .
So the next time you hear rumblings in the legislature of an emerging democratic country against this or that `` technocratic '' proposal , think twice before dismissing the deputies ' doubts as populist rants .
No one ever doubted that the Euro would gain acceptance as a currency - in economists ' jargon , that the Euro would become an important `` medium of exchange , '' or even a good `` store of value . ''
If there was not outright corruption in the $ 7 billion in contracts awarded to Halliburton , whose former chairman was Vice President Dick Cheney , there was undoubtedly a strong whiff of crony capitalism .
While the President of Germany is not supposed to intervene in the day-to-day management of the country , his voice will no doubt be influential .
Developing countries ' alleged gains from capital market liberalization have been widely discussed -LRB- although recent studies raise some doubts about these benefits -RRB- .
Both the Bush administration and the EU would undoubtedly have preferred less criticism of their trade regimes , which have such adverse effects on developing countries .
We ca n't know , but there is little doubt that those `` managing '' the economy receive more credit than they deserve , if sometimes less blame .
There is little doubt that Greenspan had great moments , when one could at least imagine a less deft governor doing the `` wrong '' thing with disastrous consequences .
This , then , is Greenspan 's second legacy : growing doubt about central bank independence .
There is now little doubt that greenhouse gases , such as carbon dioxide , are leading to significant changes in climate . Nor is there doubt that these changes will impose huge costs .
If central banks go down this path , they will no doubt eventually succeed in wringing inflation out of the system . But the cost -- in lost jobs , lost wages , and lost homes -- will be enormous .
It seems highly doubtful that the tide of international opinion will turn against China to the extent that investors in general are seriously expected to shun the market .
Euro-skepticism is now at an all-time high in Turkey , fueled by some European political leaders ' rhetoric opposing Turkey 's accession , and by the EU 's own failure to dispel doubts about the feasibility of Turkey 's eventual membership .
There can be no doubt that growing foreign-policy activism , especially in relation to the Middle East , has begun to enhance Turkey 's role and influence in its own region .
If the Marchers had doubts , they conquered them with the help of Communist propaganda .
`` I doubt that even Mao knew what it was . ''
The contraction of property and stock markets will undoubtedly dampen US household borrowing and demand , potentially triggering a downward spiral .
But we should not rush to abandon bio-fuels , despite some undoubtedly poor policies in recent years .
Meanwhile , rich countries ' agricultural subsidies and tariffs have undoubtedly undermined food production in developing countries .
Green Money NEW YORK -- There is little doubt that green will be the metaphorical color of choice for world leaders when they gather at the G-20 Summit in Pittsburgh .
Meanwhile , measurement controversies continue to cast doubt on actual progress .
While undoubtedly mitigating the impact of the crisis , Europe 's `` automatic stabilizers '' are now said to be enough to ensure recovery , despite strong evidence to the contrary .
While these undoubtedly need to be addressed in the longer term , prioritizing them now effectively stymies stronger , sustained recovery efforts .
Some problems will undoubtedly arise from the fact that Mr. Berlusconi will be again bogged down by charges of `` conflict of interest . ''
This undoubtedly had a negative impact on productivity growth .
Although a tax increase will undoubtedly be needed , it is the wrong priority at the moment -- and could prove counter-productive if it causes the economy to decline dramatically .
The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and recent statements by CIA Director George Tenet that North Korea possesses missiles capable of reaching the US West Coast undoubtedly shocked Americans out of their complacency over North Korea 's nuclear status .
Undoubtedly , most Japanese strongly support the US-Japan alliance .
There is little doubt that the SCO is an instrument for Russia and China to make the case for a multi-polar world based on regional security blocs that counterbalance American strategic hegemony .
Even the genocidal Khmer Rouge were , for a brief time , partly defended by the US in their forest redoubts after their eviction from Phnom Penh .
Undoubtedly , South Sudan would face colossal challenges as a sovereign state , but the alternative -- an inevitable return to war -- would be incalculably worse , both for Sudan and for Africa .
Whatever this plan 's impact in practice , the political message is clear : when in doubt , Europe is better off sealing its borders .
When the election results are declared next year , no one doubts that the first challenge will be to cobble together another coalition .
So India is likely to ask the US to use its undoubted clout with Pakistan -- the US is a huge donor of both military and economic assistance to its near-bankrupt ally -- to demand tougher action against the militants on its territory .
Yet no one doubts that Pakistan 's all-powerful military intelligence has , over the last two decades , created and supported terror organizations as instruments of Pakistani policy in Afghanistan and India .
There is no doubt that the Internet can be a democratizing tool .
Any Indian government 's primary obligation is to its own people , and there is little doubt that the economic opportunities provided by Burmese oil and gas are of real benefit to Indians .
Despite that omission , there is no doubting Gandhiji 's worldwide significance -- including for Liu .
A country whose very survival seemed in doubt at its founding offers striking lessons in constructing , against all odds , a working democracy .
There is no doubt that , whatever India 's legitimate differences with China 's Communist regime , cooperation is in the best interests of both peoples .
It is , however , beyond doubt that in a financially integrated Europe , attempts at new and better regulation will be effective only if such reforms are not limited to the national level .
The cause of the Allied forces was undoubtedly superior to that of the Nazis or the Japanese , and the war against them was just and necessary .
But weakened , as it no doubt is , Putin 's Russia still regards itself as a great power .
He was given the benefit of the doubt , and his anti-Communism was elevated to a surrogate of democracy .
Russia was doubtless freer than ever before , in virtually all respects , good and bad .
They are dominant , no doubt , but they are not Russia in its entirety .
If the next presidential election in Russia were held this year , and if no decision were made to banish him from Russians ' TV screens , there can be little doubt that Dmitriy Rogozin would win .
Pure interests -- expressed through lobbying power -- were undoubtedly important to several key deregulation measures in the US , whose political system and campaign-finance rules are peculiarly conducive to the power of specific lobbies .
No one should doubt that Kuchma intends to stay in power , no matter what .
Does anyone doubt that the jailing of Mikhail Khodorkovsky , chairman of Yukos oil , is politically motivated ?
So do not doubt our ability to endure and stand firm .
Nobody ever doubted that Ukraine had changed vastly in its twelve years of independence .
Although the bigger EU countries have embarked on a policy to protect their industries as long as the crisis continues , they will doubtless be unsuccessful , because no country can ultimately halt structural adjustment by offering subsidies .
If there was ever any doubt , events of the last few years should have reinforced the lesson that too much capital chasing short-term yield can distort exchange rates and asset prices , potentially leading to financial catastrophe .
No one doubts that Jiang Zemin knows how to maintain an authoritarian regime .
Why , then , do China 's rulers continue to backslide into doubt and fear , and why do they seek to avoid having China labeled a superpower ?
There are undoubtedly `` natural '' barriers , such as language and national mentalities , which can not be overcome swiftly . But there are also big `` man-made '' barriers , particularly those created by different national legislation in the fields of investor and consumer protection .
Its checks and balances were meant to frustrate any such mission at the hands of an all-powerful executive , and it is doubtful that Americans would support such activism in perpetuity .
Skeptics doubt the credibility of this policy , which in principle obliges the US to sacrifice New York in response to an attack on Warsaw , or endanger Los Angeles to defend Taipei .
The issue of negotiating a rapprochement between Afghanistan 's government and the Taliban is undoubtedly controversial .
There can be no doubt that those who are attempting to help people involved in disasters and trauma have noble motives , but that is not enough .
But whatever the outcome , it is urgent that doubts about the safety of these drugs are resolved .
Moreover , it is doubtful that great progress can be made at the primary and secondary levels until a higher standard of science learning is set at the post-secondary level .
These challenges to the non-proliferation regime not only jeopardize the credibility , efficacy , and viability of the Treaty ; they have also cast a long shadow of doubt on the future of nuclear disarmament itself .
The dramatic dissolution of the Soviet Union stands as a reminder of what can happen to organizations when doubts take hold as to whether they still serve any real interests other than those of their own apparatchiks -- and how suddenly such doubts can grow when they attempt to convert themselves into something they are not .
Three generations after West Indians began immigrating en masse to the United Kingdom , Caribbean-descended Britons still doubt that their children or grandchildren will ever be seen as fully British .
There is no doubt that the expansion of access to financial services has enormous positive potential , when handled responsibly .
The online protest that ensued undoubtedly played a role in the government 's decision to abolish the system and arrest the officials involved in the case .
The global financial crisis has undoubtedly exacerbated the challenge of climate change .
But if the West is to curtail Al Qaeda 's activities in Yemen , it will need to push Saleh into reaching accommodations with both the Houthis and the southerners , and this will undoubtedly mean sharing power with them . Saleh will undoubtedly resist such an effort .
Although Karzai undoubtedly spent time praying at Islam 's holiest site , his mission was intended to prove more than his piety .
The al-Saud will undoubtedly be ruthless in seeking out the individuals directly implicated in the terrorist bombings .
After that , can anyone seriously doubt that the craving for fresh prey will intensify ?
Barack Obama , a wise and courageous leader , is -- I have no doubt about it -- not merely interested in improving America 's image in the eyes of the Muslim world .
Kan undoubtedly hopes that success in convincing trade partners to lift their bans on such products will boost his exceptionally weak domestic political support .
Unless the Fed successfully implements an exit strategy from monetary expansion , which is doubtful , China will not be able to recover its losses .
Most seriously , doubts persist about his commitment to democracy , with critics arguing he 's an old-style African `` big man '' ready to bully opponents and ravage the public coffers with his cronies .
There is no doubt that China needs its financial sector to develop soundly in order to ensure sustained economic growth .
But if many people start to doubt Italy 's solvency and require a large premium to lend , the country 's fiscal deficit will worsen , and it will most likely default .
If there is $ 120 of collateral guaranteeing a $ 100 bond , the bond is safer , no doubt .
