Advocates of dialogue with the Iranians and their Syrian allies , like former United States Secretary of State James Baker , labor under the delusion that they can actually reach an understanding that can enable a graceful US exit from Iraq and help stabilize that wounded country .
This enables continued economic growth with high oil prices .
It was innovation , and high productivity , not a weak currency , that enabled German and Japanese goods to conquer the world .
In the Airtours\/First Choice case , the Court ruled that the Commission failed to prove that the three leading tour operators , if merged , `` would have an incentive to cease competing with each other . '' The Court rejected the Commission 's conclusion that the merger would enable them `` to interpret each other 's business strategies more easily and to adopt those strategies themselves . ''
High prices also enabled the Coalition Provisional Authority to add even more private security personnel to protect refineries and pipelines .
Current and probable future levels of global connectivity and interdependence enable and require us to commence this conversation .
For governments , contracts are more likely to be durable if they are negotiated in a way that enables countries to receive fair and predictable long-term revenues .
We also have to find a way to provide funding for adaptation and mitigation -- to protect people from the impact of climate change and enable economies to grow while holding down pollution levels -- while guarding against trade protection in the name of climate change mitigation .
However rare changes in reserve currencies have been historically , the current situation is no longer tenable ; but a switch could further destabilize the world economy .
That withdrawal was based on the conviction that the gaps between the Israeli and Palestinian positions are too wide to enable meaningful negotiations .
A few tough messages from President Richard Nixon stopped the Israelis in their tracks and enabled the Americans to start a lengthy process of de-escalation that led to a number of interim agreements .
Notwithstanding these failures , Turkey 's strategic stature did not suffer , partly because the diminution of US engagement under President Barack Obama enabled Turkey to fill the ensuing regional power vacuum .
Afghans are demanding a political settlement to the conflict , which is the only means to stop the violence that disrupts their lives , promote political inclusion and accountability , and enable better governance .
Nothing is more fundamental to human security than health , which permits human choice , enables human freedom , and underpins human development .
This would enable it to identify macroeconomic threats to stability and encourage best practices for supervisors and regulators .
Apart from noise problems , research animals are often housed in small cages with no source of enrichment , such as wheels , shelves , or tubes . Such devices enable animals to exert some control over their environment , such as escaping an attack from a cage-mate by moving to another level in the cage or hiding .
A vocal minority of Moldova 's people believe that merging their country with Romania would put the country into the express lane to EU membership , with its generous financial perks and , perhaps most enticing of all , passports that would enable them to escape a no-hope economy to build lives elsewhere .
Similarly , while India 's information technology-enabled services have gained an international reputation , the total number of people employed in this sector is less than 0.5 % of India 's workforce . As such , it can not , by itself , transform the Indian economy .
He was almost certainly referring to life during the Maoist years rather than the present , but his remarks enabled China to issue more media attacks and raise the political temperature further .
But , in a world where productivity differentials can be as great as one to 1,000 , it would be unwise to rely on markets alone to enable the poorest countries to expand their economies .
To address such problems , arrangements that enable a minority of shareholders to veto related party transactions -- arrangements which are not warranted in widely held firms -- could well be valuable .
But , because publicly traded companies usually have a large amount of capital in place , lax rules would enable insiders to use this capital to their advantage .
But the firms ' pay arrangements did not contain any `` claw-back '' provisions that would have enabled the firms to recoup the bonuses that had already been paid .
Well , such a mechanism would indeed reduce raters ' negative incentives to compete with one another to please issuers of securities , and to pursue innovations and improvements that enable raters to serve issuers better .
But it would strengthen raters ' positive incentives to compete with one another to produce accurate ratings , and to pursue innovations and improvements that enable raters to achieve that far more socially beneficial goal .
While the targets of these organizations ' spending are disclosed , there is no public disclosure that enables investors in any public corporation to know whether their corporation contributes to such organizations and how much .
Political impediments often enable lax arrangements to linger even after they are recognized as inefficient .
The freedom to time the moment they cash out enables executives to use the special knowledge they have about their companies to sell before a stock-price decline .
For if we mean by ` development ' human development in its widest sense , the only development that is sustainable is one that enables people to live together in peace and with respect for basic human rights .
Zionism 's unique combination of democracy and utopianism enabled the Jews to recover their birthright and gave them a key to the future .
Donald Rumsfeld 's dogma of military `` transformation '' -- the technological upgrading of an army 's capacity to enable decisive victory with fewer troops -- failed resoundingly in Iraq .
It is because Netanyahu is driven by an almost Messianic determination to prevent Iran from acquiring the means to destroy Israel , that he might be amenable to a fundamental change in his position on Palestine , provided Obama makes visible headway in his drive to stop Iran 's nuclear program .
If pushed to the wall , Israel might try to extricate itself from an internationally untenable position by unilaterally disengaging from the West Bank up to its `` security fence . ''
Moreover , a higher inflation target -- and the restoration of credibility that it would imply -- would enable central banks to return to a lower inflation target without creating a recession once debt levels had been reduced and aggregate demand had recovered .
Ignorant of the extensive `` deindustrialization '' debate in 1960 's Great Britain , two Berkeley academics , Stephen Cohen and John Zysman , started a similar debate in the US in 1987 with their book Manufacturing Matters , which claimed that , without manufactures , a viable service sector is untenable .
Smart grid systems can enable big savings in emissions , but require a plan for putting them into effect .
This , together with external shocks and severe recessions , made fixed exchange-rate regimes untenable , first in Mexico , later in Brazil , and then , spectacularly , in Argentina .
In short , while Latin America 's economies were helped by high commodity prices , it is indisputable that the significant economic reforms adopted in most countries enabled them to have a `` good crisis . ''
Royal 's chief virtue is that she has not taken part in the numerous internal battles that infuriate socialist militants and voters , and her lack of direct association with the party 's leadership has enabled her to avoid blame for its mistakes .
And , in order to enable the full enjoyment of our freedoms -- be they of worship or scientific research -- the state must reassert its secular nature .
We believe instead that a `` Federation Lite , '' with a budget limited to about 5 % of Europe 's GDP -LRB- compared to almost half of GDP in most EU member countries -RRB- , would enable a realistic political union .
But letting questionable banks gradually recapitalize themselves and resolving the bad debt later -- perhaps with European Brady Bonds -LRB- zero-coupon bonds which in the 1990 's enabled US banks and Latin American countries to agree to partial write-downs -RRB- -- wo n't work if the losses are too large or the recovery is too fragile .
The fundamental problem for Greece is its bloated fiscal commitments , enabled by lower borrowing costs when it joined the euro .
And the higher-tax economies did not even have smaller budget deficits than the lower-tax US ; rather , higher taxes merely enabled higher spending .
The first change would enable Annex I countries to satisfy a greater share of their increasing climate responsibilities using credits from land-use projects implemented in non-Annex I countries . The second change would allow forestry and land-use projects that are eligible to issue carbon credits to include such activities as re-vegetation , forest restoration , and improved agricultural management .
State-building efforts have reformed previously defunct Palestinian institutions , and have enabled significant economic growth .
Torture , Yakubov says , enables the government to keep the public in fear and submission .
The declaration held that `` recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom , justice , and peace in the world . ''
The IT revolution and associated `` swarm '' technologies enable the foremost solution : a `` digital airspace '' that is wholly automatic in terms of air traffic control , navigation , and vehicle operations .
A digital airspace would in turn enable a complete revolution in personal mobility .
The issue of water emissions can be addressed by designs that enable long-haul aircraft to cruise below 9,000 meters .
Such designs could be enabled by using circulation control for high lift and employed at cruising altitude for ride quality . The resulting STOL -LRB- short takeoff and landing -RRB- performance could also improve airport productivity .
Given that these policies enabled these countries to respond well to shocks coming from the crisis epicenter , there are strong incentives to keep them in place .
First , in a modern democracy , punishment must be not only retributive , but should also try to rehabilitate the criminal in order to enable him to live in society with other human beings .
The American envoy got right what happened , its implications , and how to enable Barack Obama 's incoming administration to deal intelligently -- and differently from the past -- with one of its first crises in Latin America .
Our problem arose when we enabled the virus to move from its normal home into us , by `` farming '' civet cats and other animals .
Even motor structures that enable so-called `` fight or flight '' responses to a dangerous situation become active .
Future advances in neurosciences , together with miniaturization of microelectronic devices , will enable more widespread application of brain-machine interfaces .
High-level collusion enables thousands of tons of chemical precursors , needed to produce heroin , to be trucked into the country .
These forces are probably profiting from the drug trade . At the very least , their collusion enables the traffickers to obtain fuel , spare parts , accommodation , and guides .
The idea sounds logical : a man with a good job that enables him to build a decent life wo n't want to fight Americans or his fellow Iraqis , right ?
Palestinians would be allowed into Israel only at a small number of checkpoints , and the settlers would soon find their own position untenable and return to Israel .
It is , no doubt , the ultimate dream of a fully developed citizenship that a common floor of rights -- including a guaranteed economic status - will enable different people to live together in harmony .
Eastward expansion of the EU enables the New Europe to emulate the economic dynamism of other recent members , like Spain and Ireland .
By translating relative electoral majorities into absolute parliamentary majorities , it enables winning parties to govern rather than enter into permanent negotiations with coalition partners and scramble constantly for parliamentary majorities .
With 10 new members joining , that pretence is no longer tenable .
The European summit in Brussels this weekend was intended to equip the European Union with a constitution that would enable it to handle the challenges posed by the admission of ten new member states next spring .
Stable economic policy and rapid growth , in turn , enabled Blair 's government to pour extra money into education and the National Health Service .
Britain 's economy grew more steadily and rapidly than it had done for several generations , and the tax revenue generated by growth enabled the government to pour money into education and the National Health Service .
In response , bankers have tended to argue that any interference in their business would be an unconscionable assault on their inalienable human right to lose shareholders ' and depositors ' money in whatever way they please .
The ultimate aim of this research is to find out what intelligent people have and do that enables them to live longer .
Fifth , ensure that such aid moves quickly from short-run humanitarian purposes -- to save lives and feed those giving up war -- to reconstruction activities aimed at creating investment , productivity growth , and the sustainable employment that will enable people to live dignified lives .
Violence must give way to security for inhabitants ; lawlessness and political exclusion must give way to the rule of law and participatory government ; ethnic , religious , or class\/caste polarization must give way to national reconciliation ; and ruined war economies must be transformed into functioning market economies that enable ordinary people to support themselves .
To avoid a continuation of conflict and aid-dependency , the main focus of the international aid commitment should be to reactivate small enterprises and promote startup companies in various sectors in order to create viable economies that enable people to earn a legal and decent living .
There can be little hope for sustained economic development where the educational system is at least one generation -- and possibly three generations -- behind other regions in terms of its commitment to universal literacy , and where higher education largely ignores the skills and subjects needed to enable people to master technology .
All of these sources contributed to the flow of money into the US , which was thus enabled to invest much more than it had managed to save .
But about half of the stimulus money spent to date is on the tax and transfer side , and about a quarter is direct aid to states , which enables them not to raise taxes .
This strategy alone can enable these countries to compete economically in an increasingly global market .
Formulating policies that enable generic competition with the branded pharmaceutical industry will require creative measures that emphasise the imperative of maximizing public health .
Their innovative strategy is to draw on the First Amendment , which protects freedoms such as speech and religion , to argue that patents restrict patients ' freedom of access to information that might enable us to take action to protect our health .
Finally , in 1970 a splendid computer innovation enabled the proper alignment of amino acid sequences -LRB- which is vital to all subsequent data management -RRB- .
I was confident that bioinformatics would enable us to identify all genes merely by sequence inspection .
Ultimately health systems must be strengthened to enable health care providers to find TB that is present in communities with more sensitive and specific diagnostic tests , treat TB according to the class of the organism with the latest and most potent drugs , and prevent TB among those who are at risk . These steps may very well ensure that XDR-TB does not engulf the advances made in the past century in the global fight against TB .
By rejecting a unilateral stance , Mexico enabled a multilateral outcome .
The second challenge is to understand how the genes interact among themselves or with other factors to produce the condition , which should enable the development of new preventive measures or treatments based on the details of how the condition begins and how it progresses .
We need to enable people to defend themselves against others ; prevent innocent , well-meaning people from becoming infected and harming others ; and reduce the incentives and ability of the ill-intentioned to do harm .
Tracking user IDs will not enable us to catch or stop bad guys , and it will render the Internet impossible to use .
And it looked the other way when French and German banks recklessly enabled the Greek government 's profligacy .
This would enable central banks to hold instruments that behave like a widely diversified global equity portfolio .
On the contrary , the new government 's position will be no more tenable than that of its predecessor .
Europe could re-engineer the eurozone to enable debt sustainability and high economic growth .
Otherwise , not only will Europe 's global political ambitions become untenable , but its allies on the other side of the Atlantic will lose patience with Europeans ' refusal to shoulder their share of the security burden .
The problem is that many Chinese still lack the simple tools that would enable them to get past the GFW .
Redistributing some of the profits from high energy prices enabled the regime to improve living standards and make itself popular with ordinary Russians .
With 4.3 million new HIV infections each year throughout the world , we face an untenable situation , as new HIV infections far outstrip our ability to treat all those infected .
The flow of net export earnings from the oil producers and others into euros will push up the value of the euro and enable the transfer of funds to occur .
He hoped that France could dominate the National Liberation Front -LRB- FLN -RRB- militarily , and was frustrated at the extremely messy political situation on the ground and the difficulty of persuading the settlers that maintaining the status quo was untenable .
The war on drugs has enabled drug cartels to reap higher profits than ever and transform entire communities in Latin America into fiefdoms .
Reintegrating Kosovo into Serbia is not tenable .
But it would be a decisive first step toward changing the regional balance of power that would enable the stabilization of Iraq and the region as a whole .
Modernization à la Carte ? BERLIN &#45; &#45; Two centuries ago the American and French Revolutions brought forth the natural law concept of inalienable human rights .
Thirty years later , Obama 's offer would enable Iran not just to consolidate its independence through reconciliation with the United States , but also to live up to its increased significance within the region and in world politics .
Only courageous thinking and action will enable them to steer clear of the rocks .
As the financial crisis has shown , it is also the process that enables us to increase our understanding and ultimately to envisage a new world .
Nevertheless , precisely because they care about the future of their numerous children , the French are much more amenable to some wise reforms than most commentators -LRB- and politicians -RRB- generally assume .
Although Hamdan recognizes the legitimacy of confining enemy combatants until the end of hostilities , doing so is untenable .
Meanwhile , `` user-friendly '' computer programs enable biologists to build their own mathematical\/theoretical models .
We need to enable countries like Egypt and Tunisia -- and possibly a peaceful Libya -- to strengthen their political stability through democratization .
This enables us to identify the more important changes in sensation that are caused by external events and to distinguish them from sensations caused by our own actions .
Corporate status enabled universities to raise their own institutionally earmarked funds , which were bestowed on individuals who were `` incorporated '' on a non-hereditary basis , through examination or election .
This enabled Lomborg to appeal the verdict , successfully , claiming that the Committee had victimized him for political reasons , given his recent appointment as director of a major national institute for environmental research .
By submitting to a common regime of speaking , writing , reading , observing , and calculating , the `` upright ape '' acquired the capacity to reason in public . This enabled first him and then her to command authority regardless of birth , resulting in the forging of networks and even institutions whose benefits cut deeply across bloodlines .
In the case of the university , this means allowing access to knowledge to students who lack the intellectual , political , or financial resources that might have enabled them to produce it for themselves .
In these ways , academics enable knowledge to do maximum work at minimal cost to its recipients .
What China really needs is a truly independent monetary policy oriented to domestic objectives . This would enable the PBC to manage domestic demand by allowing interest rates to rise in order to rein in credit growth and deter reckless investment .
Computer scientists might be in a unique position to enable richer communication , and perhaps a more stable future as a consequence .
Genes enable life , but they clearly do not determine it .
And that is true here as well : performing the role of reserve currency enables the US to borrow on the cheap , but at the cost of any significant influence over the exchange rate , which is determined by the rest of the world 's demand for dollar assets .
But it is all too easy to forget that the development of this market was initially welcomed , because it enabled even people who would not normally qualify for a mortgage loan to aspire to homeownership .
Any holder of Greek debt , especially long-term debt , must calculate the likelihood that Greece 's political system will prove strong enough to push through the reforms needed to enable the country to service its debt fully -LRB- and on time -RRB- .
Over time , enhanced influence will enable him to get more things done .
It will thus reduce state expenditure on enforcing a widely violated law ; remove marijuana growing and selling from the black market ; enable any adult who wishes to use marijuana to do so ; and introduce a tax on legal marijuana sales that will fill state coffers with revenue that formerly went to illegal growers -LRB- so long as there is no large-scale tax evasion -RRB- .
Thus , the implicit perception of Western superiority and Eastern inferiority is untenable in the long run .
Human rights are a universal and inalienable topic , enshrined in international human rights documents that China has also signed onto , transcending international as well as domestic politics , and all cultures , religions and civilizations .
The Ghost of Appeasement PRAGUE -- One of the fundamental pillars of Europe 's political architecture is a strong and enduring belief in the universal validity of equal , universal , and inalienable human rights . At the core of this is a belief in the rights of human beings to a life of freedom and the protection of their dignity .
It is our hope that all of us will reach out to this disaster 's victims with our whole hearts , and give , through the Nippon Foundation 's fund or through any other respected and recognized humanitarian organization , whatever we can to enable Japan 's thousands of victims to recover the simple dignity of normal life .
Plant diversity sustains us now , and in the future it will enable us to adapt , innovate , and ultimately survive .
For it is open competition within the Single Market that enables Europeans to compete globally .
Similarly , the Obama administration is trying to force what it perceives as the easiest path to a new government in Iraq -- even if it is pro-Iranian -- not because it is in the US national interest , but to enable it to head for the exits more quickly in advance of the president 's re-election campaign .
We now know of several mechanisms that enable cells with identical DNA to have different characteristics , which are transmitted to daughter cells .
Consequently , it is helpful to have a proxy activity that enables outsiders to see that the process of discernment and valuation really occurs .
Europeans thought that their close geographic proximity and shared cultural inheritance might enable them to produce answers where global debates had become stalled .
The common currency 's strength reflects problems elsewhere in the world , but a euro exchange rate that would enable the return of confidence and growth is no less elusive for that .
Their defenders point out that such companies often have a much longer-term vision than is true of managerial capitalism , which enables them to establish strong and enduring relationships with their customers and suppliers .
Indeed , the Glorious Revolution enabled a revolution in finance .
They are right that Fannie and Freddie were `` too big to fail , '' which enabled them to borrow more cheaply and take on more risk -- with too little equity funding to back up their exposure .
This enables the bigger banks to get bigger .
But the rise of India and China means that the time-tested posture of Western democracies toward emerging states to `` do as we say , not as we do '' will become less tenable .
Thus , the prime minister 's office will more closely resemble the US White House , which he hopes will enable both countries to communicate their intentions continuously and reliably .
This would enable the prime minister 's assistants to `` command and instruct '' the relevant ministries and agencies .
That alliance enabled Japan to help defeat Russia in the Russo-Japanese War -LRB- 1904-1905 -RRB- .
New legislation will be needed to enable amendments to the constitution , and this will take time and even more debate .
In our immediate neighborhood , Belarus 's President Alexander Lukashenko ignored warnings from Russia and went ahead with a referendum that enables him to remain president for life .
Moreover , in order to deny terrorists institutional support , we must bring institutional strength to Afghanistan . We must enable Afghans to look after themselves and defend their country , to have a future in Afghanistan , to have hope of raising their children in Afghanistan .
One can understand how a computer `` works '' in terms of the high-level functions of the mouse , the hard drive , and the display while not having any understanding of the mechanisms that enable a cursor to move when a mouse is moved , or allow information to be stored and erased , or control pixels on a screen .
The illusion of explanatory depth may stop us at just about the right level of understanding , one that enables us to know how to get more information from others when we really need it without being overwhelmed .
This week , Putin told the United Russia party that he will place his name at the top of its ballot for the parliamentary election scheduled for December 2 , which could enable him to become Russia 's new prime minister after the presidential election due in March 2008 .
The policy change aimed at rectifying this grim reality in Serbia came when the Ministry agreed to apply country wide a pilot project that has , since 2003 , established a range of community-based support services to enable persons with intellectual disabilities to leave the institutions where they were confined and begin living lives in the wider world .
This approach is not only inhumane , but also economically untenable : leaders in these countries should be encouraged to redirect scarce law enforcement , court , and prison resources towards more pressing causes .
In Asia , the hope today is that Clinton 's visit will enable China 's rulers to understand that it is primarily in Asia that their country 's overall international role is being tested and shaped .
Also surprising is the increase in Argentina 's domestic savings rate , which has enabled self-financing of investment -- which has doubled -- and , paradoxically , capital outflows .
The status quo is untenable in the longer term .
This differentiates Turkey from most other Muslim countries in the Middle East , and has enabled it to avoid the sharp dichotomies , ruptures , and violence that have characterized political modernization elsewhere in the region .
For example , reporting by the South Metropolitan Daily led to the abolition of an outdated housing ordinance issued by the State Council . Cai Jing magazine 's continuous reporting on SARS enabled the Chinese public to learn the truth about this epidemic .
We must internalize lessons from the past and focus on establishing well-functioning markets that enable developing countries fully to tap their economies ' comparative advantage .
Both arrangements will eventually become untenable , because they will generate either an intolerable rate of inflation or an unsustainable burden of public-sector debt .
As Russia 's conflict with Ukraine in early January over gas prices demonstrated , when Russia plays rough , the West grows apprehensive and suspicious rather than more amenable .
These delaying tactics are enabled by a lack of pressure from below .
The Kremlin may have monopolized decision-making , but it is largely non-intrusive and enables citizens to live their own lives and pursue their own interests -- as long as they do not encroach on the government realm .
Hence , poverty reduction efforts must seek to provide incentives that will encourage the poor to acquire assets and capabilities that will enable them to escape poverty in the future .
If we focus on solving today 's problems , we will leave communities strengthened , economies more vibrant , and infrastructures more robust . This will enable these societies to deal much better with future problems -- including global warming .
He must now follow up by creating an open , inclusive environment , like India 's , that will enable both Sinhalese and Tamils to thrive .
Diplomacy was invented precisely in order to enable relations between adversaries , not friends .
Climate Change : Asia needs to build up innovative markets that enable technology transfer .
Oil revenues enable them to bribe the population to remain politically passive , while discouraging the creation of the kind of free-market system that breeds democracy .
The higher the growth rate , the more revenues the government will collect without raising tax rates ; and higher revenues enable smaller deficits .
The financial-market rules established after 1933 by President Franklin Roosevelt 's New Deal enabled the dollar to replace the British pound at the center of the international system .
In the 2000 's , China became the prime source of debt financing , and Americans were happy , because it enabled the US Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low .
Moreover , he evidently believes that the geo-strategic value of the bases enable him to bargain for a major US compromise .
That increase would enable Treasury mandarins to maintain their latitude in setting fiscal policy , while making it unnecessary to streamline special-account budget financing for gargantuan public corporations , into which retiring bureaucrats parachute for lucrative jobs .
Forgetting also enables us to forgive others .
The challenge we face is to find answers that will enable producers and regulators to make sound , science-based decisions , and to develop an oversight system that inspires consumer confidence .
Back then , imported goods consisted mainly of beads , alcohol , and , most importantly , weapons , which enabled these rulers to exercise extreme violence over their people .
Harnessing the hydroelectric power of the Congo Basin alone would be enough to meet all of Africa 's energy needs , or to light the entire continent of South America . Moreover , establishing an African grid would enable power from the Democratic Republic of Congo to be delivered to southern European countries such as Spain , Portugal , and Italy .
The military 's belief that Malay Muslims could be re-educated and re-socialized into accepting a Thai identity has proved untenable .
The hippocampus , a key structure in the formation of memories of events and contexts , expresses receptors that enable it to respond to stress hormones in the blood .
The brain 's response to stress does not necessarily constitute `` damage '' per se and is amenable to reversal as well as prevention by treatments that include drugs , exercise , diet , and social support .
The European External Action Service -LRB- EEAS -RRB- , which is meant to enable the EU `` to speak with one voice , '' was launched only at the end of 2010 and many senior positions remain unfilled .
Given its growing profile , China must do far more to demonstrate its bona fides as a responsible global leader or risk undermining the system that has enabled its own miraculous rise .
This can not involve the creation of working groups that merely pay lip service to ethical debate , but must enable non-sports organizations to develop their own policy framework for the regulation of ` gene doping ' and , more broadly , the use of genetic information .
After all , the main source of systemic instability in financial systems is excessive leverage -- and the reckless lending that it enables -- by deposit-taking institutions .
But even when people do not work together , globalization , by bringing the world to everyone 's living room -LRB- or hut -RRB- , enables them to make much wider comparisons of their living standards .
But the techniques they were relatively crude and recently have been supplemented -- and in many cases replaced -- by `` the new biotechnology , '' a set of enabling techniques that enable genetic modification at the molecular level .
Achieving this goal could offer scientists unprecedented opportunities for innovation , and better enable them to craft bespoke microorganisms and plants that produce pharmaceuticals , clean up toxic wastes , and obtain -LRB- or `` fix '' -RRB- nitrogen from the air -LRB- obviating the need for chemical fertilizers -RRB- .
But let 's be reasonable : the absurdity of Italy 's presence in the G-8 , together with the lack of official membership for countries such as China , India , and Brazil , is no longer acceptable or tenable .
The idea of a Club of Six , floated by Nicolas Sarkozy early in his presidency , was always abstract and is now untenable .
Sporadic complaints and warnings from above enable them to develop an intuitive sense for the boundaries of acceptable content , so they create shows that are free from offending material from the outset .
Removing all trade barriers , as called for by SADC 's plan , would enable them to take full advantage of the region 's abundant natural resources and point the way toward deeper global integration for all of Africa .
After all , generals will be more inclined to identify efficiencies if they believe that doing so will ultimately enable them to enhance their capabilities .
Such predictable budgets will better enable European leaders to establish defense planning targets that address the priorities of military transformation .
This would enable NATO and the EU to assess future scenarios and find ways to work together to prevent and manage crises .
But there is also a risk that assistance for tsunami victims is diverting aid from disasters that are of a more chronic character or that are less amenable to sensational media coverage .
The concept was partially embraced in the French Declaration of Rights of 1789 and , to a greater extent , in Thomas Jefferson 's language in the same era about `` inalienable rights . '' It also shaped the thinking of those in England who led the anti-slavery struggle of the second half of the eighteenth century , the first human rights movement .
Much-needed capital investment can enable smallholder farmers to provide the private sector with a sustainable supply of high-quality agricultural produce .
Democratization of technology enables instruments of mass destruction to become smaller , less costly , and more readily available .
When Israel launched a lengthy bombing campaign in Lebanon last month , it created so many civilian casualties that the early criticisms of Hezbollah by Egypt , Jordan , and Saudi Arabia became untenable in Arab politics .
Moreover , the information revolution enables individuals to perpetrate sabotage with unprecendented speed and scope .
Others argue that reform and modernization will enable Russia to surmount its problems , and that its leadership is headed in this direction .
Negotiations are underway to revise a draft EU constitution . Some Europeans worry that the constitution will enable courts to carry the integration process further and faster than public opinion in member states will tolerate .
After the Meiji Restoration of 1867-1868 , a rising Japan built the military strength that enabled it to defeat Russia in 1905 .
Many crucial issues , such as financial stability or climate change , simply are not amenable to military force .
This is a natural and welcome evolution , as it enables hundreds of millions of people to escape from poverty .
But its losses were not significant enough to enable any of the four main opposition parties -- the Action Congress of Nigeria -LRB- ACN -RRB- , the Congress for Progressive Change -LRB- CPC -RRB- , the All Progressives Grand Alliance -LRB- APGA -RRB- , or the All Nigeria People 's Party -LRB- ANPP -RRB- -- to take its place .
Similarly , new reserves `` discovered '' by Shell to enable it to press a claim for the Reserves Addition Bonus was a key source of company profits until 1999 , when a new government reviewed the Memorandum of Understanding .
Attempts by Obasanjo 's supporters to persuade the National Assembly to amend the Constitution to enable Obasanjo to continue in office beyond two terms met a solid wall of opposition .
Most important , New York 's highly concentrated population and comprehensive public transit system enable the majority of residents to live without owning automobiles , an unthinkable deprivation almost anywhere else in the US .
Much more critical is the inherent inefficiency of the way of life that cars both enable and make necessary , and of the sprawling web of wasteful infrastructure that high levels of individual mechanized mobility lead affluent societies to create .
His was one of the most brilliant insights in the history of science : a mechanism that enabled the principle of evolution to unify and inform all of biology .
This has enabled traders collectively to hit upon a strategy of buying oil and quickly re-selling it when end users accommodate higher prices -- a situation that has been aggravated by the Bush administration , which has persistently added oil supplies to the US strategic reserve , further inflating demand and providing additional storage capacity .
A little more sharp-eyed honesty about Britain 's real weight in the post-war world might have enabled us British to play a more central role in Europe 's affairs , molding the emerging European Union more closely to our own national interests .
We need the sort of courage that was the hallmark of Margaret Thatcher . We need Bill Clinton 's extraordinary ability to spin a political narrative that enabled voters to identify their own interests with his goals .
They did n't have to like Israel , provided that they were n't too rude about America 's pro-Israel bias and its refusal to accept that insisting on Israel 's inalienable right to exist was not the same as allowing Israel to do whatever it wanted .
International commerce and travel enable infectious diseases to strike continents away from their sources .
The immature malaria parasite takes 26 days to develop fully at 68 degrees F , but only 13 days at 77 degrees F. The Anopheles mosquitoes that spread malaria live only several weeks , so warmer temperatures enable more parasites to mature in time for the mosquitoes to transfer the infection .
Moreover , such reinvented fisheries will be smaller , and they will rely on fish that move out of marine reserves , the protected ocean areas that we must establish to enable marine ecosystems and the species within them to rebuild some of their past abundance , and to share it with us again .
The formation of a Palestinian national unity government enables the EU and its partners to resume cooperation with the Palestinian authorities without losing face .
As to the nuclear issue , Iran should try to switch from the language of `` inalienable rights '' to one of pragmatic solutions .
But the establishment 's efforts to put a lid on the seething Thai kettle appear untenable .
The remarkable 64-year reign of 83-year-old King Bhumibol Adulyadej deserves credited for Thailand 's unity and stability , which kept communism at bay and enabled steady economic development , warts and all .
The pillars of the Thai state -- nation , religion , and the king -- struck a unifying , collective chord , and the resulting stability enabled economic development .
In practice , though , public pressure to do something quickly enables politicians to run roughshod over the usual checks and balances on government policy making .
This policy has enabled the group to remain united over the years , despite severe disagreements .
In a separate move , Brown promised to close any legal loopholes that enable hedge fund managers to exempt themselves from paying taxes .
For example , it is untenable in rich countries that farm interests accounting for less than 4 % of employment are effectively able to block a deal to open new markets for services and manufactures , which account for more than 90 % of employment .
At the same time , it can provide the nonpartisan technical expertise that enables governments to define policies that will ensure continued economic stability .
The view that flexibility is the key factor in employment is no longer tenable .
In simple human terms , millions of people are alive today because these norms enabled the work of the International Committee of the Red Cross -LRB- ICRC -RRB- .
An undervalued currency enables an economy to integrate into the world economy on the basis of strong export performance .
Deregulation promised to spawn financial innovations that would enhance access to credit , enable greater portfolio diversification , and allocate risk to those most able to bear it . Supervision and regulation would stand in the way , liberalizers argued , and governments could not possibly keep up with the changes .
Although economic globalization has enabled unprecedented levels of prosperity in advanced countries and has been a boon to hundreds of millions of poor workers in China and elsewhere in Asia , it rests on shaky pillars .
Then we enable these loans to be pooled and packaged into securities that can be sold to investors , reducing risk in the process .
Foreign borrowing can enable consumers and governments to live beyond their means for a while , but reliance on foreign capital is an unwise strategy .
In many of these cases -- Turkey during the 1990 's is a good example -- financial markets enabled irresponsible governments to embark on unsustainable borrowing sprees .
Financial globalization was supposed to have enabled poor , undercapitalized countries to gain access to the savings of rich countries .
The great advantage of industrial policies is that they enable growth-promoting structural change without generating trade surpluses .
These oddities are perhaps to be expected for an institution that is being forced to backtrack from a position that has become analytically and empirically untenable .
For developing countries , expanding manufacturing industries enables not only improved resource allocation , but also dynamic gains over time .
Outside Japan , Asia policymakers certainly do n't seem amenable to exchange-rate appreciation
What really upset investors , of course , was the realization that , yes , some day untenable debt guarantees will have to be withdrawn .
Absent a clear path to a much tighter fiscal and political union , which can lead only through constitutional change , the current halfway house of the euro system appears increasingly untenable .
Over time , advanced economies will need to invest in human capital , skills and social safety nets to increase productivity and enable workers to compete , be flexible and thrive in a globalized economy .
This would enable them to revive economic growth and competitiveness through a depreciation of new national currencies .
The ICTY 's first chief prosecutor , Richard Goldstone , called for condemnation of ethnic persecution in order to enable all sides to transcend identity politics and move towards a more liberal political order .
Their backing includes not only arms , but also financial subsidies that enable Hezbollah to buy popular support .
As the well-known Oxford biologist Richard Dawkins notoriously remarked , `` Although atheism might have been logically tenable before Darwin , Darwin made it possible to be an intellectually fulfilled atheist . ''
It enables not only higher economic competitiveness , but also greater freedom , justice , and solidarity .
It is sheer fantasy to believe that the threat of an aid cutoff would enable the US and Europe to influence the course of Ethiopia 's complex internal politics .
Most notably , they are ethnically homogeneous , so that social divisions are more amenable to compromise .
Just as with polio , the fight against hunger , disease , and lack of access to safe water and sanitation can be carried forward with practical and powerful technologies . Indeed , these technologies are so powerful that they can enable families currently trapped in poverty to escape it once and for all .
The root of the problem is that Africa 's farmers are too poor to obtain the basic modern inputs -- including high-yield seed varieties , fertilizers , and small-scale water management systems -- that could enable them to double or triple their output of food and cash crops .
These investments could be increased systematically during the period from now until 2015 , in order to enable these countries to achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
Ironically , of course , his stance became untenable when his own misdeeds came to light .
With small and mutually acceptable adjustments to those borders , these terms would enable peaceful co-existence of two states side by side .
Such commitments are to be taken in the context of `` sustainable development , '' meaning that `` economic and social development and poverty reduction are global priorities . '' The plan also calls for knowledge transfer to enable poor countries to adopt environmentally sound technologies .
We must ensure that all countries adopt a verifiable strategy for environmentally sound technology , and that rich countries fulfill the Bali Action Plan 's promise to provide `` financial and other incentives '' to enable poor countries to adopt the new technologies .
The time has come to reestablish public financing systems that enable small farmers in the poorest countries , notably those farming on two hectares or less , to gain access to needed inputs of high-yield seeds , fertilizer , and small-scale irrigation .
Finally , our past technological triumphs did not actually conserve natural resources , but instead enabled humanity to mine and use these resources at a lower overall cost , thereby hastening their depletion .
Looking ahead , the world economy will need to introduce alternative technologies that conserve energy , water , and land , or that enable us to use new forms of renewable energy -LRB- such as solar and wind power -RRB- at much lower cost than today .
These transfers enable and encourage those households to invest in their children 's health , nutrition , and schooling .
These pooled funds would enable farmers in poor countries to obtain the fertilizer , improved seed varieties , and small-scale irrigation equipment that they urgently need .
The new financing would include direct loans from rich countries ' export-credit agencies to enable poor countries to borrow long term -LRB- for example , 40 years -RRB- to build roads , power grids , renewable energy generation , ports , fiber optic networks , and water and sanitation systems .
In Senegal , for example , a world-leading pipe manufacturer , JM Eagle , donated more than 100 kilometers of piping to enable an impoverished community to join forces with the government water agency PEPAM to bring safe water to tens of thousands of people .
Such a gathering would enable information-sharing , which could save lives and economies .
Third , electric-powered vehicles will open up a new world of `` smart '' vehicles , in which sensor systems and vehicle-to-vehicle communications will enable collision protection , traffic routing , and remote management of the vehicle .
This will enable hundreds of thousands of displaced people to return to their village communities and live from farming .
Rich countries could enable the poorest of the poor to escape from misery by providing just a tiny fraction of their yearly national income - or , indeed , of their military spending - to overcome the crises of hunger , education , and disease .
Communications and mass media have long enabled `` copycat '' effects -- protests in one place ignite similar actions elsewhere .
Whatever the eventual outcome , the status quo is untenable .
How can you evaluate a contribution of light infantry against the provision of critical enablers such as helicopters or air-to-air refueling tankers ?
But one also hopes that China 's successes will enable its leaders to feel strong enough to begin looking honestly at China 's recent past in a more critical way .
During the 1990 's , the US and Europe erred in treating Russia with benign neglect . It would be a mistake for Russia to respond in kind today by seeking to prolong the PCA negotiations in the hope that a possibly more amenable EU president may one day offer softer terms .
Jordanian agents were instrumental in providing the intelligence that enabled US forces to kill Abu Zarqawi , the mastermind of the Amman bombing .
No perfect substitutes for the market in the area of scientific discovery exist , but a good surrogate , which enables scientists to compete effectively , is the system of peer review , i.e. , the anonymous evaluation of research by scientific colleagues .
A liquid , cash-settled futures market that is based on an index of home prices in a city would enable a homeowner living there to sell in a futures market to protect himself .
In the US , widely called `` the land of opportunity , '' the shame of being poor is unbearable , and there are no cultural resources to enable such people to maintain self-esteem , especially when the country is so successful overall .
Effective financial markets enable them to pursue such opportunities despite these constraints by enlisting investors to provide the capital .
Both spirit and the necessary financial institutions must be present to enable `` creative destruction '' - the force Joseph Schumpeter argued sixty years was the engine of capitalist prosperity - to be unleashed .
The Chinese acknowledge that they enabled Americans to borrow and spend beyond their means by parking China 's massive foreign reserves in US government securities .
The grand expansion of the Soviet empire enabled humankind 's exploration of the cosmos and its potential expansion beyond Earth .
By means of extensive reforms to the structure , operation , and decision-making processes of EU institutions , the treaty enhances their effectiveness and enables greater dynamism .
America the Hypocritical In commemorating the 230th anniversary of America 's independence last July , President George W. Bush noted that the patriots of the Revolutionary War believed that all men are created equal , and with inalienable rights .
The constant media focus enabled people to feel that they knew her , and so they followed and cared intensely about her ups and downs , as if she were a member of their own family .
Hollis and Pogge estimate that about $ 6 billion a year would be required to enable the Fund to provide a sufficient incentive for drug companies to register products that target the diseases of the poor .
In such circumstances , the admittedly very real risks of synthetic biology seem decisively outweighed by the hope that it may enable us to avert a looming environmental catastrophe .
Fowler did so , but in a manner that enabled the goalkeeper to save it .
Instead , `` performance capture technology , '' originally invented for the movie Avatar , enables a human actor , Andy Serkis , to play the role of the chimpanzee Caesar , not by dressing in a chimp suit , but by having every gesture and facial movement , even the twitch of an eyebrow , transformed into the movement of an ape .
Partially delayed integration rather than transition periods or quotas is a market-oriented solution that can maintain Europe 's welfare states and enable it to grow and develop to its true potential .
Germany even has short-time allowances that enable companies to reduce their employees ' working hours , with the loss in earnings partly reimbursed by the state .
This enabled US banks to profit by offering low rates of return to foreign lenders while forcing foreign borrowers to accept high interest rates .
The unwillingness of the Chinese to consume enabled Americans to build new houses for many years on borrowed money and to maintain a level of consumption that the US economy was unable to finance on its own .
Given this history , it is a bit shabby to reproach China now for its exchange-rate policy -- a policy that enabled the US to live beyond its means for so long .
The ECB bailout program has enabled the people of the peripheral countries to continue to live beyond their means , and well-heeled asset holders to take their wealth elsewhere .
When the five years of legal residence are completed , an immigrant automatically gains the inalienable right to permanent residence .
This will enable low real interest rates , which -LRB- together with bank reform -RRB- is the main condition for the growth of small and medium-sized enterprises needed to diversify the economic structure and ensure a more stable pattern of growth .
As long as we rely on technical fixes to plug moral gaps and governments rush in with rescue packages that enable the merry-go-round to start up again , we are bound to keep lurching from frenzy to frenzy , punctuated by intervals of collapse .
This East Asian `` savings glut '' enabled a debt-fuelled consumption glut in the US , Britain , and much of the Western world .
But 30 years of hindsight enable us to judge which elements of the Thatcher revolution should be preserved , and which should be amended in the light of today 's global economic downturn .
This would enable capital buffers to be created in good years , which could then be drawn down in bad years .
Although regulators now place their faith in `` macro-prudential '' models to manage `` systemic '' risk , rather than leaving financial institutions to manage their own risks , both sides lumber on in the untenable belief that all risk is measurable -LRB- and therefore controllable -RRB- , ignoring Keynes 's crucial distinction between `` risk '' and `` uncertainty . ''
This enables us to work out how much Keynes thought was `` enough . '' GDP per head in the United Kingdom in the late 1920 's -LRB- before the 1929 crash -RRB- was roughly £ 5,200 -LRB- $ 8,700 -RRB- in today 's value .
Public anger apart , such a system is untenable .
Lousy language ... conceals the effects of real power and capacity , real wealth and influences . '' It enables deep inequality to happen more easily .
For Keynes , this is untenable : `` Actually ... we have as a rule only the vaguest idea of any but the most direct consequences of our acts . '' This made investment , which is always a bet on the future , dependent on fluctuating states of confidence .
A `` substitution account , '' housed at the IMF , would enable countries to convert their existing reserve holdings into SDRs .
In response to deflationary pressure , Fisher 's plan would have enabled banks to draw down their reserves and thus , supposedly , increase their lending -LRB- or create deposits -RRB- .
The bailout fund created last year by the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank to enable Greece and other distressed sovereigns , like Ireland and now Portugal , does exactly that , but on the condition that they implement austerity programs to eliminate their deficits over a short period of time .
The hope is that the reduction in borrowing costs on new loans , plus the austerity programs promised by governments , will enable bond prices to recover to par without the need for the creditor banks to take a hit .
New bond issues , following a big debt write-down in 1924 -LRB- the Dawes Plan -RRB- , enabled Germany to borrow the money to resume payments .
The UN was created under rules designed to enable states of different political colors to live together .
The accumulation of large surpluses , especially in emerging Asian economies and oil-exporting countries , enabled the US to finance its current-account deficit .
Until recently , IMF rescue programs were designed to enable debtor countries to meet their obligations .
The EU is left in an untenable position , with an enlarged membership of 27 states and a governing structure designed for six .
This will be sufficient to enable the IMF to come to the aid of specific countries in trouble , but it will not provide a systemic solution without conditionality .
Financing the Fight against Climate Change COPENHAGEN -- It is now generally agreed that the developed countries will have to make a substantial financial contribution to enable the developing world to deal with climate change .
Returns from land-use projects , for example , could also include the potential to create more sustainable rural livelihoods , enable higher and more resilient agricultural yields , and generate rural employment .
Most Roma share the aspirations of the majority populations : a home with adequate services , a decent education for their children , jobs that enable them to provide for their families , and to interact with the majority in their society .
Europe-wide regulation of banks encroaches on national sovereignty less than European control over fiscal policy . And European control over banks is less amenable to political abuse than national control .
Moreover , the competitiveness requirements demanded by Germany will be imposed on an uneven playing field , putting deficit countries in an untenable position , one that might even drag down Spain , which entered the euro crisis with a lower debt ratio than Germany .
It should be possible to mobilize a pro-European silent majority behind the idea that when the status quo becomes untenable , we should look for a European solution rather than national ones .
Would the United States be any more amenable on the environment ?
Instead of imposing requirements , it would be much better to provide resources to enable poor countries to comply on a voluntary basis .
Initially , a foreign policy based on Nelson Mandela 's shining global reputation enabled the country to project itself as an exemplary international citizen .
That would enable effective enforcement of fiscal discipline at the national level and provide the euro with the fiscal discipline it needs to survive .
All of this is needed to enable the Fund to support the global coordination functions for which it is uniquely well equipped .
Sustained high growth is enabled by and requires engagement with the global economy that goes beyond simply being able to produce for a potentially massive export market .
The solution must be to use firmness backed , if necessary , by military strength , to enable Karzai to face down Marshall Fahim .
Resolving that conflict - itself a key aspect of Arab political identity - might enable Arab political culture to change .
Only that course will enable Turkey to construct a better constitution than it has now .
His grandfather , Wilhelm I , had presided over Prussia 's military victories , which enabled Bismarck to create the unified Reich in 1871 .
The irony is that the scientists making the advances that enable technology-based growth , and the venture capital firms that finance it were not the ones reaping the biggest rewards in the heyday of the real estate bubble .
Instead , it has enabled America 's failures to spread around the world , like a contagious disease .
Most Americans view it as grossly unjust , especially after they saw the banks divert the billions intended to enable them to revive lending to payments of outsized bonuses and dividends .
Recent methodological advances have enabled us to assess better what contributes to citizens ' sense of well-being , and to gather the data needed to make such assessments on a regular basis .
These include agent-based models that emphasize the diversity of circumstances ; network models , which focus on the complex interrelations among firms -LRB- such as those that enable bankruptcy cascades -RRB- ; a fresh look at the neglected work of Hyman Minsky on financial crises -LRB- which have increased in frequency since deregulation began three decades ago -RRB- ; and innovation models , which attempt to explain the dynamics of growth .
The justification was that bailing out the banks , however messily , would enable a resumption of lending . That has not happened .
This enabled a consumption binge , which meant that debt was created without a corresponding asset , and encouraged excessive investment in real estate , resulting in excess capacity that will take years to eliminate .
Rather , it would enable the powerful to exploit the weak .
Globalization and modern technology now enables social movements to transcend borders as rapidly as ideas can .
Ultimately , security of property rights -- and the growth it enables -- depends primarily on the legitimacy with which those rights are viewed by society .
One of the most important roles for government is creating the `` rules of the game , '' which enable a market economy to work .
At the same time , a strengthened economic and social security council would enable the UN to shape more effectively debates about reforming the global economic and financial system .
The time is ripe for the IMF to return to its original mission -- ensuring global liquidity to enable sustained global growth .
Europe has succeeded in part because it recognizes that the rights of individuals are inalienable and universal , and because it created institutions to protect those rights .
The colonial powers ' divide-and-rule tactics enabled small populations in Europe to rule large numbers outside of Europe , pillaging natural resources while investing little in the physical , human capital , and social capital necessary for an economically successful , democratic self-governing society .
The lending reforms adopted this week will enable us to be even more flexible and responsive in assisting even more countries .
But developments in recent years have enabled Turkey to become a more active player in the region , and to score several diplomatic successes .
Structural transformations should promote full and productive employment as well as decent work , while governments should have enough policy and fiscal space to enable them to play a proactive role and to provide adequate universal social protection .
Global leadership today seems to be held hostage by financial interests and associated media , ideologists , and oligarchs whose political influence enables them to secure more rents and pay lower taxes in what must truly be the most vicious of circles .
In particular , the new constitution strengthens the powers of the prime minister and enables him to call early elections in the event of a government crisis .
Indeed , it is precisely the Eurocrats ' detachment from everyday politics that has enabled the EU to deliver .
While India 's government had briefly hoped that the proof might enable Pakistan 's weak civilian government to rein in the malign elements in its society , the Pakistani authorities ' reaction has been one of denial .
One successful UNESCO initiative is the creation of multipurpose community telecenters throughout the developing world , providing communication and information facilities -- phone , fax , Internet , computers , audio-visual equipment -- for a wide range of community uses . India 's Unique Identification Number project , under the capable stewardship of information-technology pioneer Nandan Nilekani , will enable access to government , banking , and insurance services at the grass-roots level .
Only mutualization of debt issuance can generate the low -LRB- risk-free -RRB- interest rate needed to enable these countries to put their public finances on a sound footing and lay the basis for a return to economic growth .
This process enabled western European companies and banks to expand into new markets with higher growth rates and , thereby satisfying pent-up demand and tapping unrealized potential .
By taking the right steps now , the Union is laying the foundations that will enable it to emerge from today 's difficulties strengthened and more united .
Putin plans to stay in the Kremlin for two more presidential terms , another 12 years , as he is enabled to do by the recently-amended constitution .
Internationalists had to come to terms with the simple fact that , on its own , trade did not automatically enable peace .
Print , paper , and newspapers enabled the rise of new types of political systems based on expanded popular participation .
It is caused by imbalanced nutrition or a lack of vitamins and essential minerals that enable the human body to grow and that maintain its vital functions .
The saying that what is good for GM is good for the US , if it was ever valid , seems hardly tenable today .
Independently , we became infected with the idea of creating a Web platform that would enable anyone to contribute their knowledge to free and open learning resources .
Such remittances enabled thousands of Jamaicans , for example , to recover from the devastation of Hurricane Gilbert in 1988 , when storm damage was estimated at more than one-quarter of the country 's annual GDP and nearly three households in four reported damage .
What is astonishing about this `` model '' is that it has enabled China to maintain rapid growth within a relatively stable political environment for 30 years .
Although constraining future US BMD programs with legally binding agreements is politically untenable , US officials could inform their Russian counterparts of their long-range BMD plans without much difficulty .
This would enable to FSB to hire the best possible talent , receive funding from governments , and enter into more formal arrangements with other international bodies in order to carry out its responsibilities more effectively .
It will also enable them to make wiser decisions on critically important matters of public policy , and to be far more creative and effective members of the work force .
In the environmental technology industry alone , nanomaterials will enable new means of reducing the production of wastes , using resources more sparingly , cleaning up industrial contamination , providing potable water , and improving the efficiency of energy production and use .
Maintaining anonymous charges enables the military authorities to avoid keeping comprehensive records , which in turn allows officials to evade responsibility for transparent reporting of assaults and of prosecutions -- and thus not to prosecute sex crime in any serious , systematic way .
These countries have experienced unprecedented levels of sustained economic growth that may well enable them to replace the `` Affluents '' as engines of the world economy .
However , within these boundaries , internet-enabled activism , such as online petitions , have not only expanded the boundaries of traditional media reporting , but presaged some interesting new political consequences as well .
As the pervasiveness and flexibility of the new medium weakens traditional media censorship , internet-enabled social activism plays an increasingly influential role in China 's legal reform and the development of its nascent civil society .
Developed countries should also fulfill their obligations under the Convention to provide financial support and technology transfer to enable developing countries to effectively tackle climate change .
Royal perks include lifetime sinecures and domination of the civil service , which enable the princes to award contracts and receive commissions on top of their salaries .
This makes them vulnerable to Syrian leverage , and is why they may be more amenable to dealing with Syria on the presidency .
Second , adequate resources should be made available to poor and vulnerable regions and countries to enable them to adapt to climate change .
Indeed , China 's growth rate has been boosted over the last two decades by the country 's demographic and land-resource `` bonuses , '' which enabled it to maximize the benefits of globalization .
Countries are trying to break the credit freeze , bolster financial institutions , ease interest rates , strengthen safety nets , and revive consumption and investment in order to boost business , enable people to work , and lay the foundation for future growth .
In October , I called for modernizing multilateralism and markets to better reflect the changing world economy and to enable countries to act in concert to address interconnected problems .
