This enables continued economic growth with high oil prices .
For governments , contracts are more likely to be durable if they are negotiated in a way that enables countries to receive fair and predictable long-term revenues .
Nothing is more fundamental to human security than health , which permits human choice , enables human freedom , and underpins human development .
While the targets of these organizations ' spending are disclosed , there is no public disclosure that enables investors in any public corporation to know whether their corporation contributes to such organizations and how much .
The freedom to time the moment they cash out enables executives to use the special knowledge they have about their companies to sell before a stock-price decline .
For if we mean by ` development ' human development in its widest sense , the only development that is sustainable is one that enables people to live together in peace and with respect for basic human rights .
Torture , Yakubov says , enables the government to keep the public in fear and submission .
High-level collusion enables thousands of tons of chemical precursors , needed to produce heroin , to be trucked into the country .
These forces are probably profiting from the drug trade . At the very least , their collusion enables the traffickers to obtain fuel , spare parts , accommodation , and guides .
The idea sounds logical : a man with a good job that enables him to build a decent life wo n't want to fight Americans or his fellow Iraqis , right ?
Eastward expansion of the EU enables the New Europe to emulate the economic dynamism of other recent members , like Spain and Ireland .
By translating relative electoral majorities into absolute parliamentary majorities , it enables winning parties to govern rather than enter into permanent negotiations with coalition partners and scramble constantly for parliamentary majorities .
The ultimate aim of this research is to find out what intelligent people have and do that enables them to live longer .
But about half of the stimulus money spent to date is on the tax and transfer side , and about a quarter is direct aid to states , which enables them not to raise taxes .
As the financial crisis has shown , it is also the process that enables us to increase our understanding and ultimately to envisage a new world .
This enables us to identify the more important changes in sensation that are caused by external events and to distinguish them from sensations caused by our own actions .
And that is true here as well : performing the role of reserve currency enables the US to borrow on the cheap , but at the cost of any significant influence over the exchange rate , which is determined by the rest of the world 's demand for dollar assets .
For it is open competition within the Single Market that enables Europeans to compete globally .
Consequently , it is helpful to have a proxy activity that enables outsiders to see that the process of discernment and valuation really occurs .
Their defenders point out that such companies often have a much longer-term vision than is true of managerial capitalism , which enables them to establish strong and enduring relationships with their customers and suppliers .
This enables the bigger banks to get bigger .
In our immediate neighborhood , Belarus 's President Alexander Lukashenko ignored warnings from Russia and went ahead with a referendum that enables him to remain president for life .
The illusion of explanatory depth may stop us at just about the right level of understanding , one that enables us to know how to get more information from others when we really need it without being overwhelmed .
The Kremlin may have monopolized decision-making , but it is largely non-intrusive and enables citizens to live their own lives and pursue their own interests -- as long as they do not encroach on the government realm .
Forgetting also enables us to forgive others .
After all , the main source of systemic instability in financial systems is excessive leverage -- and the reckless lending that it enables -- by deposit-taking institutions .
But even when people do not work together , globalization , by bringing the world to everyone 's living room -LRB- or hut -RRB- , enables them to make much wider comparisons of their living standards .
Democratization of technology enables instruments of mass destruction to become smaller , less costly , and more readily available .
Moreover , the information revolution enables individuals to perpetrate sabotage with unprecendented speed and scope .
This is a natural and welcome evolution , as it enables hundreds of millions of people to escape from poverty .
The formation of a Palestinian national unity government enables the EU and its partners to resume cooperation with the Palestinian authorities without losing face .
In practice , though , public pressure to do something quickly enables politicians to run roughshod over the usual checks and balances on government policy making .
At the same time , it can provide the nonpartisan technical expertise that enables governments to define policies that will ensure continued economic stability .
An undervalued currency enables an economy to integrate into the world economy on the basis of strong export performance .
For developing countries , expanding manufacturing industries enables not only improved resource allocation , but also dynamic gains over time .
It enables not only higher economic competitiveness , but also greater freedom , justice , and solidarity .
No perfect substitutes for the market in the area of scientific discovery exist , but a good surrogate , which enables scientists to compete effectively , is the system of peer review , i.e. , the anonymous evaluation of research by scientific colleagues .
By means of extensive reforms to the structure , operation , and decision-making processes of EU institutions , the treaty enhances their effectiveness and enables greater dynamism .
Instead , `` performance capture technology , '' originally invented for the movie Avatar , enables a human actor , Andy Serkis , to play the role of the chimpanzee Caesar , not by dressing in a chimp suit , but by having every gesture and facial movement , even the twitch of an eyebrow , transformed into the movement of an ape .
This enables us to work out how much Keynes thought was `` enough . '' GDP per head in the United Kingdom in the late 1920 's -LRB- before the 1929 crash -RRB- was roughly £ 5,200 -LRB- $ 8,700 -RRB- in today 's value .
Lousy language ... conceals the effects of real power and capacity , real wealth and influences . '' It enables deep inequality to happen more easily .
Globalization and modern technology now enables social movements to transcend borders as rapidly as ideas can .
Ultimately , security of property rights -- and the growth it enables -- depends primarily on the legitimacy with which those rights are viewed by society .
Global leadership today seems to be held hostage by financial interests and associated media , ideologists , and oligarchs whose political influence enables them to secure more rents and pay lower taxes in what must truly be the most vicious of circles .
In particular , the new constitution strengthens the powers of the prime minister and enables him to call early elections in the event of a government crisis .
Maintaining anonymous charges enables the military authorities to avoid keeping comprehensive records , which in turn allows officials to evade responsibility for transparent reporting of assaults and of prosecutions -- and thus not to prosecute sex crime in any serious , systematic way .
