It was innovation , and high productivity , not a weak currency , that enabled German and Japanese goods to conquer the world .
High prices also enabled the Coalition Provisional Authority to add even more private security personnel to protect refineries and pipelines .
A few tough messages from President Richard Nixon stopped the Israelis in their tracks and enabled the Americans to start a lengthy process of de-escalation that led to a number of interim agreements .
Notwithstanding these failures , Turkey 's strategic stature did not suffer , partly because the diminution of US engagement under President Barack Obama enabled Turkey to fill the ensuing regional power vacuum .
Similarly , while India 's information technology-enabled services have gained an international reputation , the total number of people employed in this sector is less than 0.5 % of India 's workforce . As such , it can not , by itself , transform the Indian economy .
He was almost certainly referring to life during the Maoist years rather than the present , but his remarks enabled China to issue more media attacks and raise the political temperature further .
But the firms ' pay arrangements did not contain any `` claw-back '' provisions that would have enabled the firms to recoup the bonuses that had already been paid .
Zionism 's unique combination of democracy and utopianism enabled the Jews to recover their birthright and gave them a key to the future .
In short , while Latin America 's economies were helped by high commodity prices , it is indisputable that the significant economic reforms adopted in most countries enabled them to have a `` good crisis . ''
Royal 's chief virtue is that she has not taken part in the numerous internal battles that infuriate socialist militants and voters , and her lack of direct association with the party 's leadership has enabled her to avoid blame for its mistakes .
But letting questionable banks gradually recapitalize themselves and resolving the bad debt later -- perhaps with European Brady Bonds -LRB- zero-coupon bonds which in the 1990 's enabled US banks and Latin American countries to agree to partial write-downs -RRB- -- wo n't work if the losses are too large or the recovery is too fragile .
The fundamental problem for Greece is its bloated fiscal commitments , enabled by lower borrowing costs when it joined the euro .
And the higher-tax economies did not even have smaller budget deficits than the lower-tax US ; rather , higher taxes merely enabled higher spending .
State-building efforts have reformed previously defunct Palestinian institutions , and have enabled significant economic growth .
Such designs could be enabled by using circulation control for high lift and employed at cruising altitude for ride quality . The resulting STOL -LRB- short takeoff and landing -RRB- performance could also improve airport productivity .
Given that these policies enabled these countries to respond well to shocks coming from the crisis epicenter , there are strong incentives to keep them in place .
Our problem arose when we enabled the virus to move from its normal home into us , by `` farming '' civet cats and other animals .
Stable economic policy and rapid growth , in turn , enabled Blair 's government to pour extra money into education and the National Health Service .
Britain 's economy grew more steadily and rapidly than it had done for several generations , and the tax revenue generated by growth enabled the government to pour money into education and the National Health Service .
All of these sources contributed to the flow of money into the US , which was thus enabled to invest much more than it had managed to save .
Finally , in 1970 a splendid computer innovation enabled the proper alignment of amino acid sequences -LRB- which is vital to all subsequent data management -RRB- .
By rejecting a unilateral stance , Mexico enabled a multilateral outcome .
And it looked the other way when French and German banks recklessly enabled the Greek government 's profligacy .
Redistributing some of the profits from high energy prices enabled the regime to improve living standards and make itself popular with ordinary Russians .
The war on drugs has enabled drug cartels to reap higher profits than ever and transform entire communities in Latin America into fiefdoms .
Corporate status enabled universities to raise their own institutionally earmarked funds , which were bestowed on individuals who were `` incorporated '' on a non-hereditary basis , through examination or election .
This enabled Lomborg to appeal the verdict , successfully , claiming that the Committee had victimized him for political reasons , given his recent appointment as director of a major national institute for environmental research .
By submitting to a common regime of speaking , writing , reading , observing , and calculating , the `` upright ape '' acquired the capacity to reason in public . This enabled first him and then her to command authority regardless of birth , resulting in the forging of networks and even institutions whose benefits cut deeply across bloodlines .
In the case of the university , this means allowing access to knowledge to students who lack the intellectual , political , or financial resources that might have enabled them to produce it for themselves .
But it is all too easy to forget that the development of this market was initially welcomed , because it enabled even people who would not normally qualify for a mortgage loan to aspire to homeownership .
Indeed , the Glorious Revolution enabled a revolution in finance .
They are right that Fannie and Freddie were `` too big to fail , '' which enabled them to borrow more cheaply and take on more risk -- with too little equity funding to back up their exposure .
That alliance enabled Japan to help defeat Russia in the Russo-Japanese War -LRB- 1904-1905 -RRB- .
Also surprising is the increase in Argentina 's domestic savings rate , which has enabled self-financing of investment -- which has doubled -- and , paradoxically , capital outflows .
This differentiates Turkey from most other Muslim countries in the Middle East , and has enabled it to avoid the sharp dichotomies , ruptures , and violence that have characterized political modernization elsewhere in the region .
For example , reporting by the South Metropolitan Daily led to the abolition of an outdated housing ordinance issued by the State Council . Cai Jing magazine 's continuous reporting on SARS enabled the Chinese public to learn the truth about this epidemic .
These delaying tactics are enabled by a lack of pressure from below .
The financial-market rules established after 1933 by President Franklin Roosevelt 's New Deal enabled the dollar to replace the British pound at the center of the international system .
In the 2000 's , China became the prime source of debt financing , and Americans were happy , because it enabled the US Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low .
Back then , imported goods consisted mainly of beads , alcohol , and , most importantly , weapons , which enabled these rulers to exercise extreme violence over their people .
Given its growing profile , China must do far more to demonstrate its bona fides as a responsible global leader or risk undermining the system that has enabled its own miraculous rise .
After the Meiji Restoration of 1867-1868 , a rising Japan built the military strength that enabled it to defeat Russia in 1905 .
His was one of the most brilliant insights in the history of science : a mechanism that enabled the principle of evolution to unify and inform all of biology .
This has enabled traders collectively to hit upon a strategy of buying oil and quickly re-selling it when end users accommodate higher prices -- a situation that has been aggravated by the Bush administration , which has persistently added oil supplies to the US strategic reserve , further inflating demand and providing additional storage capacity .
A little more sharp-eyed honesty about Britain 's real weight in the post-war world might have enabled us British to play a more central role in Europe 's affairs , molding the emerging European Union more closely to our own national interests .
We need the sort of courage that was the hallmark of Margaret Thatcher . We need Bill Clinton 's extraordinary ability to spin a political narrative that enabled voters to identify their own interests with his goals .
The remarkable 64-year reign of 83-year-old King Bhumibol Adulyadej deserves credited for Thailand 's unity and stability , which kept communism at bay and enabled steady economic development , warts and all .
The pillars of the Thai state -- nation , religion , and the king -- struck a unifying , collective chord , and the resulting stability enabled economic development .
This policy has enabled the group to remain united over the years , despite severe disagreements .
In simple human terms , millions of people are alive today because these norms enabled the work of the International Committee of the Red Cross -LRB- ICRC -RRB- .
Although economic globalization has enabled unprecedented levels of prosperity in advanced countries and has been a boon to hundreds of millions of poor workers in China and elsewhere in Asia , it rests on shaky pillars .
In many of these cases -- Turkey during the 1990 's is a good example -- financial markets enabled irresponsible governments to embark on unsustainable borrowing sprees .
Financial globalization was supposed to have enabled poor , undercapitalized countries to gain access to the savings of rich countries .
Finally , our past technological triumphs did not actually conserve natural resources , but instead enabled humanity to mine and use these resources at a lower overall cost , thereby hastening their depletion .
Communications and mass media have long enabled `` copycat '' effects -- protests in one place ignite similar actions elsewhere .
Jordanian agents were instrumental in providing the intelligence that enabled US forces to kill Abu Zarqawi , the mastermind of the Amman bombing .
The Chinese acknowledge that they enabled Americans to borrow and spend beyond their means by parking China 's massive foreign reserves in US government securities .
The grand expansion of the Soviet empire enabled humankind 's exploration of the cosmos and its potential expansion beyond Earth .
The constant media focus enabled people to feel that they knew her , and so they followed and cared intensely about her ups and downs , as if she were a member of their own family .
Fowler did so , but in a manner that enabled the goalkeeper to save it .
This enabled US banks to profit by offering low rates of return to foreign lenders while forcing foreign borrowers to accept high interest rates .
The unwillingness of the Chinese to consume enabled Americans to build new houses for many years on borrowed money and to maintain a level of consumption that the US economy was unable to finance on its own .
Given this history , it is a bit shabby to reproach China now for its exchange-rate policy -- a policy that enabled the US to live beyond its means for so long .
The ECB bailout program has enabled the people of the peripheral countries to continue to live beyond their means , and well-heeled asset holders to take their wealth elsewhere .
This East Asian `` savings glut '' enabled a debt-fuelled consumption glut in the US , Britain , and much of the Western world .
In response to deflationary pressure , Fisher 's plan would have enabled banks to draw down their reserves and thus , supposedly , increase their lending -LRB- or create deposits -RRB- .
New bond issues , following a big debt write-down in 1924 -LRB- the Dawes Plan -RRB- , enabled Germany to borrow the money to resume payments .
The accumulation of large surpluses , especially in emerging Asian economies and oil-exporting countries , enabled the US to finance its current-account deficit .
Initially , a foreign policy based on Nelson Mandela 's shining global reputation enabled the country to project itself as an exemplary international citizen .
Sustained high growth is enabled by and requires engagement with the global economy that goes beyond simply being able to produce for a potentially massive export market .
His grandfather , Wilhelm I , had presided over Prussia 's military victories , which enabled Bismarck to create the unified Reich in 1871 .
Instead , it has enabled America 's failures to spread around the world , like a contagious disease .
Recent methodological advances have enabled us to assess better what contributes to citizens ' sense of well-being , and to gather the data needed to make such assessments on a regular basis .
This enabled a consumption binge , which meant that debt was created without a corresponding asset , and encouraged excessive investment in real estate , resulting in excess capacity that will take years to eliminate .
The colonial powers ' divide-and-rule tactics enabled small populations in Europe to rule large numbers outside of Europe , pillaging natural resources while investing little in the physical , human capital , and social capital necessary for an economically successful , democratic self-governing society .
But developments in recent years have enabled Turkey to become a more active player in the region , and to score several diplomatic successes .
Indeed , it is precisely the Eurocrats ' detachment from everyday politics that has enabled the EU to deliver .
This process enabled western European companies and banks to expand into new markets with higher growth rates and , thereby satisfying pent-up demand and tapping unrealized potential .
Putin plans to stay in the Kremlin for two more presidential terms , another 12 years , as he is enabled to do by the recently-amended constitution .
Print , paper , and newspapers enabled the rise of new types of political systems based on expanded popular participation .
Such remittances enabled thousands of Jamaicans , for example , to recover from the devastation of Hurricane Gilbert in 1988 , when storm damage was estimated at more than one-quarter of the country 's annual GDP and nearly three households in four reported damage .
What is astonishing about this `` model '' is that it has enabled China to maintain rapid growth within a relatively stable political environment for 30 years .
However , within these boundaries , internet-enabled activism , such as online petitions , have not only expanded the boundaries of traditional media reporting , but presaged some interesting new political consequences as well .
As the pervasiveness and flexibility of the new medium weakens traditional media censorship , internet-enabled social activism plays an increasingly influential role in China 's legal reform and the development of its nascent civil society .
Indeed , China 's growth rate has been boosted over the last two decades by the country 's demographic and land-resource `` bonuses , '' which enabled it to maximize the benefits of globalization .
