The Treaty introduces major improvements here , enabling us to work together more effectively to achieve our aims .
But he gained clout with the onset of the current crisis , and concern over intractable unemployment numbers is enabling politicians to justify all sorts of superficially attractive remedies .
The International Monetary Fund , for its part , has created a new liquidity facility , enabling countries that pre-qualify to apply and get funds with little or no conditionality .
This would provide us with lots of genetic variation , enabling us to analyze the genes fully .
China 's military power was built by Mao Zedong , enabling Deng to focus single-mindedly on rapidly building the country 's economic power .
Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian 's recent call for a law enabling popular referendums quickly turned into an international crisis .
It is something that must be defended ; so-called `` enabling laws '' that suspend the rule of law are the first weapon of dictators .
With lower inflation , this raised workers ' real disposable income , enabling trade union leaders to demonstrate to their members that wage moderation worked and was in their interest .
The broad pattern is clear : the more that governments have worried about enabling future moral hazard by excessive bailouts and sought to stem the rise in public debt , the worse their countries ' economies have performed .
In other words , taxpayers win , because the benefits from the healthier economy would more than compensate for the costs of servicing the higher national debt , enabling the government to provide more services without raising tax rates .
This , in turn , would lead them all -LRB- with the rare exception of a maverick critic like William Greider -RRB- to understand and approve , and to agree that talking in `` Greenspanese '' is essential for enabling central banks to ensure price stability .
UNITAID 's patent pool for AIDS medicines , for example , allows generics producers to make cheaper versions of patented medicines by enabling patent holders to license their technology in exchange for royalties .
-LRB- Yes , there were a few laws about liability , but they played only an enabling role . -RRB-
This sharp balance-sheet improvement has been instrumental in enabling emerging countries to bounce back strongly from the 2008-2009 global financial crisis , whereas the West continues to hobble along .
I only hope that policymakers ' vigilance will prevail -LRB- and be improved upon -RRB- , enabling China 's high-growth story to continue for another 10 , 20 , or 30 years .
The war in Algeria played the key role in enabling de Gaulle to return to power in May 1958 , at the age of 67 .
This would , finally , give the Middle East -- a region poor in growth and rich in conflicts -- a distinct identity , making it a player in global economic terms as well , and thus enabling it to become the architect of its own future .
The country would then have clear , internationally recognized borders , enabling it to end permanently the conflict with its Arab neighbors .
Unfortunately , however , this process has not gone far enough , enabling many banks , governments , and international institutions to return to `` business as usual . ''
Huxley identified humanity 's achievements with legal conventions and medical technologies , artifices that extend human dominion by enabling people to be and do more than they could individually .
Indeed , productivity growth in India 's service sector matches productivity growth in China 's manufacturing sector , thereby reducing poverty by enabling wages to rise .
Piñera 's great challenge will be to use his 46.6 % of the vote in January to strengthen his leadership and his effort to build a new right-wing coalition with unimpeachable democratic credentials , thereby enabling it one day to defeat the ruling `` Concertación '' coalition that Bachelet leads .
The belief that sovereign national currencies , by enabling independent and flexible monetary policies , are the best way to foster economic and social development -- the vision of Nigeria 's post-colonial leaders -- is gradually falling by the wayside .
Second , globalization has weakened the role of all states by enabling other entities to amass substantial power .
In any case , hydrogen fuel cell cars typically incorporate batteries in hybrid configurations , enabling them to cover the 300-mile range demanded by consumers .
These dealt with technical means for enabling centrifuge rotors to spin close to the speed of sound without disintegrating , - essential for making bomb-grade uranium .
The best alternative to both is a voluntary movement toward democratic openness and political pluralism , enabling citizens across the Arab world to participate in making the future of their countries .
At the moment , there has not been widespread revulsion against all government debt , and some countries today clearly have better access than others to capital markets , enabling them to finance their deficits externally .
Rather than heralding a new era of freedom , the Internet is enabling Chinese authorities to perfect totalitarian control in a way that puts the rulers in George Orwell 's 1984 to shame .
The people who ran big business were often unscrupulous , and in some cases used their dominant market position to drive out their competitors -- enabling the surviving firms subsequently to restrict supply and raise prices .
By reducing trade barriers , per capita income will grow , enabling poor countries to address other problems by themselves .
The division of the country into municipalities transferred tax resources and decision-making capabilities to communities , thereby enabling agricultural unions to control several towns and assume management responsibilities .
The last ¤ 500 million could fund an eight-fold increase in research and development aimed at improving CO2-efficient energy technologies , enabling everyone in the long run to reduce emissions much more dramatically , and at much lower cost .
For these groups , the restoration of democracy was a step toward social transformation , enabling them to participate more equally in the life of the country .
By then , the government will have enacted more of its legislative program , potentially enabling the DPJ to gain seats .
In Rwanda , France has yet to live down its perceived role in enabling the 1994 genocide .
Any compensation retrieved from such legal proceedings should be used to establish an African monetary fund whose objective would be to put Africa on a fast track to comprehensive regional integration , enabling the continent to capitalize on globalization 's positive features .
What many are seeking is some form of special status within Thailand , enabling them to pursue their own cultural and religious traditions without interference from Bangkok .
It restrains excessive credit expansion during booms , while reducing the risk of bank failure or a much diminished capital base in recessions , thereby enabling bank lending to kick-start a sustainable recovery .
Governments must establish an enabling environment for the private sector to create jobs , and officials can not consider the public purse to be a private bank account .
But the techniques they were relatively crude and recently have been supplemented -- and in many cases replaced -- by `` the new biotechnology , '' a set of enabling techniques that enable genetic modification at the molecular level .
In these difficult economic times , Switzerland serves as a handy scapegoat , enabling financially-challenged states to discharge their frustrations and divert their citizens ' attention from shortcomings in their own complicated and inefficient tax systems .
But the best way to prevent this is to create an environment in which opposing views can clash freely , enabling truth ultimately to triumph .
Individual teams are to enter a pan-European competition to determine the best of the best , opening a free space for scientific curiosity and enabling the unforeseeable outcomes that are characteristic of cutting-edge research .
It is also crucial that they continue to improve their systems to create an enabling environment for dynamic rural growth to transform subsistence farmers into entrepreneurs .
Public diplomacy also involves building long-term relationships that create an enabling environment for government policies .
This would bolster the credibility of monetary policy , enabling the candidates to lower their inflation and exchange-rate risk premiums .
By enabling meetings in more flexible formats , we will make our partnership mechanisms even more responsive to the interests and concerns of each individual partner country . Enhancing NATO-Russia Relations : Once upon a time , most people in the West looked at Russia as part of the security problem .
Is it mainly a force for good , enabling poor nations to lift themselves up from poverty by taking part in global markets ? Or does it create vast opportunities only for a small minority ?
The first three decades after 1945 were governed by the Bretton Woods consensus -- a shallow multilateralism that permitted policymakers to focus on domestic social and employment needs while enabling global trade to recover and flourish .
That is how untested economic theories about efficient markets and self-regulation could substitute for common sense , enabling financial interests to gain hegemony , while leaving everyone else , including governments , to pick up the pieces .
Much recent regulatory activity has focused on enabling , enhancing , and requiring clearinghouses for these kinds of financing arrangements .
The US labor market is more flexible than Europe 's , enabling it to react more nimbly to the ever shifting sands of globalization .
Only a regional and global agreement to place Afghanistan 's stability above other objectives can make long-term stability possible by enabling Afghanistan to survive with security forces that it can afford . Such agreement , however , will require political and diplomatic initiatives both inside and outside of the country .
There are enough good options available to suggest that the world can accomplish the goal of controlling climate change at a reasonable cost -LRB- perhaps 1 % of global income per year -RRB- while enabling the world economy to continue to grow and raise living standards .
Its story shows that , given strong national leadership , an internationally coordinated combination of military , humanitarian , technical , and financial assistance can help to turn around failed states , enabling them to rejoin the international financial and political communities and benefit fully from linkages to the global economy .
During the past couple of years , NATO 's funding policy has been updated to allow common funding to be used as an incentive for the provision of certain theater-level enabling capabilities , like medical facilities , airports handling troops and supplies , or intelligence .
Of course , integrated financial markets also benefit banks ' clients by enabling institutions to provide broader and higher-quality financial services at lower prices .
Terrorist groups can be minimized if their enabling states are contained .
If we can help them get on a low carbon path , we will have taken a giant step forward in preserving and protecting our planet while enabling them to reduce poverty and offer their citizens a better future .
Since then , some three million people have been conceived by IVF , enabling otherwise infertile couples to have the child they longed for .
Many European countries , as well as Australia , Canada , Israel , and New Zealand , have adopted legislation that creates a `` public lending right '' -- that is , the government recognizes that enabling hundreds of people to read a single copy of a book provides a public good , but that doing so is likely to reduce sales of the book .
If workfare replaces welfare , wages will become more flexible enabling EU labor markets to absorb immigrants more efficiently .
Collateralized debt obligations -LRB- CDOs , mainly tied to mortgages -RRB- made a new population of aspiring homeowners supposedly creditworthy by enabling the originating banks to sell `` sub-prime '' debt to other investors .
From such a perspective , imperialism , old and new , has been a beneficent influence , because it has been the means of spreading these `` apps '' to the rest of the world , thereby enabling them to enjoy the fruits of progress hitherto confined to a few Western countries .
They must turn to the IMF , and the IMF is more concerned with international financial stability than with enabling developing countries to pursue the countercyclical policies needed to avoid recession .
The former would be a more efficient use of funds than the latter . Properly capitalizing the banking system would leave countries with smaller deficits , enabling them to regain access to capital markets sooner .
The good news -- and the bad -- is that the pace of technological change in these sectors is sufficiently fast that much of the equipment may become obsolete well before it is worn out , or even used , enabling new investment to start faster than it otherwise would .
In the Congo , the profits of mining companies helped maintain the late President Mobuto of Zaire , now the Congo , in power for decades -- enabling him to pillage his country , allegedly facilitated by the secret bank accounts that are the specialty of countries like Switzerland , the Cayman Islands , and Cyprus .
· Textiles . The Uruguay round promised the elimination of quotas in 2004 , enabling many developing countries to exploit another area of comparative advantage .
This would mean that the EBRD could invest up to ¤ 10 billion annually over the next five years , enabling us to continue to fulfill our role , providing vital backing and financial support to Eastern Europe and the private sector .
Rather , they intended that Israel would help solve the Jewish problem everywhere in the world by enabling every Jew who wished to leave the diaspora to do so .
