We should look for common political approaches , many of which we have already agreed , and could easily endorse again .
Key military figures ' tacit backing for the Turkish Parliament 's refusal to endorse the March 2003 US-led invasion of Iraq suggests that Turkish nationalism could unite the AKP 's rank-and-file MPs with their otherwise implacable foes in the secular camp .
Here , the launch of the European Economic Recovery Plan -- the initiative for an EU-wide fiscal stimulus equivalent to 1.5 % of GDP , endorsed by the European Heads of Government in December -- constitutes a major step forward .
Moreover , adding defense to the informal acquis that would-be EU members must endorse will reduce pressure on NATO to enlarge .
Many who want Olmert to go would still not welcome a Netanyahu comeback , which may also explain what appears to be an indirect endorsement of Olmert by the United States .
On March 28 , Tibetans in Lhasa had to celebrate `` Serf Emancipation Day '' to endorse China 's explanation for its take-over 50 years ago .
Tony Blair 's endorsement of Bush 's Middle East designs showed that an imbalance of power in an alliance always causes the weaker partner to become subservient .
The Palestinians are attempting to hold the stick at both ends , claiming before the world their endorsement of the two-state solution while calling for the right of return at the same time .
Israel after Goldstone TOLEDO -- Israel 's predicament with the Judge Richard Goldstone 's report accusing it of war crimes in Gaza , and the report 's subsequent endorsement by the United Nations Human Rights Council , brings to mind the reaction of United States Vice-President Spiro Agnew to his indictment on corruption charges in 1973 : `` The bastards , they changed the rules , but they never told me . ''
When asked in November 1970 to spell out his views of a possible peace deal with the Palestinians , Dayan 's answer was one that could easily be endorsed by most of the ministers in Binyamin Netanyahu 's government . Dayan said : `` The only peace negotiations are those where we settle the land and we build , and we settle , and from time to time we go to war . ''
Obama 's endorsement of Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu 's claim that if Israel is recognized as a Jewish state and its security needs accepted , `` I will surprise , and the sky is the limit , '' has made the current process possible .
But , to avoid a cataclysm , the US and its allies must defuse the bomb by enforcing the provisions of the 2005 CPA , which they all endorsed .
It has not endorsed the wide array of liberal demands voiced by the revolutionaries of Tahrir Square .
However , Saudi Arabia 's willingness to participate in the conference might come with a price too high for Israel to pay : an endorsement of the Saudi peace initiative .
For these `` moderate '' American allies , peace is about Israeli concessions , not about pulling Israel 's chestnuts out of the fire , certainly as long as it refuses to endorse the Arab peace plan .
Whereas NATO is a political-military alliance , the EU endorses the development of a community of national destinies .
The EU 's proposed `` college of supervisors , '' even with the addition of a European `` systemic risk board , '' is only a partial solution , because it endorses the leadership of the home-country regulator and fails to address the potential conflict of interests between home-country and host-country regulators .
But instead of offering ready solutions for the rest to endorse , leadership will have to consist of working with the other members , patiently and discretely , so that all or at last most feel they are involved in formulating common positions .
Unfortunately , major US media , including The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal , have endorsed this deplorable assault on whatever non-discrimination remains in the world trading system .
An added benefit of internationalization would perhaps be to make clear to the current American Administration that withholding endorsement of the International Criminal Court is fundamentally against its own interests .
But a sober assessment of what might follow a UN endorsement of Palestine 's borders allows for some cautious optimism .
Even though the arch-realist Henry Kissinger endorsed the war in Iraq , his brand of realpolitik was the primary target of neo-con intellectuals .
As part of the Quartet , including Russia , the UN , and the European Union , he has endorsed a `` Road Map '' for peace .
He has unequivocally endorsed the Quartet 's Road Map .
Still , winning is better than losing , and Mexico is better off today than it was yesterday , when many thought the left-of-center populist contender , Andrés Manuel López Obrador , would receive a thumping endorsement from the electorate .
Vargas Llosa initially declared that the choice was between AIDS and cancer , but later secured commitments from Humala on economic policy , democratic rule , and a one-term administration . With those conditions met , the novelist endorsed the former military officer with a penchant for coups and quirky ideas .
Valéry Giscard d'Estaing , the President of the Convention , has formally endorsed the Franco-German proposal .
To understand why , consider that their proposal for a permanent Council President was paired with a proposal that the Commission President -- currently nominated by the Council of Ministers -- should in future be elected by the European Parliament , and subsequently be endorsed by a majority vote of the Council of Ministers .
The indictment contains four counts : that Greenspan wrongly cheered the growth of non-standard adjustable-rate mortgages , which fueled the housing bubble ; that he wrongly endorsed Bush 's tax cuts ; that he should have reined in the stock market bubble of the 1990 's ; and that he should have done the same with the real estate bubble of the 2000 's .
In September , when UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon convenes a summit in New York to renew the drive toward reaching the MDGs , the world leaders in attendance should endorse their use to address MDG priorities in areas other than health .
In the United States , the Federal Trade Commission has announced plans to require bloggers and celebrity endorsers to disclose gifts or payments from vendors and others seeking the bloggers ' positive comments online .
While the IMF , in a high-profile report on exchange rates in mid-1970 , endorsed the principle of greater flexibility , it offered no new ideas for getting countries to move in this direction and proposed no new sanctions against countries that resisted .
It is ten years since an international commission that I co-chaired gave birth to the concept of the Responsibility to Protect -LRB- `` RtoP '' -RRB- , and six years since more than 150 heads of state and government endorsed it unanimously at the UN 's World Summit in 2005 .
This is the `` responsibility to protect '' principle , as embraced unanimously by the World Summit of heads of state and government sitting as the UN General Assembly in 2005 , and endorsed subsequently by the Security Council .
Nor is it permissible under the moral first principles of the `` responsibility to protect '' doctrine unanimously endorsed by the UN General Assembly in 2005 in an effort to end mass atrocities once and for all .
Libya passes , as would most other recent cases : had oil -- or regime change -- been the primary motivation , the Arab League and the Security Council would never have endorsed military intervention .
The Swiss public was so convinced of the benefits of heroin-assisted therapy that , in two nationwide votes , voters endorsed the policy , despite domestic political opposition and criticism from the International Narcotics Control Board .
So what more did the German government need to endorse the intervention ?
What use is vocal multilateralism , what use are German leaders ' lofty speeches about international law being exercised by the Security Council , if Germany refuses to endorse a resolution for the protection of Libya 's citizens from a brutal regime employing all means at its disposal in its fight for survival ?
And please spare me mention of the abstentions in the Security Council by Russia and China , which constituted a waiver of their veto and thus a de facto endorsement , clearing the way for intervention .
But before we endorse the idea of an irreducible clash of civilizations , we should consider why modern secular liberalism arose in the West in the first place .
Indeed , many academics -- not just professional knowledge managers -- have endorsed recent steps to disaggregate the `` unity of teaching and research '' that has defined the university since the early 19
According to the latest science , the current proposals under negotiation will result in warming of more than 4 ° C during this century -- double the 2 ° C maximum endorsed by the G-8 and other leaders .
President Barack Obama has endorsed this treaty as a vital instrument to discourage proliferation and avert nuclear war .
Only after the vote did the Chief of Staff publicly endorse the original proposal to bring in American troops .
Expressions of anti-Americanism will provide no protection or immunity to governments or individuals who for good reason are not prepared to endorse the terrorists ' radical agendas .
The victor will almost surely endorse a new diplomatic initiative aimed at ending Iran 's independent ability to enrich uranium .
The three new agencies will not only enforce common technical standards , which may eventually become binding throughout the EU if endorsed by the European Commission , but will also be allowed to settle disputes between national supervisors .
Ukraine belongs to a united European political entity ; the values that Ukraine endorses and that are embedded in its history are European to the core .
The elements of an eventual settlement have been known for years : the creation of a viable Palestinian state -- a goal endorsed by the last two US presidents -- together with secure borders for Israel , some arrangement on Jerusalem , and an economic package .
They may also suggest a slight tendency , on the part of those uttering them , to believe in some kind of supernatural endorsement .
Indeed , this summer it injected itself into the US elections by seeming to endorse Obama 's plan for early withdrawal .
The Gulf States , especially Saudi Arabia , have so far resisted US pressure to endorse Maliki .
An alliance was formed between financial experts who thought they were selling truly innovative ideas , a political elite that endorsed the philosophy of `` regulation lite , '' and a cultural climate that pushed experimentation and the rejection of traditional values .
The campaign is enthusiastically endorsed by a leading US economist and trade specialist , the Nobel laureate Paul Krugman .
In the course of a few years , it had become the proud self-definition of Italian fascism , endorsed by Mussolini 's education minister , Giovanni Gentile , who became the official philosopher of fascism , and then incorporated in a ghost-written article by Mussolini himself in the Encyclopedia of Fascism .
It did not matter that the catch-up countries ' economic `` miracles '' were produced in part by illiberal policies guided by government bureaucracies . The outcome was an endorsement of the lessons of economic liberalism .
So , although both sides endorse the idea of a `` mutually beneficial strategic relationship , '' and despite progress bilateral on military exchanges , mutual trust and confidence-building have a long way to go .
Daniel Pipes , an American polemicist , has gone so far as almost to endorse the military coups of 1960 , 1971 , 1980 , and 1997 , arguing that `` on four occasions between 1960 and 1997 , the military intervened to repair a political process gone awry . ''
The six Arab countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council have called for a UN-imposed no-fly zone . The Arab League has endorsed a similar proposal .
But he knows something that they do n't seem to recognize : Russia 's people endorse his policies and do not want them overturned .
These targets , endorsed by all UN member countries , comprise the eight Millennium Development Goals .
Ideally , such a commission should be independent , but endorsed by the French , German and British governments and EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana , as well as , however tacitly , Senators McCain and Obama .
Now , after the failure to endorse the draft EU constitution , Schroeder bitterly complains that `` some nations are representing their national interests and have left the European idea behind . ''
The UN resolution pushed by Ashton neither refers to nor endorses Kosovo 's independence .
Many Palestinian citizens of Israel , disgusted by the large-scale casualties inflicted on their brethren -- and believing that to vote would mean to endorse the political system responsible for the carnage -- stayed home once again .
This was endorsed in the report Our Common Future by the World Commission on Environment and Development , whose chair , Norway 's then Prime Minister , Gro Harlem Bruntland , now heads the World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- .
For example , instead of dismissing Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah 's boasts of victory , many commentators around the world repeat and endorse his claim that Hezbollah fought much more bravely than the regular soldiers of Arab states in previous wars .
The independent electoral commission endorsed by the international community declared Ouattara the winner .
Von Braun endorsed an automated telescope in space , but thought that astronauts would need to visit the instrument to change the film .
Given its size and importance , and regardless of its intentions , China will , perhaps inadvertently , destroy the international system if it does not either actively endorse and work to maintain it , or reframe it for the greater common good .
In 2006 , after roughly 50 million preventable deaths , the United Nations ' World Health Organization reversed course and endorsed the use of DDT to kill and repel Anopheles mosquitoes .
Indeed , in many cases , the CEO -- frequently a Wall Street-endorsed `` superstar '' parachuted in to `` shake things up '' -- now is the company , despite having little knowledge of its products , customers , and competitors .
Strong majorities also endorsed the idea of a democratic system for Iraq .
These concerns were reflected in the fact that the Society of Combatant Clergy , a conservative body , was unable to endorse Ahmadinejad 's candidacy .
Defiance of the Supreme Leader by millions of Iranians just a day after he firmly endorsed Ahmadinejad threw the country into a political crisis .
The great philosophers of the Enlightenment would not hesitate to endorse the moral consciousness expressed in the postings that flooded cyberspace during the Tunisian revolution .
It is , of course , dismaying that 60 years after the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , so many governments disregard the principles that they endorsed so long ago .
As a long-time advocate of bringing Saddam and his cohorts to justice for their crimes against the Kurds , the Marsh Arabs and many others , I endorse the Bush Administration 's view that proceedings should not be limited to offenses committed in the current war .
In the future , Cameron declared , Muslim groups that do not , for example , endorse women 's rights , defend freedom of expression , or promote integration would lose all government funding .
It is not just official multiculturalism that has failed in Europe , however ; so has the multiculturalism endorsed by large parts of European civil society .
Most of what WHO is recommending has been endorsed by public health officials for many years .
To meet this challenge , the three of us -- building on the action plan adopted by consensus at the 2010 Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- Review Conference -- have endorsed a series of urgent , practical steps towards the long-term goal of a world free of nuclear weapons .
This question is particularly difficult for the Bush administration , which is torn between the president 's early endorsement of Putin and his pro-democracy agenda .
Japan officially endorses the objective of a non-nuclear world , but it relies on America 's extended nuclear deterrent , and wants to avoid being subject to nuclear blackmail from North Korea -LRB- or China -RRB- .
So , the G-20 's endorsement of the Fund 's guidelines would not be wise for a world economy trying to recover from one financial crisis while preventing the next one .
The third possibility -- military action endorsed by a small group of states -- should be avoided , for practical , legal , and moral reasons .
The latest view , endorsed by the European Commission , blames a shortage of infrastructure and proposes more bridges and tunnels .
The IMF endorsed legal standards and codes of best practice developed by other institutions , but also promotes the development of new standards , including accounting and auditing standards , securities market regulations , bankruptcy law , codes for corporate governance , insurance and banking regulations .
The US government , however , endorsed the justice 's illegal removal , seeing the court 's insistence on constitutional accountability for Musharraf as complicating its regional objectives .
But , even were a revived Franco-American effort to succeed in getting the UN organ to endorse targeted penalties to hamstring the financial underpinnings of the Revolutionary Guards and other Iranian elites , the proposed measures appear to be too modest . They arguably add little to three prior sanction resolutions that ban the export of nuclear and ballistic-missile technology and conventional arms , and that freeze the assets and travel of a handful of Iranian officials .
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , underlining the importance of infrastructure investment , made the following proposal , which several leaders endorsed : `` Recycling surplus savings into investment in developing countries will not only address the immediate demand imbalance , it will also help to address developmental imbalances .
Referring to capital controls , John Maynard Keynes famously said : `` what used to be heresy -LRB- restrictions on capital flows -RRB- is now endorsed as orthodoxy . ''
The venerable New York Times editorial page was apparently opposed to an energy tax until only recently , when the newspaper finally endorsed the idea .
At first glance , it seems incredibly generous and statesman-like for G-8 leaders to endorse debt relief for the world 's poorest nations .
It endorses policies that capture accurately the relationship between `` out of area operations '' and members ' commitment to their mutual self-defense under Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty .
In each case , they must decide whether to confront or endorse the sacred cows of nationalist and Islamist ideology .
In fact , Pope John Paul II , a man not usually described as soft in his religious commitments , has openly endorsed evolution , even Darwinism .
Under the UN Charter , all five must endorse the election of every Secretary-General .
That `` endorsement '' by itself was almost enough to give Morales the presidency .
In the United States , the American Medical Association has endorsed a draft bill that would make it easier for states to offer various non-cash incentives for donation .
At the same time , it should expect the opposition to endorse the establishment of an international tribunal to adjudicate the matter of the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri , albeit after clarifying and narrowing the current excessively broad United Nations rules governing the investigation .
In addition , we endorsed on several measures to strengthen the link between political agreement to commence operations and the provision of the necessary forces , including through usability targets and changes to NATO 's planning processes .
But it would be a pity if China 's leaders did not endorse this acknowledgement of Japanese guilt as a manifestation of Japan 's willingness to repent .
Will he tolerate and endorse his prime minister 's personal aversions , or is he willing to put an end to the infamous spectacle of a judicial process that has been manipulated and abused from beginning to end ?
The first nationwide poll in nearly a decade passed off relatively well and was endorsed by Nepali officials as well as the hundreds of international election observers .
The G-7 countries announced a coordinated plan to fix the world economy on October 10 , and that weekend the G-20 countries endorsed the plan .
For example , China has refused to endorse Russia 's recognition of the independence of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , and has encouraged the SCO 's other members to do the same .
The SADC should not endorse the regime 's claim of victory in an uncontested election .
To say that someone has learned something is to endorse what they say they have learned as true .
In my view , those values are more defensible than the values that lead to political censorship -- and who knows how many Chinese would endorse the value of open access to information , too , if they had the chance ?
These principles were endorsed by the UN General Assembly at its special World Summit in 2005 and discussed again in 2009 , with an overwhelming majority of states supporting them .
A culture that allows -- and even endorses -- such tactics is not one that is genuinely committed to encouraging respect for life .
In testimony to the Senate Banking Committee in early February , MIT 's Simon Johnson endorsed the Volcker approach , but also favored strengthening commercial banks ' capital ratios `` dramatically '' -- from about 7 % to 25 % -- and improving bankruptcy procedures through a `` living will , '' which would freeze some assets , but not others .
Such a discourse , if clearly articulated , would be understood and could be endorsed by many , if not by all .
It was endorsed by the British government , and many oil and mining companies responded positively .
The need for greater transparency in the management of resource revenues was endorsed by the G8 declaration at Evian this June .
The overwhelming majority of the 59 participants at that meeting endorsed the principles of EITI .
If American voters endorse those policies , the US shall have to live with the hostility of the world and endure a vicious cycle of escalating violence .
If re-elected , the Bush doctrine of preemptive action - and the invasion of Iraq - will be endorsed , and the world will have to live with the consequences .
President Bush regards his reelection as an endorsement of his policies , and feels reinforced in his distorted view of the world .
It is too late to agree on issuing SDRs at the upcoming G-20 meeting , but if it were proposed by President Barack Obama and endorsed in principle by the majority of participants , it would be sufficient to give heart to the markets and make the meeting a resounding success .
In 2009 , the EU endorsed the principle of `` explicit but not exclusive targeting '' for Roma , and the European Commission allowed structural funds to be used to cover housing interventions in favor of marginalized communities , with a particular focus on Roma .
China greatly resented it when the US endorsed the Japanese position .
Popular opposition to the Iraq war made it impossible for Mexico and Chile to give into American pressure at the United Nations to endorse the invasion ; the citizens of these countries were proven right .
Did the outcome - together with Republican gains in the Congress - represent an endorsement of Bush 's positions ?
But while Bush was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing his agenda , he may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security .
Even if the 59 million votes cast for Bush represented a ringing endorsement of his Iraq policy , it would not restore America 's international credibility .
If he were truly concerned about global warming , how could he have endorsed the construction of coal-fired electricity plants , even if those plants use more efficient technologies than have been employed in the past ?
In this context , the Obama administration should endorse India 's quest for a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council .
With such endorsements , however , expectations are high , and India 's government will have to think about how they can best be fulfilled .
New cricketing heroes have emerged from small towns , none more popular than India 's swashbuckling captain , M.S. Dhoni , the son of a peon in the dusty town of Ranchi , who now commands millions in endorsement fees to tout products that his family could never have aspired to own .
President Barack Obama 's press secretary answered defensively that American values do not endorse violence .
His appointment has been endorsed by del Ponte , other past prosecutors , and the top lieutenants and staff of the Prosecutor 's office , who sent a letter of support to the UN Secretary-General .
Although Obama has endorsed the goal of abolishing nuclear weapons , he has described this as a long-term effort , and offered no concrete time-line for achieving it . No date has been set when Obama will ask the Senate to reconsider the CTBT .
The first order of business is to endorse a capable and dedicated new FSB chairman .
As people at last began to hope for more liberal and decent societies , the US continued to endorse the regimes that were repressing them . America simply could not adhere to its own democracy-promotion script .
Saleh received a strong endorsement from the GCC last December for his domestic wars , and Saudi Arabia has been in direct military confrontation with the Houthis , its army having crossed Yemen 's border .
