Here , the launch of the European Economic Recovery Plan -- the initiative for an EU-wide fiscal stimulus equivalent to 1.5 % of GDP , endorsed by the European Heads of Government in December -- constitutes a major step forward .
When asked in November 1970 to spell out his views of a possible peace deal with the Palestinians , Dayan 's answer was one that could easily be endorsed by most of the ministers in Binyamin Netanyahu 's government . Dayan said : `` The only peace negotiations are those where we settle the land and we build , and we settle , and from time to time we go to war . ''
But , to avoid a cataclysm , the US and its allies must defuse the bomb by enforcing the provisions of the 2005 CPA , which they all endorsed .
It has not endorsed the wide array of liberal demands voiced by the revolutionaries of Tahrir Square .
Unfortunately , major US media , including The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal , have endorsed this deplorable assault on whatever non-discrimination remains in the world trading system .
Even though the arch-realist Henry Kissinger endorsed the war in Iraq , his brand of realpolitik was the primary target of neo-con intellectuals .
As part of the Quartet , including Russia , the UN , and the European Union , he has endorsed a `` Road Map '' for peace .
He has unequivocally endorsed the Quartet 's Road Map .
Vargas Llosa initially declared that the choice was between AIDS and cancer , but later secured commitments from Humala on economic policy , democratic rule , and a one-term administration . With those conditions met , the novelist endorsed the former military officer with a penchant for coups and quirky ideas .
Valéry Giscard d'Estaing , the President of the Convention , has formally endorsed the Franco-German proposal .
To understand why , consider that their proposal for a permanent Council President was paired with a proposal that the Commission President -- currently nominated by the Council of Ministers -- should in future be elected by the European Parliament , and subsequently be endorsed by a majority vote of the Council of Ministers .
The indictment contains four counts : that Greenspan wrongly cheered the growth of non-standard adjustable-rate mortgages , which fueled the housing bubble ; that he wrongly endorsed Bush 's tax cuts ; that he should have reined in the stock market bubble of the 1990 's ; and that he should have done the same with the real estate bubble of the 2000 's .
While the IMF , in a high-profile report on exchange rates in mid-1970 , endorsed the principle of greater flexibility , it offered no new ideas for getting countries to move in this direction and proposed no new sanctions against countries that resisted .
It is ten years since an international commission that I co-chaired gave birth to the concept of the Responsibility to Protect -LRB- `` RtoP '' -RRB- , and six years since more than 150 heads of state and government endorsed it unanimously at the UN 's World Summit in 2005 .
This is the `` responsibility to protect '' principle , as embraced unanimously by the World Summit of heads of state and government sitting as the UN General Assembly in 2005 , and endorsed subsequently by the Security Council .
Nor is it permissible under the moral first principles of the `` responsibility to protect '' doctrine unanimously endorsed by the UN General Assembly in 2005 in an effort to end mass atrocities once and for all .
Libya passes , as would most other recent cases : had oil -- or regime change -- been the primary motivation , the Arab League and the Security Council would never have endorsed military intervention .
The Swiss public was so convinced of the benefits of heroin-assisted therapy that , in two nationwide votes , voters endorsed the policy , despite domestic political opposition and criticism from the International Narcotics Control Board .
Indeed , many academics -- not just professional knowledge managers -- have endorsed recent steps to disaggregate the `` unity of teaching and research '' that has defined the university since the early 19
According to the latest science , the current proposals under negotiation will result in warming of more than 4 ° C during this century -- double the 2 ° C maximum endorsed by the G-8 and other leaders .
President Barack Obama has endorsed this treaty as a vital instrument to discourage proliferation and avert nuclear war .
The three new agencies will not only enforce common technical standards , which may eventually become binding throughout the EU if endorsed by the European Commission , but will also be allowed to settle disputes between national supervisors .
The elements of an eventual settlement have been known for years : the creation of a viable Palestinian state -- a goal endorsed by the last two US presidents -- together with secure borders for Israel , some arrangement on Jerusalem , and an economic package .
An alliance was formed between financial experts who thought they were selling truly innovative ideas , a political elite that endorsed the philosophy of `` regulation lite , '' and a cultural climate that pushed experimentation and the rejection of traditional values .
The campaign is enthusiastically endorsed by a leading US economist and trade specialist , the Nobel laureate Paul Krugman .
In the course of a few years , it had become the proud self-definition of Italian fascism , endorsed by Mussolini 's education minister , Giovanni Gentile , who became the official philosopher of fascism , and then incorporated in a ghost-written article by Mussolini himself in the Encyclopedia of Fascism .
The six Arab countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council have called for a UN-imposed no-fly zone . The Arab League has endorsed a similar proposal .
These targets , endorsed by all UN member countries , comprise the eight Millennium Development Goals .
Ideally , such a commission should be independent , but endorsed by the French , German and British governments and EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana , as well as , however tacitly , Senators McCain and Obama .
This was endorsed in the report Our Common Future by the World Commission on Environment and Development , whose chair , Norway 's then Prime Minister , Gro Harlem Bruntland , now heads the World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- .
The independent electoral commission endorsed by the international community declared Ouattara the winner .
Von Braun endorsed an automated telescope in space , but thought that astronauts would need to visit the instrument to change the film .
In 2006 , after roughly 50 million preventable deaths , the United Nations ' World Health Organization reversed course and endorsed the use of DDT to kill and repel Anopheles mosquitoes .
Indeed , in many cases , the CEO -- frequently a Wall Street-endorsed `` superstar '' parachuted in to `` shake things up '' -- now is the company , despite having little knowledge of its products , customers , and competitors .
Strong majorities also endorsed the idea of a democratic system for Iraq .
Defiance of the Supreme Leader by millions of Iranians just a day after he firmly endorsed Ahmadinejad threw the country into a political crisis .
It is , of course , dismaying that 60 years after the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , so many governments disregard the principles that they endorsed so long ago .
It is not just official multiculturalism that has failed in Europe , however ; so has the multiculturalism endorsed by large parts of European civil society .
Most of what WHO is recommending has been endorsed by public health officials for many years .
To meet this challenge , the three of us -- building on the action plan adopted by consensus at the 2010 Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- Review Conference -- have endorsed a series of urgent , practical steps towards the long-term goal of a world free of nuclear weapons .
The third possibility -- military action endorsed by a small group of states -- should be avoided , for practical , legal , and moral reasons .
The latest view , endorsed by the European Commission , blames a shortage of infrastructure and proposes more bridges and tunnels .
The IMF endorsed legal standards and codes of best practice developed by other institutions , but also promotes the development of new standards , including accounting and auditing standards , securities market regulations , bankruptcy law , codes for corporate governance , insurance and banking regulations .
The US government , however , endorsed the justice 's illegal removal , seeing the court 's insistence on constitutional accountability for Musharraf as complicating its regional objectives .
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , underlining the importance of infrastructure investment , made the following proposal , which several leaders endorsed : `` Recycling surplus savings into investment in developing countries will not only address the immediate demand imbalance , it will also help to address developmental imbalances .
Referring to capital controls , John Maynard Keynes famously said : `` what used to be heresy -LRB- restrictions on capital flows -RRB- is now endorsed as orthodoxy . ''
The venerable New York Times editorial page was apparently opposed to an energy tax until only recently , when the newspaper finally endorsed the idea .
In fact , Pope John Paul II , a man not usually described as soft in his religious commitments , has openly endorsed evolution , even Darwinism .
In the United States , the American Medical Association has endorsed a draft bill that would make it easier for states to offer various non-cash incentives for donation .
In addition , we endorsed on several measures to strengthen the link between political agreement to commence operations and the provision of the necessary forces , including through usability targets and changes to NATO 's planning processes .
The first nationwide poll in nearly a decade passed off relatively well and was endorsed by Nepali officials as well as the hundreds of international election observers .
The G-7 countries announced a coordinated plan to fix the world economy on October 10 , and that weekend the G-20 countries endorsed the plan .
These principles were endorsed by the UN General Assembly at its special World Summit in 2005 and discussed again in 2009 , with an overwhelming majority of states supporting them .
In testimony to the Senate Banking Committee in early February , MIT 's Simon Johnson endorsed the Volcker approach , but also favored strengthening commercial banks ' capital ratios `` dramatically '' -- from about 7 % to 25 % -- and improving bankruptcy procedures through a `` living will , '' which would freeze some assets , but not others .
Such a discourse , if clearly articulated , would be understood and could be endorsed by many , if not by all .
It was endorsed by the British government , and many oil and mining companies responded positively .
The need for greater transparency in the management of resource revenues was endorsed by the G8 declaration at Evian this June .
The overwhelming majority of the 59 participants at that meeting endorsed the principles of EITI .
If re-elected , the Bush doctrine of preemptive action - and the invasion of Iraq - will be endorsed , and the world will have to live with the consequences .
It is too late to agree on issuing SDRs at the upcoming G-20 meeting , but if it were proposed by President Barack Obama and endorsed in principle by the majority of participants , it would be sufficient to give heart to the markets and make the meeting a resounding success .
In 2009 , the EU endorsed the principle of `` explicit but not exclusive targeting '' for Roma , and the European Commission allowed structural funds to be used to cover housing interventions in favor of marginalized communities , with a particular focus on Roma .
China greatly resented it when the US endorsed the Japanese position .
If he were truly concerned about global warming , how could he have endorsed the construction of coal-fired electricity plants , even if those plants use more efficient technologies than have been employed in the past ?
His appointment has been endorsed by del Ponte , other past prosecutors , and the top lieutenants and staff of the Prosecutor 's office , who sent a letter of support to the UN Secretary-General .
Although Obama has endorsed the goal of abolishing nuclear weapons , he has described this as a long-term effort , and offered no concrete time-line for achieving it . No date has been set when Obama will ask the Senate to reconsider the CTBT .
