So far , the Kremlin has resolutely stated that it will accept only a settlement agreed to by both parties , in effect endorsing Serbia 's position .
However encouraging some sporadic signs of a shift toward political realism might be , it is not on Hamas 's immediate agenda to betray its very raison d'être by endorsing the US-led Annapolis peace process .
If Netanyahu is ever to lead a historic reconciliation with the Palestinian people , he should start by endorsing a courageous , almost post-Zionist insight reflected in Dayan 's 1956 eulogy .
Bush also came as close as he could to endorsing former President Bill Clinton 's peace plan by affirming that `` the borders of the past , the realities of the present , and agreed changes '' will define his two-state solution .
After endorsing a military coup to get rid of Thaksin , the yellow-shirts of Bangkok can hardly blame the red-shirts for using undemocratic tactics to force the current government to step down .
According to Tibetan tradition , however , the Dalai Lama has no role in selecting or endorsing a Karmapa .
However , in practice , Brown has remained in the shadows , skillfully managing the economy , but remaining silent and enigmatic on vital political issues , and apparently endorsing everything Blair did .
In June 1995 , just before the G-8 summit in Scotland , the Academies of Science of the world 's 11 largest economies -LRB- the G-8 plus India , China , and Brazil -RRB- issued a statement endorsing the IPCC 's conclusions and urging world governments to take urgent action to address climate change .
A `` Vienna Declaration , '' endorsing harm reduction -- and emphasizing drug policy based on science , not ideology -- was launched at the meeting , and gathered more than 10,000 signatories .
On November 19-20 , NATO heads of states approved a new `` strategic concept '' to guide the organization for the next decade At the same time Russian President D. Medvedev and his NATO counterparts issued a joint statement , endorsing the first Joint Review of 21st Century Common Security Challenges and deciding to resume Threat Missile Defense Cooperation .
The EU must increase the involvement of its own voters in endorsing and supporting the decisions taken in Brussels .
So far , it has been pretty soft in Eastern Europe , endorsing programs that depend on optimistic projections of both future budget cuts and economic growth .
This resistance should not be allowed to prevent the European Parliament from endorsing the common position : markets and regulators alike urgently need a new ISD , as innovations have made the old one obsolete .
Second , all Muslims are then seen as endorsing these core meanings .
