Rather than shielding Russia 's private enterprises , he engineered a domestic liquidity freeze , which led to a sharp drop in GDP of 9.5 % in the first quarter of 2009 , despite Russia 's huge foreign reserves .
But , with no natural steam or hot water to bring the energy to the surface , an engineered solution is needed , and , during the past 35 years , more than $ 600 million has been spent worldwide devising one .
BERKELEY -- Between 1950 and 1990 -- the days of old-fashioned inflation-fighting downturns engineered by the United States Federal Reserve -- America 's post-recession unemployment rate would fall on average 32.4 % over the course of a year from its initial value toward its natural rate .
As Sandel points out , perhaps we could design a world in which we all have access to mood-brightening drugs and cosmetic surgery ; in which athletes have access to safe , performance-enhancing drugs ; in which we could safely choose and manipulate the genetic traits of our children ; and in which we eat factory-farmed pigs and chickens that are genetically engineered not to feel pain .
Many of us would resist such a world -- not because such a world would be unjust , or because it would lead to more pain and suffering , but because of the extent to which it has been planned and engineered .
A century ago , the German Nobel laureate Paul Ehrlich introduced the concept of `` magic bullets '' -- compounds engineered to target and kill tumor cells or disease-causing organisms without affecting normal cells .
Many suspect that an engineered bloodbath that leads to army intervention , and the declaration of a national emergency , could serve as a pretext to postpone the October 2007 elections .
At the United States Federal Reserve , Paul Volcker engineered a sustained and successful process of disinflation beginning in 1979 .
Given modern communications , a cover-up of the kind engineered by Mussolini in 1931 would most likely be unsustainable today .
Since roughly 1994 , when Newt Gingrich engineered the Republican takeover of the US House of Representatives , Republicans have taken to calling themselves `` revolutionaries '' -- not a word often found on the lips of conservatives .
Opinion polls have registered a sharp fall in Morales 's popularity , with social protest of the type he once engineered now raised against him .
Building a Safe Nanotechnology Future We are living -- according to some -- on the brink of a nanotechnology revolution , where matter is engineered at a scale thousands of times smaller than the eye can see , and familiar materials behave in unexpected ways .
On the one hand , it would condemn hundreds of millions to live in repressive Iranian - or Taliban-style theocracies . On the other hand , the idea that poverty and repression in the Islamic world are engineered from outside simply does not stand up to scrutiny .
Researchers at the University of California , Davis , have faced similar regulatory obstacles in attempting to produce lysozyme in the milk of genetically engineered goats .
The worst-case scenario would be gene transfer from plants engineered for enhanced resistance to certain herbicides .
The desired `` product '' of gene-splicing may be the engineered organism itself -- a bacteria to clean up oil spills , a weakened virus used as a vaccine , or a papaya tree that resists viruses -- or it may be a biosynthetic product of the cells , such as human insulin produced in bacteria , or oil expressed from seeds .
The novel 's readers will not have been astonished by the ease with which the rotting hulk of Hosni Mubarak 's regime was dashed against the rocks , nor by the spirit and courage of those who engineered this extraordinary piece of history .
The truth lies closer to Paul Volcker 's view that for most people the automated teller machine -LRB- ATM -RRB- has brought bigger benefits than any financially-engineered bond .
Automobiles can be engineered for much greater mileage through hybrid technology combining battery power and gasoline .
Seed scarcity is directly caused by seed monopolies , which have as their ultimate weapon a `` terminator '' seed that is engineered for sterility .
With the coming of globalization , seed companies were allowed to sell seeds for which the companies had certified their safety . In the case of genetically engineered seed , these companies are again seeking self-regulation for bio-safety .
This was a period when Monsanto and its Indian partner , Mahyco , were also carrying out illegal field experiments with genetically engineered Bt cotton .
All imports and field trials of genetically engineered organisms in India are governed by a provision of the Environment Protection Act called the `` Rules for the Manufacture Use , Import , Export , and Storage of Hazardous Microorganisms , Genetically Engineered Organisms , or Cells . ''
A stimulus is a government-engineered boost to total spending .
The dollar depreciation engineered by the US Federal Reserve seems an appealing proposition from the American standpoint , but the economies of Latin America can not and should not bear the burden of dollar realignment .
He is part of the proud generation that defeated apartheid -- and then peacefully engineered a transition to durable black-majority rule . Their achievement remains one of the greatest in recent history .
