Latin America does not need financial engineering .
We have seen how financial engineering in the United States can determine economic growth in every part of the world ; how carbon-dioxide emissions from China end up influencing crop yields and livelihoods in Vietnam , Bangladesh , the Maldives , and beyond ; how an epidemic in Mexico endangers the rhythm of public life in the US ; or how volcanic ash from Iceland affects travel across Europe .
Similarly , direct investment by Japanese firms is increasing as they relocate production facilities to China to capitalize on lower labor costs and high-quality engineering talent .
Such investments could generate an estimated five million `` green-collar '' jobs , provide a shot in the arm for the construction and engineering industries , and get America back into the equally serious business of combating climate change and achieving energy security .
Only such `` reverse engineering , '' starting at the end and working backward -- and legitimized and monitored by strict international mechanisms -- might yet save the prospects for an Israeli\/Palestinian peace from ruin .
Even then , such a plan would require especially laborious and complex diplomatic engineering .
Cheap Asian televisions gave Western households the wherewithal to purchase PC 's powered by Intel microprocessors and Microsoft software , which are designed by engineering graduates who would otherwise have worked for TV manufacturers .
But falling share prices should not blind us to the fact that on top of the ongoing information revolution , three fresh waves of revolutionary technology are poised to hit : bio-technology -LRB- including new medical technologies and genetic engineering , such as the creation of human embryos through cloning -RRB- , nanotechnology , and robotics .
Obama outsourced the details of the $ 787 billion fiscal stimulus to Congress and , no surprise , the old barons of the House stuffed it with pork and social engineering .
China , the world 's biggest dam builder -- with slightly more than half of the approximately 50,000 large dams on the planet -- is rapidly accumulating leverage against its neighbors by undertaking massive hydro-engineering projects on transnational rivers .
The engineering solution is to keep a large amount of reliable base-load power as a major component of the generating mix and supplement this with `` peaking plants '' that can be brought on-line when needs arise .
But the science and engineering of HDR has been challenging , and it is only now that the first power stations are emerging .
Re-engineering humanity 's power systems is going to be an expensive undertaking , regardless of what mix of technologies are used , and the chosen systems will have to be reliable and widely available .
This will require appropriate human behavior at all levels , and may well involve internationally accepted , large-scale geo-engineering projects to `` optimize '' climate .
Genetic engineering rests on the manipulation of DNA molecules -LRB- whether real or artificially constructed -RRB- in order to reprogram foreign cells .
These tools were supposed to be as reliable as those used in engineering . Having ushered scientific socialism into its grave at the Cold War 's end , we quickly found ourselves embracing another Science of Man .
After all , we can assume that the animal spirits of investors and financiers has been further depressed as a psychological reaction to the exuberant belief just a few years ago in the powers of financial engineering .
Back at the start of 2004 , America 's banks discovered that they could borrow money cheaply from Asia and lend it out in higher-yielding domestic mortgages while using sophisticated financial engineering to wall off and strictly control their risks -- or so they thought .
In the United States , literalist Christians with engineering backgrounds have long led opposition to Darwin 's theory of evolution .
Likewise , in Muslim countries , it is not unusual for engineering professors to denounce Darwin as a fraud , and many well-known doctors argue that modern technological and scientific developments are prefigured in the Koran .
Their puritanical religious style sets forth an ideal morality with clear-cut rules that are similar to the constraints of an engineering project .
If we are to encourage democratic trends in political Islam , we must learn to think of Islamists as political opponents rather than as violent adversaries who may have medical and engineering degrees .
This contrasts sharply with China and India , both of which have several world-class universities , especially in science and engineering .
In Britain , where coalminers were unemployed in large numbers , the expansion of the motor-vehicle and engineering industries was hindered by a shortage of skilled mechanics .
Britain was slow to move from the old industries of the first Industrial Revolution into modern sectors like electrical engineering , which impeded the adoption of mass-production methods .
It is difficult , however , to see how this argument applies to the US , whose universities remain world leaders , attracting graduate students in science and engineering from around the world -- many of whom remain in the country .
There has also been a tendency to push students into fields like engineering , even though the Chinese economy is now beginning to shift from manufacturing to services .
Any agreement involving an end to sanctions and diplomatic isolation would need to be accompanied by intrusive monitoring , inspection , and verification arrangements , covering not only all sensitive stages of the nuclear fuel cycle , but also any suspected weapons design or engineering facilities .
It is also a non-static concept , as estimates of reserves will generally be revised upwards or downwards as additional geologic or engineering data become available , as technology improves , and\/or as economic conditions -LRB- such as oil prices and production costs -RRB- change .
The use of such techniques is referred to as genetic modification -LRB- GM -RRB- , genetic engineering , or biotechnology .
Neither entailed a great scientific challenge , but rather a vast engineering problem .
But Sarkozy 's view that the European Central Bank should be subject to political engineering upset Germany , his visit to Moscow , because Germany felt that it was being circumvented .
-LRB- Even though Dr. Khan earned his Ph. D in metallurgy , not nuclear physics or nuclear engineering , yet journalistspress reports usually refer to him as a `` nuclear scientist '' -RRB- .
Europeans , meanwhile , suffer from their aversion to immigration , their children 's increasing avoidance of math , science , and engineering , and the fact that the EU is closing itself off from internal competition in services , one of the most competitive sectors in the world economy .
Indeed , given that depreciation is a key tool for engineering a fast economic recovery , why not invite Greece to leave the eurozone ?
The surprising strength of the German economy , with more vigorous growth than at any time in the past 15 years , is due to the dynamism of emerging-market -- particularly Chinese -- demand , not only for investment goods , engineering products , and machine tools , but also for luxury consumer products .
Europeans may be more cheerful , believing that the Chinese market will open not only for European engineering products and machine tools to equip the new workshop of the world , but also for luxury goods and even the tourism demanded by a new and affluent Chinese middle class .
Schooled in economics , politics , and law , rather than engineering , they will seek to accelerate China 's rise and transformation , viewing caution as paralysis . Even now , emerging leaders argue that China is moving too slowly on economic reform and foreign-policy goals .
The plan urges world business and political leaders , including a new US president , to help redirect resources away from the speculative financial engineering at the root of today 's market crisis and into more productive , growth-generating , and job-creating investments for the future .
Berthold Huber , the head of Germany 's huge IG Metall engineering union , recently promised his rank and file `` a mega year '' for pay increases .
According to one view , Eastern Europe was uniquely positioned to benefit from multinational companies : its workforce was well educated , especially in engineering and sciences , and was thus able to avoid the classic `` low-skills , low-wage '' trap .
A groundbreaking paper by economists Eric Bickel and Lee Lane is one of the first -- and certainly the most comprehensive -- study of the costs and benefits of climate engineering .
Bickel and Lane offer compelling evidence that a tiny investment in climate engineering might be able to reduce as much of global warming 's effects as trillions of dollars spent on carbon emission reductions .
Climate engineering has the advantage of speed .
Many methods of atmospheric engineering have been proposed .
Many of the risks of climate engineering have been overstated .
Many environmental lobbyists oppose even researching climate engineering . This is startling , given the manifold benefits .
Climate engineering could remain a back-up option in case of necessity .
Instead , the panel recommended focusing investment on research into climate engineering as a short-term response , and on non-carbon-based energy as a longer-term response .
Some proposed climate-engineering technologies -- in particular , marine cloud-whitening technology -- could be cheap , fast , and effective . -LRB- Boats would spray seawater droplets into clouds above the oceans to make them reflect more sunlight back into space , reducing warming -RRB- .
It appears that climate engineering could buy us some time , and it is time that we need if we are to make a sustainable and smooth shift away from reliance on fossil fuels .
I studied engineering , not only because I wanted a profession that might protect me from the daily political demagogy , but also because I hoped it would protect me from that essential self I had discovered on an unforgettable post-war July afternoon .
In fact , Ozawa has established one of the largest financial war chests of any political party , using tactics reminiscent of Tanaka : three of Ozawa 's current and former political aides were recently arrested on charges of channeling kickbacks from civil engineering and construction firms into Ozawa 's fund-raising operation .
Behind Koizumi 's pro-reform slogans was an intra-party factional struggle with the dominant Tanaka faction , whose seemingly invincible political machine and electoral constituencies were anchored to public works involving special-interest groups , particularly civil engineering and construction firms .
On the European side , engineering a new spirit of détente will be tough .
Its overall aim was to make the backbone of Europe 's heavy-engineering sector more competitive internationally .
What makes this approach to managing diarrhea feasible is Ventria 's invention of a genetic-engineering method that uses rice to produce lactoferrin and lysozyme .
On the contrary , neither biotechnology nor genetic engineering are new , and consumers , government , and industry all have had long , extensive , and positive experience with both .
Genetic engineering can be dated from man 's recognition that animals and crop plants can be selected and bred to enhance desired characteristics .
These applications of conventional biotechnology , or genetic engineering , represent monumental scientific , technological , commercial , and humanitarian successes .
So said Dr. Victor Frankenstein when his `` creation '' was complete . Researchers have long been fascinated with trying to create life , but mainly they have had to settle for crafting variations of living organisms via mutation or other techniques of genetic engineering .
The goal of `` synthetic biology , '' as the field is known , is to move microbiology and cell biology closer to the approach of engineering , so that standardized parts can be mixed , matched , and assembled -- just as off-the-shelf chassis , engines , transmissions , and so on can be combined to build a hot-rod .
In 2002 , a research group at the State University of New York , Stony Brook , created a functional , infectious poliovirus solely from basic , off-the-shelf chemical building blocks . Their only blueprint for engineering the genome was the known sequence of RNA -LRB- which comprises the viral genome and is chemically very similar to DNA -RRB- .
Each year , India produces about twice as many engineering and computing graduates as America , but The Economist reports that `` only 4.2 % are fit to work in a software product firm , and just 17.8 % are employable by an IT services company , even with six months training . ''
Back home , they practice just-in-time manufacturing , 360-degree performance evaluations -LRB- including bosses reviewed by subordinates -RRB- , and re-engineering - all with unmatched resourcefulness and purposefulness .
When Chu gave speeches on energy and climate change at Tsinghua University , China 's most elite institution for science and engineering -LRB- where his parents had been students -RRB- , and then at Tianjin University -LRB- where his grandfather was once President -RRB- , he was received with enormous enthusiasm , overflow crowds , and standing ovations .
To try to compensate for these perturbed weather patterns , Chinese officialdom has launched an unprecedented array of costly projects . These include the titanic $ 55 billion South-North Water Transfer Project , a massive engineering effort to construct three canals to bring water from China 's normally wet south to its arid north ; a widespread campaign to dig ever-deeper wells ; a nationwide tree-planting campaign ; and even an extensive effort at `` weather modification . ''
If true , China will never resolve droughts such as the current one in Guizhou by itself , regardless of how many large-scale engineering projects the government undertakes , or how well organized remedial efforts are .
Cut Now , Save Later WASHINGTON , DC -- Central banks around the world have finally reacted to the global financial crisis by engineering a coordinated half-point interest-rate cut .
None of this excuses BP 's engineering mistakes and woeful public diplomacy .
Subsequent investigation revealed that the structure , the longest of its kind , simply pushed the limits of railroad-bridge engineering too far .
What should have been a mere extension of the millennia-old art of building pedestrian bridges , proved to be a modern engineering embarrassment .
This was known to Vitruvius , who wrote about Greek and Roman engineering more than 2,000 years ago .
The history of engineering is no mere adjunct to technical know-how .
A historical perspective on bridge building or any other engineering specialty provides a caveat about how our humanity affects our thinking .
Unless you are an expert on space engineering and imaging software , you may have some trouble at that point .
One reason is that such crops rely on research tools used in molecular biology , including genetic engineering .
African governments have been told that genetic engineering is dangerous , with many Europeans and their national governments -- as well as transnational NGOs such as Greenpeace -- determined to stay away from it .
Opponents of genetic engineering in food and agriculture have several arguments , none of which appears to be valid .
First , `` genetic engineering can not solve the hunger and food insecurity problem . '' This is correct : GM foods can not singlehandedly solve the problem , but they can be an important part of the solution .
But private corporations undertake only about half of all agricultural research , whether or not it involves genetic engineering .
Business ethics has always had problems that are distinct from those of other professions , such as medicine , law , engineering , dentistry , or nursing .
As long as choice engineering tricks us into making choices that our own more deliberate self would make , they say , manipulation is justifiable .
All countries that have successfully globalized have used such policies , many of which -LRB- e.g. , subsidies , domestic-content rules , reverse engineering of patented products -RRB- are currently not allowed under WTO rules .
It was hard work engineering a five-trillion-dollar deterioration in America 's fiscal position .
The new plan relies on a questionable mix of dubious financial-engineering gimmicks and vague promises of modest Asian funding .
On a crowded planet with threats to our climate , oceans , forests , food production , and water supply , and with global travel and high population densities increasing the risk of worldwide disease epidemics , we must turn to the best of our scientific and engineering knowledge to find a safe passage .
Mastering the subject requires expertise in many scientific fields , including climatology , oceanography , atmospheric chemistry , ecology , engineering , politics , and economics .
According to the best economic and engineering estimates , if each key economic sector develops and adopts environmentally sound technologies in the coming decades , the world will be able to reduce carbon emissions dramatically for less than 1 % of annual global income , thereby avoiding long-term damage that would cost far more .
We will need to embrace global goals and then establish scientific , engineering , and political processes to support their achievement .
The key CCS technologies have already been developed ; it is time to move from engineering blueprints to real demonstration power plants .
Yet lasting solutions to water challenges require a broad range of expert knowledge about climate , ecology , farming , population , engineering , economics , community politics , and local cultures .
The switchover to new technologies is not mainly a matter of negotiation but of engineering , planning , financing , and incentives .
The competition is fierce to attract the project , and usually involves tax breaks , commitments on infrastructure , and even promises about the engineering curriculum in the local university .
Beyond this , more financial engineering is needed to draw upon the creativity of financial markets .
At the start , the technology for engineering Bt genes into cotton was aimed primarily at controlling pests .
Brian Tucker , founder of the non-profit organization Geohazards International , urges that 10 % of the money raised by relief efforts should be set aside for mitigating damage from future earthquakes : training builders , improving engineering , and making the public more aware of the risks and how to reduce them .
The signs of the fading miracle became visible when Japanese competitors and other Asian Tigers succeeded in wiping out substantial parts of Germany 's labor-intensive textile , optical products , and precision engineering industries .
The automobile and electrical engineering industries have been at the forefront of the bazaar economy .
But consider the way in which the term `` debt '' -LRB- the original sin against God , with Satan as the great loan shark -RRB- has become `` leverage , '' a metaphor from engineering that has turned the classical injunction against `` getting into debt '' into a virtual duty to be `` highly leveraged . ''
An open society will never be created or sustained by righteous entrepreneurs or be the mere byproduct of political engineering .
International support could help educate 40,000 Afghans each year in urgently needed fields , such as engineering , management , agriculture , law , and economics .
The EU was brought into existence by a process of piecemeal social engineering -- the method Popper considered appropriate to an open society -- directed by a far-sighted , purposeful elite who recognized that perfection is unattainable .
NEW YORK -- The European Union was brought into existence by what Karl Popper called piecemeal social engineering .
For example , while the benefits of many of the financial-engineering innovations of recent years are hard to prove , let alone quantify , the costs associated with them -- both economic and social -- are apparent and enormous .
Indeed , financial engineering did not create products that would help ordinary citizens manage the simple risk of home ownership -- with the consequence that millions have lost their homes , and millions more are likely to do so .
But then the US Federal Reserve hid these weaknesses by engineering a housing bubble that led to a consumption boom .
This is mostly a matter of engineering , not politics .
Ma 's strategy suits China , whose leaders welcome being able to avoid confrontation with Taiwan , given their current focus on engineering their country 's `` peaceful rise . ''
Some two-thirds of Iranian industry , most of it state controlled , relies on German engineering exports , 65 % of which in 2005 came with export credit insurance guarantees from the German government .
There are dozens of Chinese engineers working in -LRB- and learning from -RRB- Indian computer firms and engineering companies , while Indian software engineers support the Chinese telecoms equipment manufacturer Huawei .
Towards a Green Nanotechnology The advent of nanotechnology , the branch of engineering that seeks to build objects molecule by molecule -- indeed , atom by atom -- has evoked futuristic images of self-replicating `` nanobots '' that perform surgery , or that convert the planet into a mass of `` gray goo '' as they consume everything in sight .
The LHC is a magnificent engineering project , whose many `` gee-whiz '' features have been widely reported .
WASHINGTON , DC -- For decades , research universities in the United States have been universally acknowledged as the world 's leaders in science and engineering , unsurpassed since World War II in the sheer volume and excellence of the scholarship and innovation that they generate .
During a 2008 campaign stop , for instance , then-candidate Barack Obama spoke in alarmed tones about the threat that such academic competition poses to US competitiveness . `` If we want to keep on building the cars of the future here in America , '' he declared , `` we ca n't afford to see the number of PhDs in engineering climbing in China , South Korea , and Japan even as it 's dropped here in America . ''
But the most shocking aspect of the move is that arts and humanities departments will be targeted more aggressively than science and engineering , which are supposedly better for business .
There are roughly 2,000 African students in China , most of whom are pursuing engineering and science courses .
According to Juma , that number is expected to double over the next two years , making China `` Africa 's leading destination for science and engineering education . ''
