As Mircea Geoana , Romania 's bright young Minister of Foreign Affairs , recently put it : `` If the EU waits another seven or ten years before it opens up , the workers it will receive from my country will be the least qualified , peasants and individuals with low human capital : by then , the doctors , the architects and the engineers will all have migrated to the United States . ''
For example , the United States government is well-served by an organization called the National Academies , based on three honorary organizations composed of the nation 's most distinguished scientists , engineers , and health professionals -LRB- the National Academy of Sciences , National Academy of Engineering , and Institute of Medicine , respectively -RRB- .
The IAC is governed by a Board that includes a rotating group of 15 Academy presidents from around the world , representing nations at a range of economic development levels , and its reports present a truly international perspective backed by the world 's best scientists and engineers .
Indeed , India now has some of the world 's best engineers , IT technicians and medical professionals .
Renaissance of nuclear power will require a big expansion of qualified scientists and engineers .
This meant that Solidarity -- ostensibly a labor union -- became a home for people from all social groups and classes in Poland : workers and intellectuals , engineers and artists , doctors and patients .
The immigrants would raise a new generation of doctors , lawyers , and engineers .
As a result , scientists and engineers face a daunting task during the Anthropocene era : to guide us towards environmentally sustainable management .
First , the key resources that command high prices and thus produce wealth are not fixed , like land , but are variable : the skills of craft workers and engineers , the energy and experience of entrepreneurs , and machines and buildings are all things that can be multiplied .
As a result , high prices for scarce resources lead not to zero - or negative-sum political games of transfer but to positive-sum economic games of training more craft workers and engineers , mentoring more entrepreneurs and managers , and investing in more machines and buildings .
The Best and Brightest Fanatics In Britain and Australia , several Muslim medical doctors and engineers have been arrested following a series of failed car bombings .
Doctors and engineers , after all , are professionals .
Nevertheless , the presence of doctors and engineers in fundamentalist movements stands out .
Doctors who organize groups based on literalist readings of scripture and engineers who lead Islamist political parties are familiar figures throughout the Muslim world .
Among engineers and biomedical professionals , however , conservative , even fundamentalist religious leanings are not so unusual .
Engineering programs are in high demand , and engineers enjoy a status comparable to lawyers and doctors in the West .
As a result , in a modernizing environment , doctors and engineers can find themselves in positions of religious authority , leading a Koran study group and interpreting scripture .
Oxford and Cambridge , established long before the industrial era , produced eminent philosophers and historians , but too few scientists and engineers .
Some social groups , such as skilled workers , engineers , and financial-sector employees , have seen their wages rise strongly .
So the Asians are coming : as markets , as states , as consumers , as financiers -LRB- Asian central banks , for example , are responsible for financing America 's whopping budget deficits -RRB- , as scientists and engineers , and as corporations .
In Sudan , China supported a UN Security Council resolution establishing an international operation and committed 315 engineers to the UN-African Union force .
Europeans worry about their lack of engineers , but they do little to promote science education .
Some find it easy to recruit top-notch engineers , whereas for others enjoy an abundance of cheap labor .
Soviet engineers began designing Sputnik in January 1956 .
As my father saw it , you could order scientists and engineers to work together , but you could n't force them to create something .
Around the world , clever scientists , engineers , and entrepreneurs are working to realize the remainder of the space exploration dream .
If doctors , computer specialists , or engineers -LRB- let alone the proverbial Polish plumbers ! -RRB- were allowed to move freely , the concentration of talent in the richest countries would most likely increase .
During the past half-century , genetic engineers , using increasingly powerful and precise tools and resources , have achieved breakthroughs that are opening up new opportunities in a broad array of fields .
But , with increasing sophistication , genetic engineers using old and new techniques have been creating organisms with novel or enhanced properties for decades .
In 1998 , Chinese - and Indian-born engineers were running one-quarter of Silicon Valley 's high-technology businesses , which accounted for $ 17.8 billion in sales , and in 2005 , foreign-born immigrants had helped start one in four American technology start-ups over the previous decade .
Hua Wei , based in Shenzhen with 14,000 employees -LRB- 70 % of whom are engineers -RRB- , makes routers and telecommunications switches at half the price of most global companies .
Zhongguancun , a former military research zone in Beijing that houses half a million scientists and engineers , is popular with American high-tech companies .
Europe , while afraid of illegal migration , needs foreign labor for its own demographic reasons -- not least young engineers , technical staff , doctors , and health-care workers .
Within four months of its opening , the bridge was destroyed by winds in a manner totally unanticipated by its engineers .
They noted the cyclical regularity of such occurrences and speculated that it represented a gap in communications between generations of engineers .
Each used technology that engineers had been confidently employing for bridges , and for which the assumed loads and methods of analysis were well established . In every case , engineers believed that they were just building incrementally on successful practice .
It was also known to Galileo , who noted that Renaissance engineers who followed successful methods of building ships and moving obelisks were often surprised by the spontaneous failures when tried with larger ships and obelisks .
When the failures described above occurred , engineers were sensitized to their own limitations and so approached subsequent designs - no matter of what kind of bridge - with renewed respect for the laws and forces of nature .
Unfortunately , human memory fades with time , and new generations of engineers with no vivid experience of past failures can proceed with hubris to design again beyond wise limits .
Building a novel bridge , especially in the wake of a spectacular failure , forces engineers to think from scratch and also to think more deeply and critically .
Whether there will be a major cable-stayed bridge failure soon - or around the year 2030 - will most likely depend not so much on computer analyses as on how well engineers know their history and are determined not to repeat it .
With the help of some loyal -LRB- and foreign -RRB- engineers and enough new workers to replace strikers , the government kept the oil flowing , securing the resources needed to maintain the loyalty of mercenary forces who would otherwise have gone over to the opposition .
If this is the case , who is to decide in what areas individuals can be fairly nudged by social engineers ?
Chinese universities now graduate more than 1.5 million engineers and scientists annually .
Back in the early 1980 's , financial engineers invented `` portfolio insurance , '' a fancy active hedging strategy for controlling downside risk .
Concern that the levees might break in the midst of a powerful hurricane was widespread among scientists , engineers , and emergency-preparedness experts .
Scientists and engineers who work on climate change stress that governments need to adopt two main responses .
But the world 's scientists and engineers , as well as global technology leaders such as General Electric , are also sending a clear message : we can solve the problem at modest cost if we put our best thinking and action into real solutions .
All of this will take time , costly investments , and lots of collaboration between scientists and engineers in universities , government laboratories , and private businesses .
Scientists and engineers have developed many powerful ways to address today 's challenges , whether growing food , controlling diseases , or protecting the environment .
Water ministries are typically staffed with engineers and generalist civil servants .
This process , called `` carbon capture and disposal , '' is being pursued by some of the world 's leading engineers .
By contrast , the shortage in SSA of scientific , technical , and administrative skills , such as those of engineers , natural scientists , managers , and technicians , is a key reason why the East Asian `` miracle '' could not be reproduced there .
America is producing fewer engineers than China and India , and , even if engineers from those developing countries are at some disadvantage , either because of training or location , that disadvantage is more than offset by wage differentials .
American and rich country engineers and computer specialists will either have to accept a wage cut and\/or they will be forced into unemployment and\/or to seek other employment - almost surely at lower wages .
If America 's highly trained engineers and computer specialists are unable to withstand the onslaught of outsourcing , what about those who are even less trained ?
But a majority of even highly training engineers and scientists are involved in what is called `` ordinary science , '' the important , day-to-day improvements in technology that are the basis of long-term increases in productivity - and it is not clear that America has a long-term competitive advantage here .
Its tech-savvy information-technology pioneers , software engineers , and call-center operators have made the country an economic success story .
Likewise , when Americans speak of the IITs , India 's technology institutes , with the same reverence they accord to MIT , and the `` Indianness '' of engineers and software developers is taken as synonymous with mathematical and scientific excellence , India gains in respect .
There are dozens of Chinese engineers working in -LRB- and learning from -RRB- Indian computer firms and engineering companies , while Indian software engineers support the Chinese telecoms equipment manufacturer Huawei .
This is all the more true as Asian universities turn out vast numbers of engineers and other knowledge workers who are just as qualified as their European colleagues , and as brilliant in technical design as they are in optimizing the manufacturing process .
The best brains in Russia -- engineers , scientists , and inventors -- will gather in one place , and from there begin moving the country forward .
The preceding phase envisages only providing the existing AU force with extra logistical support from non-African countries , such as engineers from China .
Scientists and engineers are being produced at rates comparable or higher than in the past , and , while few non-science students find their required science courses enjoyable or useful , that is considered to be inherent to the subject .
A modern society does need educated people : not just engineers , chemists , and doctors , but millions of people who can write coherent letters , fill in complicated forms , explain insurance policies , and interpret statistical data from machines on factory floors .
The prime minister himself is regularly televised with relevant officials wearing the work fatigues common among Japanese engineers .
The country is also home to thriving communities of scientists and engineers specializing in nuclear and solar energy , software encryption , coal-to-oil conversion and even electric cars .
A small number of African engineers and professionals earn much more , and receive periodic training in advanced technologies .
Africa boasts the world 's fastest-growing market for wireless telephony , and Huawei -- with offices in 14 African countries -- is running away with the business , sending scores of engineers into the bush to bring a new generation of low-cost technology to some of the planet 's poorest people .
Well , not quite . Across sub-Saharan Africa , engineers from India -- armed with appropriate technologies honed in their home market -- are also making their mark .
Chinese and Indian engineers hail from places that have much more in common with nitty-gritty Africa than comfortable Silicon Valley or Cambridge .
