Of real significance here is the press service , All4Syria -LRB- www.all4syria.org -RRB- , created by the Syrian engineer Ayman Abdul Nour .
The January 2008 semester exams at schools in Gaza operated by the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East -LRB- UNRWA -RRB- found 50-60 % failure rates in mathematics and a 40 % failure rate in Arabic -- the children 's native language . Despite this , Ayman insists , `` I want to be an educated person . I want to be an engineer to build my country . ''
As Mircea Geoana , Romania 's bright young Minister of Foreign Affairs , recently put it : `` If the EU waits another seven or ten years before it opens up , the workers it will receive from my country will be the least qualified , peasants and individuals with low human capital : by then , the doctors , the architects and the engineers will all have migrated to the United States . ''
Latin America does not need financial engineering .
For example , the United States government is well-served by an organization called the National Academies , based on three honorary organizations composed of the nation 's most distinguished scientists , engineers , and health professionals -LRB- the National Academy of Sciences , National Academy of Engineering , and Institute of Medicine , respectively -RRB- .
The IAC is governed by a Board that includes a rotating group of 15 Academy presidents from around the world , representing nations at a range of economic development levels , and its reports present a truly international perspective backed by the world 's best scientists and engineers .
We have seen how financial engineering in the United States can determine economic growth in every part of the world ; how carbon-dioxide emissions from China end up influencing crop yields and livelihoods in Vietnam , Bangladesh , the Maldives , and beyond ; how an epidemic in Mexico endangers the rhythm of public life in the US ; or how volcanic ash from Iceland affects travel across Europe .
Similarly , direct investment by Japanese firms is increasing as they relocate production facilities to China to capitalize on lower labor costs and high-quality engineering talent .
Rather than shielding Russia 's private enterprises , he engineered a domestic liquidity freeze , which led to a sharp drop in GDP of 9.5 % in the first quarter of 2009 , despite Russia 's huge foreign reserves .
Such investments could generate an estimated five million `` green-collar '' jobs , provide a shot in the arm for the construction and engineering industries , and get America back into the equally serious business of combating climate change and achieving energy security .
Only such `` reverse engineering , '' starting at the end and working backward -- and legitimized and monitored by strict international mechanisms -- might yet save the prospects for an Israeli\/Palestinian peace from ruin .
Even then , such a plan would require especially laborious and complex diplomatic engineering .
Indeed , India now has some of the world 's best engineers , IT technicians and medical professionals .
Cheap Asian televisions gave Western households the wherewithal to purchase PC 's powered by Intel microprocessors and Microsoft software , which are designed by engineering graduates who would otherwise have worked for TV manufacturers .
Renaissance of nuclear power will require a big expansion of qualified scientists and engineers .
But falling share prices should not blind us to the fact that on top of the ongoing information revolution , three fresh waves of revolutionary technology are poised to hit : bio-technology -LRB- including new medical technologies and genetic engineering , such as the creation of human embryos through cloning -RRB- , nanotechnology , and robotics .
That is the broad lesson of history -- from the Reagan and Thatcher revolutions in the US and the UK , to Stephen Harper 's more recent experience , to the repeat performance that David Cameron and the Republicans in the US Congress are now trying to engineer .
The administration is exploiting a crisis atmosphere to enact a vast agenda that would reengineer the American economy , from autos and financial services to health care , energy , and the distribution of income .
Obama outsourced the details of the $ 787 billion fiscal stimulus to Congress and , no surprise , the old barons of the House stuffed it with pork and social engineering .
Some within the Chinese Communist Party leadership will support plans to engineer a shift from export-led growth to a model based on domestic consumption . Others will try to direct state funding toward their personal investment projects .
This meant that Solidarity -- ostensibly a labor union -- became a home for people from all social groups and classes in Poland : workers and intellectuals , engineers and artists , doctors and patients .
The immigrants would raise a new generation of doctors , lawyers , and engineers .
China , the world 's biggest dam builder -- with slightly more than half of the approximately 50,000 large dams on the planet -- is rapidly accumulating leverage against its neighbors by undertaking massive hydro-engineering projects on transnational rivers .
Hot Rocks CANBERRA -- Ask any power system engineer about renewable energy and you are likely to be told that it does n't deliver `` base-load '' power .
The engineering solution is to keep a large amount of reliable base-load power as a major component of the generating mix and supplement this with `` peaking plants '' that can be brought on-line when needs arise .
But , with no natural steam or hot water to bring the energy to the surface , an engineered solution is needed , and , during the past 35 years , more than $ 600 million has been spent worldwide devising one .
But the science and engineering of HDR has been challenging , and it is only now that the first power stations are emerging .
Re-engineering humanity 's power systems is going to be an expensive undertaking , regardless of what mix of technologies are used , and the chosen systems will have to be reliable and widely available .
Thus , the problem is to engineer a sufficient flow of return migration to poor societies by those with exposure to the social conditions of economically successful societies .
As a result , scientists and engineers face a daunting task during the Anthropocene era : to guide us towards environmentally sustainable management .
This will require appropriate human behavior at all levels , and may well involve internationally accepted , large-scale geo-engineering projects to `` optimize '' climate .
Genetic engineering rests on the manipulation of DNA molecules -LRB- whether real or artificially constructed -RRB- in order to reprogram foreign cells .
These tools were supposed to be as reliable as those used in engineering . Having ushered scientific socialism into its grave at the Cold War 's end , we quickly found ourselves embracing another Science of Man .
After all , we can assume that the animal spirits of investors and financiers has been further depressed as a psychological reaction to the exuberant belief just a few years ago in the powers of financial engineering .
BERKELEY -- Between 1950 and 1990 -- the days of old-fashioned inflation-fighting downturns engineered by the United States Federal Reserve -- America 's post-recession unemployment rate would fall on average 32.4 % over the course of a year from its initial value toward its natural rate .
First , the key resources that command high prices and thus produce wealth are not fixed , like land , but are variable : the skills of craft workers and engineers , the energy and experience of entrepreneurs , and machines and buildings are all things that can be multiplied .
As a result , high prices for scarce resources lead not to zero - or negative-sum political games of transfer but to positive-sum economic games of training more craft workers and engineers , mentoring more entrepreneurs and managers , and investing in more machines and buildings .
Back at the start of 2004 , America 's banks discovered that they could borrow money cheaply from Asia and lend it out in higher-yielding domestic mortgages while using sophisticated financial engineering to wall off and strictly control their risks -- or so they thought .
The Best and Brightest Fanatics In Britain and Australia , several Muslim medical doctors and engineers have been arrested following a series of failed car bombings .
Doctors and engineers , after all , are professionals .
Nevertheless , the presence of doctors and engineers in fundamentalist movements stands out .
Doctors who organize groups based on literalist readings of scripture and engineers who lead Islamist political parties are familiar figures throughout the Muslim world .
Among engineers and biomedical professionals , however , conservative , even fundamentalist religious leanings are not so unusual .
In the United States , literalist Christians with engineering backgrounds have long led opposition to Darwin 's theory of evolution .
Likewise , in Muslim countries , it is not unusual for engineering professors to denounce Darwin as a fraud , and many well-known doctors argue that modern technological and scientific developments are prefigured in the Koran .
Engineering programs are in high demand , and engineers enjoy a status comparable to lawyers and doctors in the West .
As a result , in a modernizing environment , doctors and engineers can find themselves in positions of religious authority , leading a Koran study group and interpreting scripture .
Their puritanical religious style sets forth an ideal morality with clear-cut rules that are similar to the constraints of an engineering project .
If we are to encourage democratic trends in political Islam , we must learn to think of Islamists as political opponents rather than as violent adversaries who may have medical and engineering degrees .
This contrasts sharply with China and India , both of which have several world-class universities , especially in science and engineering .
In Britain , where coalminers were unemployed in large numbers , the expansion of the motor-vehicle and engineering industries was hindered by a shortage of skilled mechanics .
Britain was slow to move from the old industries of the first Industrial Revolution into modern sectors like electrical engineering , which impeded the adoption of mass-production methods .
Oxford and Cambridge , established long before the industrial era , produced eminent philosophers and historians , but too few scientists and engineers .
It is difficult , however , to see how this argument applies to the US , whose universities remain world leaders , attracting graduate students in science and engineering from around the world -- many of whom remain in the country .
There has also been a tendency to push students into fields like engineering , even though the Chinese economy is now beginning to shift from manufacturing to services .
Europe could re-engineer the eurozone to enable debt sustainability and high economic growth .
As Sandel points out , perhaps we could design a world in which we all have access to mood-brightening drugs and cosmetic surgery ; in which athletes have access to safe , performance-enhancing drugs ; in which we could safely choose and manipulate the genetic traits of our children ; and in which we eat factory-farmed pigs and chickens that are genetically engineered not to feel pain .
Many of us would resist such a world -- not because such a world would be unjust , or because it would lead to more pain and suffering , but because of the extent to which it has been planned and engineered .
Any agreement involving an end to sanctions and diplomatic isolation would need to be accompanied by intrusive monitoring , inspection , and verification arrangements , covering not only all sensitive stages of the nuclear fuel cycle , but also any suspected weapons design or engineering facilities .
We know that terrorist groups have the capacity to engineer nuclear devices and would explode them anywhere they could ; we simply can not be confident that we can forever deny them access to the fissile material they need to fuel them .
Some social groups , such as skilled workers , engineers , and financial-sector employees , have seen their wages rise strongly .
So the Asians are coming : as markets , as states , as consumers , as financiers -LRB- Asian central banks , for example , are responsible for financing America 's whopping budget deficits -RRB- , as scientists and engineers , and as corporations .
It is also a non-static concept , as estimates of reserves will generally be revised upwards or downwards as additional geologic or engineering data become available , as technology improves , and\/or as economic conditions -LRB- such as oil prices and production costs -RRB- change .
The use of such techniques is referred to as genetic modification -LRB- GM -RRB- , genetic engineering , or biotechnology .
Obama has just been elected for four years , and his political fate depends on whether he can engineer an economic recovery .
A century ago , the German Nobel laureate Paul Ehrlich introduced the concept of `` magic bullets '' -- compounds engineered to target and kill tumor cells or disease-causing organisms without affecting normal cells .
Neither entailed a great scientific challenge , but rather a vast engineering problem .
But Sarkozy 's view that the European Central Bank should be subject to political engineering upset Germany , his visit to Moscow , because Germany felt that it was being circumvented .
In Sudan , China supported a UN Security Council resolution establishing an international operation and committed 315 engineers to the UN-African Union force .
The Great Hydrogen Hope RHINECLIFF , NEW YORK -- In Jules Verne 's novel The Mysterious Island , published in 1874 , Cyrus Harding , the book 's engineer\/hero , declares that `` water will one day be employed as fuel , that hydrogen and oxygen which constitute it , used singly or together , will furnish an inexhaustible source of heat and light . ''
-LRB- Even though Dr. Khan earned his Ph. D in metallurgy , not nuclear physics or nuclear engineering , yet journalistspress reports usually refer to him as a `` nuclear scientist '' -RRB- .
Many suspect that an engineered bloodbath that leads to army intervention , and the declaration of a national emergency , could serve as a pretext to postpone the October 2007 elections .
I listened to a Sunni engineer whose association with an American construction company makes him a target for extremists , and to a translator of the Christian Mandaean minority who narrowly escaped death when the United Nations headquarters in Baghdad was bombed in August 2003 .
Europeans , meanwhile , suffer from their aversion to immigration , their children 's increasing avoidance of math , science , and engineering , and the fact that the EU is closing itself off from internal competition in services , one of the most competitive sectors in the world economy .
Europeans worry about their lack of engineers , but they do little to promote science education .
Some find it easy to recruit top-notch engineers , whereas for others enjoy an abundance of cheap labor .
Indeed , given that depreciation is a key tool for engineering a fast economic recovery , why not invite Greece to leave the eurozone ?
At the United States Federal Reserve , Paul Volcker engineered a sustained and successful process of disinflation beginning in 1979 .
The surprising strength of the German economy , with more vigorous growth than at any time in the past 15 years , is due to the dynamism of emerging-market -- particularly Chinese -- demand , not only for investment goods , engineering products , and machine tools , but also for luxury consumer products .
Given modern communications , a cover-up of the kind engineered by Mussolini in 1931 would most likely be unsustainable today .
Europeans may be more cheerful , believing that the Chinese market will open not only for European engineering products and machine tools to equip the new workshop of the world , but also for luxury goods and even the tourism demanded by a new and affluent Chinese middle class .
Schooled in economics , politics , and law , rather than engineering , they will seek to accelerate China 's rise and transformation , viewing caution as paralysis . Even now , emerging leaders argue that China is moving too slowly on economic reform and foreign-policy goals .
Since roughly 1994 , when Newt Gingrich engineered the Republican takeover of the US House of Representatives , Republicans have taken to calling themselves `` revolutionaries '' -- not a word often found on the lips of conservatives .
Soviet engineers began designing Sputnik in January 1956 .
As my father saw it , you could order scientists and engineers to work together , but you could n't force them to create something .
The plan urges world business and political leaders , including a new US president , to help redirect resources away from the speculative financial engineering at the root of today 's market crisis and into more productive , growth-generating , and job-creating investments for the future .
Berthold Huber , the head of Germany 's huge IG Metall engineering union , recently promised his rank and file `` a mega year '' for pay increases .
Opinion polls have registered a sharp fall in Morales 's popularity , with social protest of the type he once engineered now raised against him .
The chemist Dalton first gave a proof of the existence of atoms and the engineer Sadi Carnot first gave a proof of the Second Law of Thermodynamics .
According to one view , Eastern Europe was uniquely positioned to benefit from multinational companies : its workforce was well educated , especially in engineering and sciences , and was thus able to avoid the classic `` low-skills , low-wage '' trap .
A groundbreaking paper by economists Eric Bickel and Lee Lane is one of the first -- and certainly the most comprehensive -- study of the costs and benefits of climate engineering .
Bickel and Lane offer compelling evidence that a tiny investment in climate engineering might be able to reduce as much of global warming 's effects as trillions of dollars spent on carbon emission reductions .
Climate engineering has the advantage of speed .
Many methods of atmospheric engineering have been proposed .
Many of the risks of climate engineering have been overstated .
Many environmental lobbyists oppose even researching climate engineering . This is startling , given the manifold benefits .
Climate engineering could remain a back-up option in case of necessity .
Instead , the panel recommended focusing investment on research into climate engineering as a short-term response , and on non-carbon-based energy as a longer-term response .
Some proposed climate-engineering technologies -- in particular , marine cloud-whitening technology -- could be cheap , fast , and effective . -LRB- Boats would spray seawater droplets into clouds above the oceans to make them reflect more sunlight back into space , reducing warming -RRB- .
It appears that climate engineering could buy us some time , and it is time that we need if we are to make a sustainable and smooth shift away from reliance on fossil fuels .
I studied engineering , not only because I wanted a profession that might protect me from the daily political demagogy , but also because I hoped it would protect me from that essential self I had discovered on an unforgettable post-war July afternoon .
Yet the need for something drastically different and higher than the framed daily routine of an engineer and a citizen of the socialist paradise did not diminish .
In fact , Ozawa has established one of the largest financial war chests of any political party , using tactics reminiscent of Tanaka : three of Ozawa 's current and former political aides were recently arrested on charges of channeling kickbacks from civil engineering and construction firms into Ozawa 's fund-raising operation .
Behind Koizumi 's pro-reform slogans was an intra-party factional struggle with the dominant Tanaka faction , whose seemingly invincible political machine and electoral constituencies were anchored to public works involving special-interest groups , particularly civil engineering and construction firms .
Building a Safe Nanotechnology Future We are living -- according to some -- on the brink of a nanotechnology revolution , where matter is engineered at a scale thousands of times smaller than the eye can see , and familiar materials behave in unexpected ways .
The Dream of Space More than 50 years ago , visionaries like the British science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke and the German -LRB- and American -RRB- rocket engineer Wernher von Braun laid out a series of steps for the journey into space .
Around the world , clever scientists , engineers , and entrepreneurs are working to realize the remainder of the space exploration dream .
On the European side , engineering a new spirit of détente will be tough .
Its overall aim was to make the backbone of Europe 's heavy-engineering sector more competitive internationally .
On the one hand , it would condemn hundreds of millions to live in repressive Iranian - or Taliban-style theocracies . On the other hand , the idea that poverty and repression in the Islamic world are engineered from outside simply does not stand up to scrutiny .
If doctors , computer specialists , or engineers -LRB- let alone the proverbial Polish plumbers ! -RRB- were allowed to move freely , the concentration of talent in the richest countries would most likely increase .
What makes this approach to managing diarrhea feasible is Ventria 's invention of a genetic-engineering method that uses rice to produce lactoferrin and lysozyme .
Researchers at the University of California , Davis , have faced similar regulatory obstacles in attempting to produce lysozyme in the milk of genetically engineered goats .
On the contrary , neither biotechnology nor genetic engineering are new , and consumers , government , and industry all have had long , extensive , and positive experience with both .
Genetic engineering can be dated from man 's recognition that animals and crop plants can be selected and bred to enhance desired characteristics .
The worst-case scenario would be gene transfer from plants engineered for enhanced resistance to certain herbicides .
These applications of conventional biotechnology , or genetic engineering , represent monumental scientific , technological , commercial , and humanitarian successes .
The desired `` product '' of gene-splicing may be the engineered organism itself -- a bacteria to clean up oil spills , a weakened virus used as a vaccine , or a papaya tree that resists viruses -- or it may be a biosynthetic product of the cells , such as human insulin produced in bacteria , or oil expressed from seeds .
So said Dr. Victor Frankenstein when his `` creation '' was complete . Researchers have long been fascinated with trying to create life , but mainly they have had to settle for crafting variations of living organisms via mutation or other techniques of genetic engineering .
The goal of `` synthetic biology , '' as the field is known , is to move microbiology and cell biology closer to the approach of engineering , so that standardized parts can be mixed , matched , and assembled -- just as off-the-shelf chassis , engines , transmissions , and so on can be combined to build a hot-rod .
During the past half-century , genetic engineers , using increasingly powerful and precise tools and resources , have achieved breakthroughs that are opening up new opportunities in a broad array of fields .
In 2002 , a research group at the State University of New York , Stony Brook , created a functional , infectious poliovirus solely from basic , off-the-shelf chemical building blocks . Their only blueprint for engineering the genome was the known sequence of RNA -LRB- which comprises the viral genome and is chemically very similar to DNA -RRB- .
But , with increasing sophistication , genetic engineers using old and new techniques have been creating organisms with novel or enhanced properties for decades .
On the other hand , Swiss bioengineer Martin Fussenegger correctly observed that the Venter achievement `` is a technical advance , not a conceptual one . '' Other scientists noted that the organism is really only `` semi-synthetic , '' because the synthetic DNA -LRB- which comprises only about 1 % of the dry weight of the cell -RRB- was introduced into a normal , or non-synthetic , bacterium .
As contemporary authoritarian regimes learn how to manage and engineer information flows , we must understand that promoting and protecting free speech in places like China and Russia is not a simple matter of `` tearing down the wall . ''
In 1998 , Chinese - and Indian-born engineers were running one-quarter of Silicon Valley 's high-technology businesses , which accounted for $ 17.8 billion in sales , and in 2005 , foreign-born immigrants had helped start one in four American technology start-ups over the previous decade .
Each year , India produces about twice as many engineering and computing graduates as America , but The Economist reports that `` only 4.2 % are fit to work in a software product firm , and just 17.8 % are employable by an IT services company , even with six months training . ''
Back home , they practice just-in-time manufacturing , 360-degree performance evaluations -LRB- including bosses reviewed by subordinates -RRB- , and re-engineering - all with unmatched resourcefulness and purposefulness .
Hua Wei , based in Shenzhen with 14,000 employees -LRB- 70 % of whom are engineers -RRB- , makes routers and telecommunications switches at half the price of most global companies .
Zhongguancun , a former military research zone in Beijing that houses half a million scientists and engineers , is popular with American high-tech companies .
When Chu gave speeches on energy and climate change at Tsinghua University , China 's most elite institution for science and engineering -LRB- where his parents had been students -RRB- , and then at Tianjin University -LRB- where his grandfather was once President -RRB- , he was received with enormous enthusiasm , overflow crowds , and standing ovations .
To try to compensate for these perturbed weather patterns , Chinese officialdom has launched an unprecedented array of costly projects . These include the titanic $ 55 billion South-North Water Transfer Project , a massive engineering effort to construct three canals to bring water from China 's normally wet south to its arid north ; a widespread campaign to dig ever-deeper wells ; a nationwide tree-planting campaign ; and even an extensive effort at `` weather modification . ''
If true , China will never resolve droughts such as the current one in Guizhou by itself , regardless of how many large-scale engineering projects the government undertakes , or how well organized remedial efforts are .
Cut Now , Save Later WASHINGTON , DC -- Central banks around the world have finally reacted to the global financial crisis by engineering a coordinated half-point interest-rate cut .
None of this excuses BP 's engineering mistakes and woeful public diplomacy .
The novel 's readers will not have been astonished by the ease with which the rotting hulk of Hosni Mubarak 's regime was dashed against the rocks , nor by the spirit and courage of those who engineered this extraordinary piece of history .
Europe , while afraid of illegal migration , needs foreign labor for its own demographic reasons -- not least young engineers , technical staff , doctors , and health-care workers .
Subsequent investigation revealed that the structure , the longest of its kind , simply pushed the limits of railroad-bridge engineering too far .
Within four months of its opening , the bridge was destroyed by winds in a manner totally unanticipated by its engineers .
What should have been a mere extension of the millennia-old art of building pedestrian bridges , proved to be a modern engineering embarrassment .
They noted the cyclical regularity of such occurrences and speculated that it represented a gap in communications between generations of engineers .
Each used technology that engineers had been confidently employing for bridges , and for which the assumed loads and methods of analysis were well established . In every case , engineers believed that they were just building incrementally on successful practice .
This was known to Vitruvius , who wrote about Greek and Roman engineering more than 2,000 years ago .
It was also known to Galileo , who noted that Renaissance engineers who followed successful methods of building ships and moving obelisks were often surprised by the spontaneous failures when tried with larger ships and obelisks .
When the failures described above occurred , engineers were sensitized to their own limitations and so approached subsequent designs - no matter of what kind of bridge - with renewed respect for the laws and forces of nature .
Unfortunately , human memory fades with time , and new generations of engineers with no vivid experience of past failures can proceed with hubris to design again beyond wise limits .
The history of engineering is no mere adjunct to technical know-how .
A historical perspective on bridge building or any other engineering specialty provides a caveat about how our humanity affects our thinking .
Building a novel bridge , especially in the wake of a spectacular failure , forces engineers to think from scratch and also to think more deeply and critically .
Whether there will be a major cable-stayed bridge failure soon - or around the year 2030 - will most likely depend not so much on computer analyses as on how well engineers know their history and are determined not to repeat it .
Unless you are an expert on space engineering and imaging software , you may have some trouble at that point .
One reason is that such crops rely on research tools used in molecular biology , including genetic engineering .
African governments have been told that genetic engineering is dangerous , with many Europeans and their national governments -- as well as transnational NGOs such as Greenpeace -- determined to stay away from it .
Opponents of genetic engineering in food and agriculture have several arguments , none of which appears to be valid .
First , `` genetic engineering can not solve the hunger and food insecurity problem . '' This is correct : GM foods can not singlehandedly solve the problem , but they can be an important part of the solution .
But private corporations undertake only about half of all agricultural research , whether or not it involves genetic engineering .
Business ethics has always had problems that are distinct from those of other professions , such as medicine , law , engineering , dentistry , or nursing .
With the help of some loyal -LRB- and foreign -RRB- engineers and enough new workers to replace strikers , the government kept the oil flowing , securing the resources needed to maintain the loyalty of mercenary forces who would otherwise have gone over to the opposition .
Positive watersheds -- opportunities to engineer seismic shifts in international or regional political affairs through nation-building , or to use economic and military assistance to prevent plausible negative watersheds -- demand an equal level of commitment .
As long as choice engineering tricks us into making choices that our own more deliberate self would make , they say , manipulation is justifiable .
If this is the case , who is to decide in what areas individuals can be fairly nudged by social engineers ?
Chinese universities now graduate more than 1.5 million engineers and scientists annually .
All countries that have successfully globalized have used such policies , many of which -LRB- e.g. , subsidies , domestic-content rules , reverse engineering of patented products -RRB- are currently not allowed under WTO rules .
The truth lies closer to Paul Volcker 's view that for most people the automated teller machine -LRB- ATM -RRB- has brought bigger benefits than any financially-engineered bond .
Short of dropping out of the eurozone , the only real option available to Greece , Spain , and the others to boost competitiveness is to engineer a one-time across-the-board reduction in nominal wages and prices for utilities and services .
It was hard work engineering a five-trillion-dollar deterioration in America 's fiscal position .
Unfortunately , no one , certainly not in Asia or the United States , seems willing to bite the bullet and help engineer the necessary coordinated retreat to sustained sub-trend growth , which is necessary so that new commodity supplies and alternatives can catch up .
Back in the early 1980 's , financial engineers invented `` portfolio insurance , '' a fancy active hedging strategy for controlling downside risk .
The new plan relies on a questionable mix of dubious financial-engineering gimmicks and vague promises of modest Asian funding .
Concern that the levees might break in the midst of a powerful hurricane was widespread among scientists , engineers , and emergency-preparedness experts .
Scientists and engineers who work on climate change stress that governments need to adopt two main responses .
On a crowded planet with threats to our climate , oceans , forests , food production , and water supply , and with global travel and high population densities increasing the risk of worldwide disease epidemics , we must turn to the best of our scientific and engineering knowledge to find a safe passage .
But the world 's scientists and engineers , as well as global technology leaders such as General Electric , are also sending a clear message : we can solve the problem at modest cost if we put our best thinking and action into real solutions .
Mastering the subject requires expertise in many scientific fields , including climatology , oceanography , atmospheric chemistry , ecology , engineering , politics , and economics .
Automobiles can be engineered for much greater mileage through hybrid technology combining battery power and gasoline .
According to the best economic and engineering estimates , if each key economic sector develops and adopts environmentally sound technologies in the coming decades , the world will be able to reduce carbon emissions dramatically for less than 1 % of annual global income , thereby avoiding long-term damage that would cost far more .
All of this will take time , costly investments , and lots of collaboration between scientists and engineers in universities , government laboratories , and private businesses .
We will need to embrace global goals and then establish scientific , engineering , and political processes to support their achievement .
This will be an exciting time to be a scientist or engineer facing the challenges of sustainable development .
The key CCS technologies have already been developed ; it is time to move from engineering blueprints to real demonstration power plants .
Scientists and engineers have developed many powerful ways to address today 's challenges , whether growing food , controlling diseases , or protecting the environment .
Water ministries are typically staffed with engineers and generalist civil servants .
Yet lasting solutions to water challenges require a broad range of expert knowledge about climate , ecology , farming , population , engineering , economics , community politics , and local cultures .
The switchover to new technologies is not mainly a matter of negotiation but of engineering , planning , financing , and incentives .
The competition is fierce to attract the project , and usually involves tax breaks , commitments on infrastructure , and even promises about the engineering curriculum in the local university .
This process , called `` carbon capture and disposal , '' is being pursued by some of the world 's leading engineers .
Even if China can engineer this , it implies an immediate outflow from the workforce , with the benefits lagging by 25 years .
Beyond this , more financial engineering is needed to draw upon the creativity of financial markets .
Instead , public servants now appear to be in cahoots with Wall Street to engineer an artificial aura of profitability .
Seed scarcity is directly caused by seed monopolies , which have as their ultimate weapon a `` terminator '' seed that is engineered for sterility .
With the coming of globalization , seed companies were allowed to sell seeds for which the companies had certified their safety . In the case of genetically engineered seed , these companies are again seeking self-regulation for bio-safety .
This was a period when Monsanto and its Indian partner , Mahyco , were also carrying out illegal field experiments with genetically engineered Bt cotton .
All imports and field trials of genetically engineered organisms in India are governed by a provision of the Environment Protection Act called the `` Rules for the Manufacture Use , Import , Export , and Storage of Hazardous Microorganisms , Genetically Engineered Organisms , or Cells . ''
At the start , the technology for engineering Bt genes into cotton was aimed primarily at controlling pests .
Brian Tucker , founder of the non-profit organization Geohazards International , urges that 10 % of the money raised by relief efforts should be set aside for mitigating damage from future earthquakes : training builders , improving engineering , and making the public more aware of the risks and how to reduce them .
The signs of the fading miracle became visible when Japanese competitors and other Asian Tigers succeeded in wiping out substantial parts of Germany 's labor-intensive textile , optical products , and precision engineering industries .
The automobile and electrical engineering industries have been at the forefront of the bazaar economy .
But consider the way in which the term `` debt '' -LRB- the original sin against God , with Satan as the great loan shark -RRB- has become `` leverage , '' a metaphor from engineering that has turned the classical injunction against `` getting into debt '' into a virtual duty to be `` highly leveraged . ''
A stimulus is a government-engineered boost to total spending .
An open society will never be created or sustained by righteous entrepreneurs or be the mere byproduct of political engineering .
International support could help educate 40,000 Afghans each year in urgently needed fields , such as engineering , management , agriculture , law , and economics .
The EU was brought into existence by a process of piecemeal social engineering -- the method Popper considered appropriate to an open society -- directed by a far-sighted , purposeful elite who recognized that perfection is unattainable .
NEW YORK -- The European Union was brought into existence by what Karl Popper called piecemeal social engineering .
In the face of Western and , in particular , American skepticism about South Africa 's failure , and that of the Africa Union , to engineer an acceptable outcome to the Zimbabwean crisis , money may not be forthcoming .
By contrast , the shortage in SSA of scientific , technical , and administrative skills , such as those of engineers , natural scientists , managers , and technicians , is a key reason why the East Asian `` miracle '' could not be reproduced there .
For example , while the benefits of many of the financial-engineering innovations of recent years are hard to prove , let alone quantify , the costs associated with them -- both economic and social -- are apparent and enormous .
Indeed , financial engineering did not create products that would help ordinary citizens manage the simple risk of home ownership -- with the consequence that millions have lost their homes , and millions more are likely to do so .
One proposed solution is for these countries to engineer the equivalent of a devaluation -- a uniform decrease in wages .
But then the US Federal Reserve hid these weaknesses by engineering a housing bubble that led to a consumption boom .
This is mostly a matter of engineering , not politics .
America is producing fewer engineers than China and India , and , even if engineers from those developing countries are at some disadvantage , either because of training or location , that disadvantage is more than offset by wage differentials .
American and rich country engineers and computer specialists will either have to accept a wage cut and\/or they will be forced into unemployment and\/or to seek other employment - almost surely at lower wages .
If America 's highly trained engineers and computer specialists are unable to withstand the onslaught of outsourcing , what about those who are even less trained ?
But a majority of even highly training engineers and scientists are involved in what is called `` ordinary science , '' the important , day-to-day improvements in technology that are the basis of long-term increases in productivity - and it is not clear that America has a long-term competitive advantage here .
Ma 's strategy suits China , whose leaders welcome being able to avoid confrontation with Taiwan , given their current focus on engineering their country 's `` peaceful rise . ''
Turkey was able not only to defuse the international tensions surrounding its Arab neighbor , but also to engineer the start of direct talks between Syria and Israel .
Some two-thirds of Iranian industry , most of it state controlled , relies on German engineering exports , 65 % of which in 2005 came with export credit insurance guarantees from the German government .
Its tech-savvy information-technology pioneers , software engineers , and call-center operators have made the country an economic success story .
Likewise , when Americans speak of the IITs , India 's technology institutes , with the same reverence they accord to MIT , and the `` Indianness '' of engineers and software developers is taken as synonymous with mathematical and scientific excellence , India gains in respect .
There are dozens of Chinese engineers working in -LRB- and learning from -RRB- Indian computer firms and engineering companies , while Indian software engineers support the Chinese telecoms equipment manufacturer Huawei .
This is all the more true as Asian universities turn out vast numbers of engineers and other knowledge workers who are just as qualified as their European colleagues , and as brilliant in technical design as they are in optimizing the manufacturing process .
The dollar depreciation engineered by the US Federal Reserve seems an appealing proposition from the American standpoint , but the economies of Latin America can not and should not bear the burden of dollar realignment .
The best brains in Russia -- engineers , scientists , and inventors -- will gather in one place , and from there begin moving the country forward .
The preceding phase envisages only providing the existing AU force with extra logistical support from non-African countries , such as engineers from China .
Scientists and engineers are being produced at rates comparable or higher than in the past , and , while few non-science students find their required science courses enjoyable or useful , that is considered to be inherent to the subject .
Towards a Green Nanotechnology The advent of nanotechnology , the branch of engineering that seeks to build objects molecule by molecule -- indeed , atom by atom -- has evoked futuristic images of self-replicating `` nanobots '' that perform surgery , or that convert the planet into a mass of `` gray goo '' as they consume everything in sight .
The LHC is a magnificent engineering project , whose many `` gee-whiz '' features have been widely reported .
WASHINGTON , DC -- For decades , research universities in the United States have been universally acknowledged as the world 's leaders in science and engineering , unsurpassed since World War II in the sheer volume and excellence of the scholarship and innovation that they generate .
During a 2008 campaign stop , for instance , then-candidate Barack Obama spoke in alarmed tones about the threat that such academic competition poses to US competitiveness . `` If we want to keep on building the cars of the future here in America , '' he declared , `` we ca n't afford to see the number of PhDs in engineering climbing in China , South Korea , and Japan even as it 's dropped here in America . ''
But the most shocking aspect of the move is that arts and humanities departments will be targeted more aggressively than science and engineering , which are supposedly better for business .
A modern society does need educated people : not just engineers , chemists , and doctors , but millions of people who can write coherent letters , fill in complicated forms , explain insurance policies , and interpret statistical data from machines on factory floors .
The prime minister himself is regularly televised with relevant officials wearing the work fatigues common among Japanese engineers .
The country is also home to thriving communities of scientists and engineers specializing in nuclear and solar energy , software encryption , coal-to-oil conversion and even electric cars .
A small number of African engineers and professionals earn much more , and receive periodic training in advanced technologies .
Africa boasts the world 's fastest-growing market for wireless telephony , and Huawei -- with offices in 14 African countries -- is running away with the business , sending scores of engineers into the bush to bring a new generation of low-cost technology to some of the planet 's poorest people .
Well , not quite . Across sub-Saharan Africa , engineers from India -- armed with appropriate technologies honed in their home market -- are also making their mark .
There are roughly 2,000 African students in China , most of whom are pursuing engineering and science courses .
According to Juma , that number is expected to double over the next two years , making China `` Africa 's leading destination for science and engineering education . ''
Chinese and Indian engineers hail from places that have much more in common with nitty-gritty Africa than comfortable Silicon Valley or Cambridge .
He is part of the proud generation that defeated apartheid -- and then peacefully engineered a transition to durable black-majority rule . Their achievement remains one of the greatest in recent history .
