The constitution envisages further expanding the parliament 's important functions , both legislative and budgetary , in partnership with the member states .
By controlling the mass media -- television first and foremost -- the leaders in such counties lack the ability to envisage and calculate possible risks .
The institutional structure envisaged by the proposed European Constitution should also reflect and help develop Europe 's broader aspirations .
The December 11-12 European Council should signal clearly the timetable envisaged for re-opening the Lisbon Treaty 's ratification process . Failure to do so would bring the risk of still greater political problems after next June 's European elections .
The third failure -- even more tragic -- occurred in 1947-48 , when Palestinian Arabs rejected the United Nations partition plan , which envisaged separate Arab and Jewish states after the departure of the British .
The relatively homogeneous society envisaged by its founders has fragmented into a tense multi-ethnic tapestry comprising secular Jews , an alienated Arab minority , a prolific ultra-orthodox community living on state allowances , religious nationalists bent on a Messianic brand of Zionism , immigrants from the former Soviet Union , marginalized Ethiopians , and Oriental Jews still struggling to join the middle class .
The Initiative also envisages the promotion of regional defense reforms and the improvement of interoperability among military forces in the region .
Even milestone documents such as the Single European Act and the Treaties of Maastricht , Amsterdam , and Nice , were never envisaged as achieving the kind of permanence -LRB- or even semi-permanence -RRB- that we normally associate with a constitution .
It could also help the Bush Administration to come up with a more convincing procedure than the one presently envisaged for honoring the President 's vow to bring the perpetrators of September 11
The second set of issues has to do with the conditions envisaged at the end of whatever action is taken .
There were also signals emanating from Iran that , having , having mastered uranium enrichment technology , the authorities could envisage continuing enrichment in a third country in a joint consortium with the West .
Eastern Europe 's transformation after 1989 took a lot longer and was much more costly than originally envisaged .
As the financial crisis has shown , it is also the process that enables us to increase our understanding and ultimately to envisage a new world .
Moreover , it generated mass social protests , which the government evidently had not envisaged .
But the problem with `` ruling couples '' -- in Argentina and , perhaps , throughout the world -- is that no law or democratic constitution could envisage them .
But that planned monetary union , until recently envisaged to be launched in 2009 , has now been put on ice .
The Copenhagen agreement envisages the world 's industrialized nations financing emissions reduction and other necessary adjustments in developing countries through a $ 30 billion aid package , which will rise to $ 100 billion between now and 2020 .
The military reorganization that the NDPO envisages is far-reaching .
The new role the US envisages is closely tied to the profound destabilization brought about by the proliferation of incompetent states .
He was chosen for his unquestioning loyalty , and it is difficult to envisage Putin playing second fiddle to a man who has been his underling for 18 years .
But how does the European Union envisage using these investments to shape its future ?
It is now easy to envisage extremist groups and individuals killing millions without government help
But now it is easy to envisage deviant groups and\/or individuals killing millions without state support .
As one Indian strategist put it to me during a recent visit , `` By 2030 , we envisage the US , China , and India as the three largest powers in world politics .
America is a magnet , and many people can envisage themselves as Americans , because many successful Americans look like people in other countries .
A practical way forward here is to establish a `` European Security Council '' to operate as a steering committee between the EU Council -LRB- which will have an unwieldy 25 members after this May 's expansion -RRB- and the future European Foreign Minister envisaged by the draft constitution .
Here , a vital step would be for the West to begin to envisage Iran as a potential alternative supplier of gas , by offering to link Iran to the proposed White Stream and Nabucco pipelines that are currently under development to bring Central Asian gas to Europe .
America 's financial difficulties and foreign entanglements , together with China 's economic ascent , led many last year to envisage the emergence of a sort of global condominium between the two countries .
In a smaller sphere of operations , the ECS envisages economic development in Cambodia , Laos , Myanmar , and Vietnam .
There is an urgent need to reform global institutions -- and more dramatically than envisaged by the G-20 thus far .
Indeed , China wants a strong and independent Europe , and from that vantage point it is not too early for China to envisage a truly multi-polar global system .
In Palestinian eyes , the wall is a unilateral measure that creates facts on the ground and short-circuits the timing and effectiveness of so-called `` permanent status '' negotiations , which are envisaged in the third phase of the roadmap .
The Lisbon Treaty envisages the EU as a highly outward-looking entity on the international stage .
Nor do these official responses to the crisis envisage limiting the amount of loans to some multiple of the borrowers ' income or some proportion of the value of the property being bought .
Of course , it is not very difficult to envisage the voluntary reincorporation of the ethnic Russian populations of Belarus , eastern Ukraine , and northern Kazakhstan into the Russian Federation -- but only in a context in which Russia emerges as a true regional leader on a par with the EU .
Alternatively -LRB- or coincidentally -RRB- , Russia might discover a new business center of gravity in Central Asia and East Asia , though this would hardly be the `` liberal empire '' that Anatoli Chubais once envisaged , for it would be based on the mutual attraction of autocrats .
An ambitious Financial Services Action Plan - launched in 1999 to bring about a single European wholesale market , open and secure retail markets , and state-of-the-art prudential rules and supervision - envisaged 42 measures to be implemented by 2003-2005 .
But those lessons imply reforms that are more far-reaching than Chirac is ever likely to envisage .
Fiscal rules of the type envisaged -LRB- and a new body to enforce them -RRB- would not necessarily require a treaty change .
Most eurozone members are now in breach of the Pact , yet none has been subjected to the penalties envisaged by its architects .
The preceding phase envisages only providing the existing AU force with extra logistical support from non-African countries , such as engineers from China .
At the same time , the complex chain of command envisaged for an AU-UN force recalls some of the worst features of NATO-UN operations in the former Yugoslavia during the 1990 's .
But , while the euro 's international role -- especially its use in financial markets -- has increased since its inception , it is hard to envisage it overtaking the dollar as the dominant reserve currency in the foreseeable future .
But one can envisage a system in which international reserves are held each in roughly equal shares of dollars , euros -LRB- assuming a further gradual increase in its share -RRB- , and SDRs .
We also envisage detailed neighborhood planning aimed at adding more public space .
The Treaty envisages the construction of each pillar through a matching series of steps taken by both nuclear weapon states and non-nuclear weapon states .
In effect , the resolution envisaged reversing Hezbollah 's gains and ignores the deep changes that have occurred in Lebanese society , most importantly the Shia community 's growing self-confidence .
