The institutional structure envisaged by the proposed European Constitution should also reflect and help develop Europe 's broader aspirations .
The December 11-12 European Council should signal clearly the timetable envisaged for re-opening the Lisbon Treaty 's ratification process . Failure to do so would bring the risk of still greater political problems after next June 's European elections .
The third failure -- even more tragic -- occurred in 1947-48 , when Palestinian Arabs rejected the United Nations partition plan , which envisaged separate Arab and Jewish states after the departure of the British .
The relatively homogeneous society envisaged by its founders has fragmented into a tense multi-ethnic tapestry comprising secular Jews , an alienated Arab minority , a prolific ultra-orthodox community living on state allowances , religious nationalists bent on a Messianic brand of Zionism , immigrants from the former Soviet Union , marginalized Ethiopians , and Oriental Jews still struggling to join the middle class .
Even milestone documents such as the Single European Act and the Treaties of Maastricht , Amsterdam , and Nice , were never envisaged as achieving the kind of permanence -LRB- or even semi-permanence -RRB- that we normally associate with a constitution .
It could also help the Bush Administration to come up with a more convincing procedure than the one presently envisaged for honoring the President 's vow to bring the perpetrators of September 11
The second set of issues has to do with the conditions envisaged at the end of whatever action is taken .
Eastern Europe 's transformation after 1989 took a lot longer and was much more costly than originally envisaged .
Moreover , it generated mass social protests , which the government evidently had not envisaged .
But that planned monetary union , until recently envisaged to be launched in 2009 , has now been put on ice .
A practical way forward here is to establish a `` European Security Council '' to operate as a steering committee between the EU Council -LRB- which will have an unwieldy 25 members after this May 's expansion -RRB- and the future European Foreign Minister envisaged by the draft constitution .
There is an urgent need to reform global institutions -- and more dramatically than envisaged by the G-20 thus far .
In Palestinian eyes , the wall is a unilateral measure that creates facts on the ground and short-circuits the timing and effectiveness of so-called `` permanent status '' negotiations , which are envisaged in the third phase of the roadmap .
Alternatively -LRB- or coincidentally -RRB- , Russia might discover a new business center of gravity in Central Asia and East Asia , though this would hardly be the `` liberal empire '' that Anatoli Chubais once envisaged , for it would be based on the mutual attraction of autocrats .
An ambitious Financial Services Action Plan - launched in 1999 to bring about a single European wholesale market , open and secure retail markets , and state-of-the-art prudential rules and supervision - envisaged 42 measures to be implemented by 2003-2005 .
Fiscal rules of the type envisaged -LRB- and a new body to enforce them -RRB- would not necessarily require a treaty change .
Most eurozone members are now in breach of the Pact , yet none has been subjected to the penalties envisaged by its architects .
At the same time , the complex chain of command envisaged for an AU-UN force recalls some of the worst features of NATO-UN operations in the former Yugoslavia during the 1990 's .
In effect , the resolution envisaged reversing Hezbollah 's gains and ignores the deep changes that have occurred in Lebanese society , most importantly the Shia community 's growing self-confidence .
