In recent weeks European defense ministers suggested that increases in military expenditures should be excluded from the budget constraints imposed by the Euro stability pact .
Most Turks do n't want to see their country excluded from the West , but if the EU spurns them while speeding up entry for weaker candidates , Turkey may come to feel sufficiently strong and embittered to strike out on a new geo-political course .
During its transition period -LRB- 1988-1991 -RRB- , Algeria 's secularists crafted a pluralist constitution that excluded religious parties .
A governmental commitment to exclude derivative creditors from any safety net extended when financial institutions fail would reduce future costs to taxpayers from cases like AIG .
When boundaries were negotiated for Three Parallel Rivers Park -- designated a UNESCO World Heritage site in 2003 -- local authorities won a fight to exclude Tiger Leaping Gorge , knowing that a dam there would triple tax revenues .
A democracy that excludes religion from public life entirely , à la France , can not work in Egypt .
The conference ground rules exclude radical forces -- Syria and Hamas -- thus encouraging them to persist in their role as spoilers .
In practice , de-Baathification has excluded thousands of Iraqis -- most of them Sunnis who joined the party during the Saddam era only to secure good jobs -- from the country 's political and economic life .
Sunnis must be persuaded that neither their minority status nor former membership in Saddam Hussein 's Ba'ath Party will exclude them from political and economic life .
His `` decisive struggle against dictatorship '' -- and determined opposition to any deal with Bhutto that excludes him -- will intensify .
In June , a consortium led by Pinchuk and Rinat Akhmetov , a Donetsk magnate , bought a stateâ € ` owned steelworks in an auction allegedly rigged to specifically exclude foreign bidders offering two or three times as much .
`` I do n't exclude investigations of the clans behind Medvedchuk or Yanukovich , but the rest of business wants clear rules , '' he says .
The identity of Bolivia 's indigenous people , who were historically excluded from political , social , and economic life , is beginning to be seen as a synonym for confrontation , violence , and ethnic aggressiveness .
Indeed , after ten years of uninterrupted macroeconomic stability -- something Mexico had not experienced since the 1960 's -- the middle class has expanded dramatically , and reasonably priced bank credit is now available to millions who had been excluded in the past .
Free Trade with a Human Face MEXICO CITY -- Although many Americans believe immigration is a domestic issue that should be excluded from talks with other governments , this is not a view held by other nations -- or by the United States .
As its name suggests , Unasur 's main raison d'être is to exclude Canada , the US , and Mexico -LRB- in contrast to the Organization of American States -RRB- .
The quick-tempered twins took issue with the reform treaty 's proposed voting system for the Council of Ministers , and then stole the limelight from papacy with their own homophobic declarations , proclamations that seem to exclude any possibility of integrating the EU 's Charter of Rights into Poland 's domestic law .
Like the Palestinians , however , the MILF is riven by factions , and its leaders can not , or will not , exclude terrorists from areas that they control .
But France 's efforts to shore up solidarity by insisting on laïcité and erecting a dam against Muslim immigrants are both ineffective and counter-productive , because they exclude from a sense of fully belonging to the nation many people who are actually in France already .
Almost everywhere , globalization has produced both a new class of multi-millionaires and an underclass comprising people who are not just poor in the statistical sense of earning less than half the national average , but who are excluded from opportunities that are supposed to be open to all .
They dislike the business leaders who take home huge sums even when they fail , and they hate to see poor and excluded people in their midst .
Tony Blair wants Britain to join the Euro , because he does not want to be excluded from the European core .
This may be a reaction to the American-led war in Iraq ; but Tony Blair will exclude it precisely for that reason , and a common European defense policy without Britain makes little sense .
In other parts of the economy , where we see excess returns , we usually look for some weakness in competition , or perhaps for the exploitation of insider information , which excludes new entrants .
Widely publicized studies in the early 1990 's touting their safety excluded business users .
Unlike European leaders such as Joschka Fischer , Germany 's Foreign Minister , the US excludes the Israeli-Arab conflict from the initiative , and wants to concentrate solely on the social and economic problems that feed extremism and terrorism in the Islamic world .
Military options should always be a last resort , but they ca n't be excluded in extreme cases , and Libya is as extreme as it gets .
Coercive military action was allowed to take two forms : `` all necessary measures '' to enforce a no-fly zone , and `` all necessary measures ... to protect civilians and civilian populated areas under threat of attack . '' Boots on the ground -- `` a foreign occupation force '' -- were expressly excluded .
A strategy of isolation has resulted in a dangerous alliance of convenience among extremist forces excluded from political processes and power structures .
When inventory accumulation is excluded , first-quarter growth of `` final sales '' was just 0.8 % in annual terms -- and 0.2 % compared to the fourth quarter of 2009 .
Even a global depression can not be excluded in the face of this fundamental crisis .
As a result , the G-8 , which excludes the most important emerging-market countries , has lost its significance for good .
Indeed , in the wake of the Greek crisis , Merkel spoke publicly of the need to be able to exclude eurozone members that do not play by the rules .
European spending on export refunds has declined considerably in recent years -- from 30 % of agricultural expenditure in the early 1990 's to less than 1 % today -LRB- if rural development is excluded -RRB- .
When his trial began , the prosecution tried to exclude Hamdan from the room during the testimony of a witness against him . The government wanted to protect its sources .
Agreements about how to make things better already frequently include NGOs and corporations in various capacities -- and sometimes exclude governments altogether .
For our commitment to the universality of human rights forms but one part of the complex context of a universal civilization , from which an understanding of the other elements of modern societies - economic justice and political democracy - can not be excluded .
Preserving national integrity is a universal principle of peace from which Serbia should not be excluded .
Indeed , though supposedly grouping the world 's largest economies , the G8 now includes a country with an economy the size of Holland 's , even if it is still excluded from deliberations of the other members ' finance ministers .
If you exclude the cosseted army of public-sector workers , the rate approaches 15 % .
Other explanations exclude perceived distance .
Now that a raucous regional situation is being joined to a raucous American election season -LRB- where no issue is excluded from the political arena -RRB- , the task of assembling these components will be even more difficult .
Yet , comparable symptoms that arise after , say , dissolution of a romantic relationship , loss of a job , or diagnosis of a life-threatening illness are not excluded from diagnosis of disorders .
So , while we helped the neediest , we excluded others who were not poor enough to benefit .
If implemented , the German proposal would most likely exclude behavior that involves acceptable risk , as well as sidelining those who take wild and inappropriate decisions .
Today , the debate is over `` core inflation , '' which excludes food and energy prices because they are too volatile .
In fact , as Acemoglu points out , the powerful private-sector players consistently tried to marginalize Fannie and Freddie and exclude them from rapidly expanding market segments .
In these cases , women are often the victims . They might be excluded from participation in informal networks , or have limited influence in appropriating the accrued benefits of collective action .
Clerics know that if Khamenei weakens , Ahmadinejad 's circle can manipulate widespread anti-clerical resentment and exclude them from power .
The test of China 's intentions is whether its growing economic and , yes , military capacities will be used to seek to establish Asian hegemony by working to exclude America from the region and preventing regional partnerships from flourishing .
I have not excluded men a priori in this exercise , but none occurred to me , and in any case the EU establishment has too many middle-aged white men as it is .
Solidarity can not be achieved when our most important institutions are excluded .
Who will be included or excluded ?
All of the spending cuts come from the `` discretionary '' part of the federal budget , which excludes Social Security , Medicare , the Medicaid program for the poor , and interest on the national debt .
Women are excluded from collective decision-making , as they are mere objects .
They know that their cities are also vulnerable to urban violence , in so far as they have pockets of social inequality , including marginalized and excluded young people .
Indeed , Hatoyama has announced his rudimentary vision of building an East Asian community that excludes the US .
But it strains the imagination to link Africa 's colonial-era pains with the willingness of African leaders to spend a fortune to equip their countries with state-of-the-art settlement systems , and then proceed to exclude their citizens from using them .
But Gbagbo refused to denounce the tribal\/religious chauvinism that excluded Ouattara and millions of Ivoirian northerners from full citizenship rights .
Overcoming Africa 's North-South Divide The late President Mobutu Sese Seko of former Zaire once declared that the North African countries , which pride themselves on their Arabic descent , should be excluded from the then Organization of African Unity .
Diversity must be a source of richness , not antagonism , and countries that favor the latter must be excluded .
Rather , it is only by respecting our diversity -- ensuring that each social group enjoys a shared sense of belonging , rather than feeling marginalized and excluded -- that the state 's unity and peace can be guaranteed .
Indeed , although painful , acceptance of Western values by a society excluded for centuries from European history has gained momentum despite the fact that we often see ourselves as different from Western nations .
Unfortunately , because the discussion has so far been dominated by moral panic over the state of sports , many ethical considerations and important questions have been excluded .
The only way to avoid this undesirable result is credibly to exclude all support for shareholders and creditors of a financial institution heading toward bankruptcy .
Are they to be permanently excluded ?
By withdrawing from NATO 's integrated military command , France excluded itself from political decision-making within the Alliance and thus became the equivalent of the `` Harkis '' -- the local soldiers who served with the French army during the Algerian war : fine soldiers , but with virtually no reward for their service .
Britain has largely excluded itself from any leadership role in Europe .
In contrast to negative laïcité , which according to Sarkozy `` excludes and denounces , '' laïcité positive invites `` dialogue '' and recognizes the social benefits of religion .
The real question is whether states purposefully target or even exclude certain groups -- while ostensibly applying universal standards .
Moreover , in much of Europe , Jews had long been excluded from most of the established economy of land ownership , and from many other fields that were reserved for Christians .
The international community must understand that the political benefits of not alienating the old elite while offering new opportunities to traditionally excluded groups outweigh the financial cost .
In December , Malaysia will host an East Asian meeting that deliberately excludes the United States .
Of course , pure public goods are rare . Most only partially approach the ideal case of clean air , where none can be excluded and all can benefit simultaneously .
Books predicted a Japanese-led Pacific bloc that would exclude the US , and even an eventual war between the two countries .
As a result , China will find it more difficult to exclude the US from Asia 's security arrangements .
Reminding voters of the potentially catastrophic cost of being excluded , not just from core parts of the Single Market , but from the vital decision-making structures in the Council of Ministers and the European Central Bank , reinforces what is at stake in a second referendum campaign .
When voters are reminded of the potentially catastrophic cost of being excluded , not just from the Single Market area , but from the decision-making structures in the Council of Ministers and the European Central Bank , what is at stake in the referendum becomes clear .
Can Canada keep its place while Russia and Brazil are excluded ?
They become soulless bodies , and the moral circle closes in to exclude them .
This , of course , would be an issue only with open pollinating plants , and only if the definition of `` organically produced '' excludes GM , something that is difficult to justify , since genes are as organic as anything .
Restrictive legal rules in some countries exclude migrants from using official banking systems unless they have the necessary legal status .
Thanks to them , millions of poorer and hitherto excluded families became homeowners , investors made high returns , and financial intermediaries pocketed the fees and commissions .
But , because the official statistics capture mostly sales by larger retailers and exclude the fall in sales by hundreds of thousands of smaller stores and businesses that have failed , consumption looks better than it really is .
And one can not exclude the possibility of an Israeli military strike on Iran in the next 12 months .
Backroom lobbying by powerful corporations now dominates policymaking negotiations , from which the public is excluded .
A national economy that is excluded by sanctions is likely to stagnate or even collapse .
In Lebanon 's post-war parliament , seats are widely distributed among the various confessional communities , so that none feels excluded or fears losing political representation if it loses numerical superiority .
It must accept the idea of a long-term international redistribution policy to assist those who are excluded from the benefits of globalization , and give itself the means to implement this ambitious policy .
First , dictatorship itself is ugly and unacceptable ; second , secular dictatorship excludes Islamic parties from participating normally in the political system .
Of course , even looking at these countries entails selection bias , for it excludes countries without price data for much of the twentieth century , notably China and Russia , where communist revolutions terminated the stock markets , resulting in -100 % returns for investors .
Darnton 's plan falls short of a universal library , because works in print and in copyright would be excluded ; but he believes that Congress might grant a non-commercial public library the right to digitize orphan books .
On the contrary , Article 125 of the Maastricht Treaty explicitly excludes bailouts , stating that neither the Union nor its member states are liable for the commitments of EU governments .
Neither Russia nor China , of course , would be invited to join : indeed , McCain wants to exclude Russia from the G8 .
The International Energy Agency admits only OECD countries , which excludes China , the largest energy consumer .
For the US , sympathy for Arab publics yearning for freedom can not exclude compassion for Palestinians dreaming of lives of dignity , which for them includes ending the occupation .
The truth that politicians -LRB- David Cameron 's UK government excluded , at least for now -RRB- are reluctant to admit is that Western Europe 's current morass is distinct from the global US-made downturn . Old Europe has entered into a severe and intractable crisis of the welfare state as ordinary Europeans have come to know it .
The ideological weakness and division of the left will not , of course , exclude them from power .
The IMF has required that Brazil run a `` primary surplus '' -LRB- i.e. interest on government debt is excluded in the budget calculations -RRB- of 3.75 % on its budget .
The Judeo-Christian custom of burial is rapidly being replaced - not by the ritual of an Indian pyre , but by a crematorium , i.e. , the destruction of a corpse by means of high-temperature machines , a procedure from which the public is excluded .
Many Uzbeks , Turkmens , and even some Tajiks , feel excluded .
Many young second-generation immigrants are virtually excluded from the labor market .
The poor minorities that remain excluded are provided with some social assistance .
Indeed , economic development nowadays requires more than thinking only of the poverty line ; one must also think of the high-speed digital line , the fiber-optic line -- indeed , all the lines that exclude those who are not plugged into the possibilities of our world .
This belief system did not , of course , exclude the possibility of market intervention .
But the belief system of regulators and policymakers in the most financially advanced centers tended to exclude the possibility that rational profit-seeking by professional market participants might generate rent-seeking behavior and financial instability rather than social benefit -- even though several economists had clearly shown why that could happen .
Russia sees its relations with Iran as a means to leverage its influence in wider Middle East diplomacy , where the US has successfully sought to exclude the Kremlin from influence since the end of the Cold War .
But that trade should reflect Ukraine 's competing with the world , unconstrained by a private deal that excludes outsiders and their demands for a stable and predictable legal environment and the best business practices .
American START negotiators argued with their Russian colleagues for months to exclude legally binding language that might constrain missile defenses or the use of non-nuclear warheads on long-range ballistic missiles .
Surrounding these islands , however , are oceans of excluded people .
Of course , this ideal was a double-edged sword : their ostensible fragility -- and their assigned role as icons of sexual purity and ignorance -- was used to exclude women from influencing outcomes that affected their own destinies .
Last December , Saleh called for national dialogue , but on his own terms : the Houthis and the southern leaders are to be excluded from the discussions unless they support the Yemeni constitution that has kept Saleh in power for decades .
Although Yemen is geographically part of the Arabian Peninsula , it was excluded from the Gulf Cooperation Council , primarily because its size -- it is the most populous state on the peninsula -- would have given it great influence .
The region 's monarchs , however , have excluded Iraq from the Gulf Cooperation Council .
For the regime to embrace peoples it has excluded , it must agree on inclusiveness -- and the tolerance of non-Wahhabi forms of Islam -- as a survival strategy and stick to it .
But core inflation -LRB- which excludes energy and food prices -RRB- has been above 2 % for much of the recovery , and indirect taxes like VAT -- imposed to reduce the fiscal deficit -- have contributed to upward pressure on prices .
