A democracy that excludes religion from public life entirely , à la France , can not work in Egypt .
His `` decisive struggle against dictatorship '' -- and determined opposition to any deal with Bhutto that excludes him -- will intensify .
In other parts of the economy , where we see excess returns , we usually look for some weakness in competition , or perhaps for the exploitation of insider information , which excludes new entrants .
Unlike European leaders such as Joschka Fischer , Germany 's Foreign Minister , the US excludes the Israeli-Arab conflict from the initiative , and wants to concentrate solely on the social and economic problems that feed extremism and terrorism in the Islamic world .
As a result , the G-8 , which excludes the most important emerging-market countries , has lost its significance for good .
Today , the debate is over `` core inflation , '' which excludes food and energy prices because they are too volatile .
All of the spending cuts come from the `` discretionary '' part of the federal budget , which excludes Social Security , Medicare , the Medicaid program for the poor , and interest on the national debt .
Indeed , Hatoyama has announced his rudimentary vision of building an East Asian community that excludes the US .
In contrast to negative laïcité , which according to Sarkozy `` excludes and denounces , '' laïcité positive invites `` dialogue '' and recognizes the social benefits of religion .
In December , Malaysia will host an East Asian meeting that deliberately excludes the United States .
This , of course , would be an issue only with open pollinating plants , and only if the definition of `` organically produced '' excludes GM , something that is difficult to justify , since genes are as organic as anything .
First , dictatorship itself is ugly and unacceptable ; second , secular dictatorship excludes Islamic parties from participating normally in the political system .
Of course , even looking at these countries entails selection bias , for it excludes countries without price data for much of the twentieth century , notably China and Russia , where communist revolutions terminated the stock markets , resulting in -100 % returns for investors .
On the contrary , Article 125 of the Maastricht Treaty explicitly excludes bailouts , stating that neither the Union nor its member states are liable for the commitments of EU governments .
The International Energy Agency admits only OECD countries , which excludes China , the largest energy consumer .
But that trade should reflect Ukraine 's competing with the world , unconstrained by a private deal that excludes outsiders and their demands for a stable and predictable legal environment and the best business practices .
But core inflation -LRB- which excludes energy and food prices -RRB- has been above 2 % for much of the recovery , and indirect taxes like VAT -- imposed to reduce the fiscal deficit -- have contributed to upward pressure on prices .
