Indeed , both Israel and the United States are adamant about excluding Hamas from the Annapolis process unless and until it recognizes Israel 's right to exist , while Hamas will not abandon its identity as a resistance movement merely to join negotiations that seem unlikely to satisfy the Palestinian people 's minimal requirements .
And this huge sum -- a 5 % increase over the 2008 military budget -- is to be spent only on the US military 's normal operations , thus excluding the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
But to return to the pre-crisis safety zone will require a decade of large primary budget surpluses -LRB- excluding interest payments -RRB- of roughly 4 % of GDP for the US , 3 % for the eurozone -LRB- higher for higher-debt countries -RRB- , and 7 % for Japan .
Making matters worse , the region also witnessed a superficially silly but actually dangerous attempt by the ALBA countries -- Cuba , Venezuela , Nicaragua , Ecuador , Bolivia , and Paraguay -- to create , with the acquiescence of Mexico , Brazil , and Argentina , a regional organization excluding the United States and Canada .
But the Dalai Lama , the charismatic face of the Tibetan movement , has made it clear that his successor will come from the `` free world , '' thereby excluding Chinese-ruled Tibet .
China 's total annual surplus -LRB- excluding Hong Kong -RRB- now stands at $ 200 billion , down by roughly one-third from 2008 .
Up to now , the region -LRB- excluding Israel and Turkey -RRB- had more or less missed out on the epochal process of worldwide modernization .
The Nobel bylaws do not allow splitting a prize into more than three parts , thereby excluding discoveries that entailed work by more than three researchers , or omitting key persons who equally deserved to share in the honor .
There are about 220,000 Israeli settlers in the West Bank and Gaza , excluding the approximately 190,000 people living in the neighborhoods of Jerusalem that extend beyond the pre-1967 border of the old , divided Jerusalem .
Restricting criminal liability to actual perpetrators , carefully excluding clansmen and kin , is a fragile historical innovation aimed at interrupting spirals of bloody inter-communal violence .
We can expect to hear all kinds of misleading excuses from EU sources for excluding the IMF : `` the Fund is too American , '' `` Europe must resolve its own problems , '' and `` the IMF is not appropriate to our circumstances . ''
If Greece is to start paying just the interest on its debt -- rather than rolling it into new loans -- by 2011 the government would need to run a primary budget surplus -LRB- i.e. , excluding interest payments -RRB- of nearly 10 % of GDP .
Its ship tonnage -LRB- excluding fleets that sail under flags of convenience -RRB- is the fourth largest in the world .
Many statistical lives -- your own , perhaps -- could be saved by excluding future payment for some expensive medical treatment -LRB- say , hemodialysis -RRB- for those who are now healthy and reallocating the funds to cheap but effective prevention programs .
For , excluding oil , Africa has a negative trade balance with China .
A spectacular Franco-German security initiative following the election in Germany , accompanied by a joint message to the Kremlin , would also have the benefit of sending a message to the rest of the EU , particularly to its Václav Klauses : `` If you decide to paralyze the Union through stubborn ill will , you will only end up excluding yourselves , rather than dictating Europe 's fate . ''
But , despite these efforts , FDI inflows in the region -LRB- excluding South Africa -RRB- remain too low to have a significant economic impact .
Indeed , with a population of more than 300 million , Arab countries export less to the world , excluding oil and gas , than Finland .
Second , the process started the wrong way , by excluding most countries from the talks .
At the end of 2007 , developing countries , excluding China , held reserves equivalent to 20.6 % of their GDP , compared to just 3.7 % in 1990 .
This generated a huge asymmetry in the world economy , as industrial countries , excluding Japan , hold only 2.6 % of GDP in reserves . One basic reason is that the only `` collective insurance '' available is limited and highly conditional IMF lending .
In this context , the word `` liberal '' should be understood to suggest that the empire of the `` new Russian dream '' should be built by purely economic means , excluding all forcible action against other nations .
Among his key proposals was the replacement of the largely discredited UN Commission on Human Rights -- a body that has no mechanism for excluding even notorious human-rights violators like Libya , Cuba , or Zimbabwe -- with a new Human Rights Council , where such embarrassments would in theory not be tolerated .
Annual core inflation for Asia -LRB- excluding Japan -RRB- was running at a 4 % rate in late 2010 -- up about one percentage point from late 2009 .
Relative to the US dollar , an equal-weighted basket of 10 major Asian currencies -LRB- excluding Japan -RRB- has retraced the crisis-related distortions of 2008-2009 and has now returned to pre-crisis highs .
Specifically , between 2005 and 2006 , overall aid to Africa , excluding debt cancellation operations , increased by a meager 2 % .
The shadow banking system is estimated at roughly 25-30 % of the global financial system -LRB- $ 250 trillion , excluding derivatives -RRB- and at half of total global banking assets .
A recent World Bank study estimated that the damage from the triple disaster -LRB- earthquake , tsunami , and nuclear crisis -RRB- in March might ultimately cost Japan $ 235 billion -LRB- excluding the value of lives tragically lost -RRB- .
Indeed , if all eight of the top East European candidates -LRB- excluding Bulgaria and Romania -RRB- join by the target date of 2004 , the EU population 's will soar by about 75 million people .
It led directly to the spread of financial risk-management models , which , by excluding the possibility of default , grossly underestimated the amount of risk in the system .
The rest of the world increasingly sees the EU 's multilateralism as a means of legitimizing European intervention in the affairs of weaker states and excluding rising powers ' involvement in European affairs .
In order to preserve their shared domination , they have more or less agreed to a `` Republican Front '' strategy aimed at excluding the National Front in the second round of all elections .
But things keep getting worse : the deficit for 2009 alone is expected to be more than a half-trillion dollars , excluding the costs of financial bail-outs and the second stimulus package that almost all economists now say is urgently needed .
Still , overall , business investment -- excluding construction -- has returned to 10 % of GDP -LRB- from 10.6 % before the crisis -RRB- .
When Italy joined the European Monetary Union , its primary budget surplus -LRB- tax receipts in excess of government spending , excluding interest payments -RRB- was about 5 % of national income .
Investors have used ethical grounds in the past -- excluding , say , tobacco companies or corporations abetting apartheid in South Africa -- and have been successful in generating pressure on the underlying stocks .
To its shame , China allows its political goal of excluding Taiwan from membership in all international organizations to trump even urgent public health concerns .
The main lapse in TFP growth in Europe over the past decade has been in services -LRB- excluding information and communications technologies -RRB- .
A combined Russian Sovereign Wealth Fund -LRB- excluding the half-trillion dollars in foreign-exchange reserves -RRB- would rival Singapore 's Temasek Holdings -LRB- currently sixth in the world -RRB- and lag just behind the China Investment Corporation .
Besides , excluding Ukraine from eventual EU membership will encourage Russia 's imperial ambitions .
Why is excluding a reference to God any more neutral than including God ?
