In recent weeks European defense ministers suggested that increases in military expenditures should be excluded from the budget constraints imposed by the Euro stability pact .
Most Turks do n't want to see their country excluded from the West , but if the EU spurns them while speeding up entry for weaker candidates , Turkey may come to feel sufficiently strong and embittered to strike out on a new geo-political course .
During its transition period -LRB- 1988-1991 -RRB- , Algeria 's secularists crafted a pluralist constitution that excluded religious parties .
In practice , de-Baathification has excluded thousands of Iraqis -- most of them Sunnis who joined the party during the Saddam era only to secure good jobs -- from the country 's political and economic life .
The identity of Bolivia 's indigenous people , who were historically excluded from political , social , and economic life , is beginning to be seen as a synonym for confrontation , violence , and ethnic aggressiveness .
Indeed , after ten years of uninterrupted macroeconomic stability -- something Mexico had not experienced since the 1960 's -- the middle class has expanded dramatically , and reasonably priced bank credit is now available to millions who had been excluded in the past .
Free Trade with a Human Face MEXICO CITY -- Although many Americans believe immigration is a domestic issue that should be excluded from talks with other governments , this is not a view held by other nations -- or by the United States .
Almost everywhere , globalization has produced both a new class of multi-millionaires and an underclass comprising people who are not just poor in the statistical sense of earning less than half the national average , but who are excluded from opportunities that are supposed to be open to all .
They dislike the business leaders who take home huge sums even when they fail , and they hate to see poor and excluded people in their midst .
Tony Blair wants Britain to join the Euro , because he does not want to be excluded from the European core .
Widely publicized studies in the early 1990 's touting their safety excluded business users .
Military options should always be a last resort , but they ca n't be excluded in extreme cases , and Libya is as extreme as it gets .
Coercive military action was allowed to take two forms : `` all necessary measures '' to enforce a no-fly zone , and `` all necessary measures ... to protect civilians and civilian populated areas under threat of attack . '' Boots on the ground -- `` a foreign occupation force '' -- were expressly excluded .
A strategy of isolation has resulted in a dangerous alliance of convenience among extremist forces excluded from political processes and power structures .
When inventory accumulation is excluded , first-quarter growth of `` final sales '' was just 0.8 % in annual terms -- and 0.2 % compared to the fourth quarter of 2009 .
Even a global depression can not be excluded in the face of this fundamental crisis .
European spending on export refunds has declined considerably in recent years -- from 30 % of agricultural expenditure in the early 1990 's to less than 1 % today -LRB- if rural development is excluded -RRB- .
For our commitment to the universality of human rights forms but one part of the complex context of a universal civilization , from which an understanding of the other elements of modern societies - economic justice and political democracy - can not be excluded .
Preserving national integrity is a universal principle of peace from which Serbia should not be excluded .
Indeed , though supposedly grouping the world 's largest economies , the G8 now includes a country with an economy the size of Holland 's , even if it is still excluded from deliberations of the other members ' finance ministers .
Now that a raucous regional situation is being joined to a raucous American election season -LRB- where no issue is excluded from the political arena -RRB- , the task of assembling these components will be even more difficult .
Yet , comparable symptoms that arise after , say , dissolution of a romantic relationship , loss of a job , or diagnosis of a life-threatening illness are not excluded from diagnosis of disorders .
So , while we helped the neediest , we excluded others who were not poor enough to benefit .
In these cases , women are often the victims . They might be excluded from participation in informal networks , or have limited influence in appropriating the accrued benefits of collective action .
I have not excluded men a priori in this exercise , but none occurred to me , and in any case the EU establishment has too many middle-aged white men as it is .
Solidarity can not be achieved when our most important institutions are excluded .
Who will be included or excluded ?
Women are excluded from collective decision-making , as they are mere objects .
They know that their cities are also vulnerable to urban violence , in so far as they have pockets of social inequality , including marginalized and excluded young people .
But Gbagbo refused to denounce the tribal\/religious chauvinism that excluded Ouattara and millions of Ivoirian northerners from full citizenship rights .
Overcoming Africa 's North-South Divide The late President Mobutu Sese Seko of former Zaire once declared that the North African countries , which pride themselves on their Arabic descent , should be excluded from the then Organization of African Unity .
Diversity must be a source of richness , not antagonism , and countries that favor the latter must be excluded .
Rather , it is only by respecting our diversity -- ensuring that each social group enjoys a shared sense of belonging , rather than feeling marginalized and excluded -- that the state 's unity and peace can be guaranteed .
Indeed , although painful , acceptance of Western values by a society excluded for centuries from European history has gained momentum despite the fact that we often see ourselves as different from Western nations .
Unfortunately , because the discussion has so far been dominated by moral panic over the state of sports , many ethical considerations and important questions have been excluded .
Are they to be permanently excluded ?
By withdrawing from NATO 's integrated military command , France excluded itself from political decision-making within the Alliance and thus became the equivalent of the `` Harkis '' -- the local soldiers who served with the French army during the Algerian war : fine soldiers , but with virtually no reward for their service .
Britain has largely excluded itself from any leadership role in Europe .
Moreover , in much of Europe , Jews had long been excluded from most of the established economy of land ownership , and from many other fields that were reserved for Christians .
The international community must understand that the political benefits of not alienating the old elite while offering new opportunities to traditionally excluded groups outweigh the financial cost .
Of course , pure public goods are rare . Most only partially approach the ideal case of clean air , where none can be excluded and all can benefit simultaneously .
Reminding voters of the potentially catastrophic cost of being excluded , not just from core parts of the Single Market , but from the vital decision-making structures in the Council of Ministers and the European Central Bank , reinforces what is at stake in a second referendum campaign .
When voters are reminded of the potentially catastrophic cost of being excluded , not just from the Single Market area , but from the decision-making structures in the Council of Ministers and the European Central Bank , what is at stake in the referendum becomes clear .
Can Canada keep its place while Russia and Brazil are excluded ?
Thanks to them , millions of poorer and hitherto excluded families became homeowners , investors made high returns , and financial intermediaries pocketed the fees and commissions .
Backroom lobbying by powerful corporations now dominates policymaking negotiations , from which the public is excluded .
A national economy that is excluded by sanctions is likely to stagnate or even collapse .
In Lebanon 's post-war parliament , seats are widely distributed among the various confessional communities , so that none feels excluded or fears losing political representation if it loses numerical superiority .
It must accept the idea of a long-term international redistribution policy to assist those who are excluded from the benefits of globalization , and give itself the means to implement this ambitious policy .
Darnton 's plan falls short of a universal library , because works in print and in copyright would be excluded ; but he believes that Congress might grant a non-commercial public library the right to digitize orphan books .
The truth that politicians -LRB- David Cameron 's UK government excluded , at least for now -RRB- are reluctant to admit is that Western Europe 's current morass is distinct from the global US-made downturn . Old Europe has entered into a severe and intractable crisis of the welfare state as ordinary Europeans have come to know it .
The IMF has required that Brazil run a `` primary surplus '' -LRB- i.e. interest on government debt is excluded in the budget calculations -RRB- of 3.75 % on its budget .
The Judeo-Christian custom of burial is rapidly being replaced - not by the ritual of an Indian pyre , but by a crematorium , i.e. , the destruction of a corpse by means of high-temperature machines , a procedure from which the public is excluded .
Many Uzbeks , Turkmens , and even some Tajiks , feel excluded .
Many young second-generation immigrants are virtually excluded from the labor market .
The poor minorities that remain excluded are provided with some social assistance .
Surrounding these islands , however , are oceans of excluded people .
Last December , Saleh called for national dialogue , but on his own terms : the Houthis and the southern leaders are to be excluded from the discussions unless they support the Yemeni constitution that has kept Saleh in power for decades .
Although Yemen is geographically part of the Arabian Peninsula , it was excluded from the Gulf Cooperation Council , primarily because its size -- it is the most populous state on the peninsula -- would have given it great influence .
The region 's monarchs , however , have excluded Iraq from the Gulf Cooperation Council .
For the regime to embrace peoples it has excluded , it must agree on inclusiveness -- and the tolerance of non-Wahhabi forms of Islam -- as a survival strategy and stick to it .
