The great economist Rudi Dornbusch used to say that a financial crisis usually starts much later than anyone expects , but then develops faster than anyone can imagine .
A now increasingly arrogant and extremely well armed Hamas expects such a lull to be agreed upon only in exchange for new concessions from both Israel and Egypt .
It remains to be seen if the abysmally dysfunctional Arab world and the powerful non-state agents in its midst , such as Hamas and Hezbollah , will respond the way Obama expects .
Israel expects the Obama administration not only to appreciate the unique context of its ambiguous nuclear status , but also to recognize that it can not be forthcoming in assuring its neighbors or the rest of the world regarding its nuclear program unless the Middle East political environment changes in a radically positive way .
He expects that a unilateral yet internationally recognized declaration of a Palestinian state along the 1967 borders would put unbearable pressure on an Israel haunted by the specter of worldwide de-legitimization .
Nor would US and European support necessarily produce the results that Abbas expects .
Iran expects the new regimes to rally behind it in radically changing the region 's strategic equation through a policy of confrontation with the US and Israel , while Turkey expects the new regimes to follow constructive policies of peace and security .
Efficient companies are punished for their success by being held to a special standard that expects them to cuddle their competitors , instead of continuing to out-price and outsell them , to the benefit of consumers .
Even if an economist correctly understands fundamentals , Dornbusch warned , that does n't mean that markets do . In forecasting interest rates one is engaged not in examining fundamentals , but in predicting what average market opinion expects average market opinion about fundamentals to be .
A world in which everybody expects a falling dollar is a world in economic crisis .
If the dollar has already fallen -- if nobody expects it to fall much more -- then there is no reason to compensate global savers and investors for holding US assets .
For example , Lula 's Workers ' Party , which rejected pension reforms submitted by the previous Cardoso administration , expects Lula to preserve far more of the scheme than former President Cardoso believed possible .
The current small difference between the real interest rate on such bonds -LRB- 2.1 % for 30-year bonds -RRB- and the nominal interest rate on conventional 30-year Treasury bonds -LRB- now 4.6 % -RRB- implies that the market expects only about 2.5 % inflation over the next three decades .
Although the world expects a negative decision , Israel can in fact muster a sound legal case .
Although the threatened indictment of al-Bashir has prompted protest in Khartoum , no one expects him to appear in court soon .
But it is indispensable if the ECB is really to be independent , and if one expects that all members of the Governing Board , particularly the governors of national central banks , base their decisions only on the interests of the entire euro area -LRB- and not of their home country -RRB- .
But costs will come down once series production gets underway : Toyota says that it expects to `` shock '' the industry with its cost reduction numbers when it launches commercial production .
Although this has further deepened pro- and anti-US divisions within the army , among both commissioned and non-commissioned officers , Musharraf clearly expects to remain president well beyond the October 2007 elections , as well as to extend further his term of leadership of the army .
Of course , if anything goes wrong , everyone who is TBTF -- and who has lent to TBTF firms -- expects to receive government protection .
Indeed , though the UNPO , to which both belong -- alongside Assyria and the Buffalo River Dene Nation -- has a vaguely Marx Brothers ' air to it -LRB- one expects Freedonia , the mythical country of which Groucho Marx was prime minister , to be on the roster -RRB- , six member states already have left it to join the UN , and Kosovo , now independent if lacking UN recognition , will eventually follow .
Ethanol accounts for more than 50 % of current light-vehicle fuel demand in the country , and Petrobras -- Brazil 's energy giant and one of the largest companies in Latin America -- expects this share to increase to more than 80 % by 2020 .
He has always shown scant regard for his people 's plight , and he still expects to get two-thirds or more of the oil and food he needs from China .
The economy is slowing -- the Bank of Korea cut its growth forecast for this year to 4.7 % , while the OECD expects only 4.3 % growth -- inflation is rising , and some are concerned that Lee 's policies are too geared toward foreign investors and big business .
Anwar can finally make the opposition a credible check on the National Front ruling coalition , but knows that he will never become prime minister this way . No one , after all , expects the opposition to win enough seats to form a government in the conceivable future .
The UN expects about a 30-centimeter sea-level rise over this century -- about what we saw over the past 150 years .
By the end of the century , the United Nations expects the average person to be 1,400 % richer than today .
When American troops were captured in Iraq , President Bush said that he expects them to be treated humanely .
Indeed , the investment bank Goldman Sachs expects the Chinese economy 's total size to surpass that of the United States by 2027 .
Without committing itself to any substantive assistance , the Chinese government has publicly demanded that the European Union grant China the coveted status of `` market economy '' if it expects China to loosen its purse strings .
Regional leaders must now develop their own strategy to transform Asia 's many challenges into opportunities , with Obama playing the role of `` good neighbor '' who expects other peoples to help themselves and put their own houses in order before turning to the US for assistance .
Indeed , the IMF expects that emerging and developing economies will grow by 6 % in 2010 and 6.3 % in 2011 .
The International Monetary Fund expects the eurozone to expand by only 1 % this year and 1.5 % in 2011 , compared to 3.1 and 2.6 % for the US .
But no one really expects the debts to be paid anyway .
First , macroeconomic indicators will be worse than expected , with growth failing to recover as fast the consensus expects .
The rich world somehow expects poor countries to restrict their use of fossil fuels without any significant help in financing new and sustainable sources of energy .
Munich 's Ifo Institute expects about 2.5 -- 3.3 million migrants to Western Europe during the 15 years following EU enlargement .
Big banks can not be allowed to fail ; but the public expects bankers to be punished .
Unlike Yeltsin , however , Putin wo n't give up and expects that he can take advantage of the fact that America will be too busy fighting terrorism and WMD proliferation , rearranging the Middle East , and containing China to object too strongly .
If everybody expects Italy to be solvent , they will lend to Italy at a low interest rate . Italy will be able to meet its current obligations , and most likely its future obligations as well .
If everyone expects that a credit-rating downgrade will make Italian debt unsustainable , Italy will indeed default after a downgrade , regardless of the downgrade 's real economic effects .
