Nor can a weak , embattled , and disoriented Musharraf be expected to fight Islamic militancy effectively or bring political stability to Pakistan .
Human rights bodies , media associations , and lawyers ' organizations are expected to defy the emergency , which will pit them against the security forces .
Observing the fighting in Pakistan , the United States , Afghanistan , and India expect the Pakistani army to take on both the Afghan Taliban and the Pakistani militants .
Or , in the words of Abba Eban , it may be yet another opportunity to miss an opportunity . How the Palestinians respond depends largely on how the Palestinian body politic deals with the growing power of Palestinian Islamic movements , which undoubtedly expect a significant share of power in post-withdrawal Gaza . Will armed groups resume their fight against Israel , or will the Palestinian Authority act to defuse or combat the attacks ?
It has agreed to participate , for the first time , in the election of the Palestinian Legislative Council , which is due in January 2006 , and it is expected to win a large number of seats .
The increase in energy demand has already led to power shortages in the oil-producing countries , which are expected to reduce exports this summer .
So one would expect that smaller countries will spend proportionally more on defense than larger ones .
There is every reason to expect Annan to resume his good offices soon and to bring the question to a positive conclusion well before Turkey 's possible entry into the EU around 2015 .
But this case is not about oligarchs trying to interfere in politics ; it is about a group of artists and curators whose professional activities have unexpectedly turned into a political hot potato .
After the invasion , no one expected Iraq to get loans , let alone outright grants .
Finally , high oil prices in the past 12 months provided an unexpectedly large windfall to the Iraqi budget , allowing for the financing of other sectors without slighting the oil industry .
But lower oil prices , coupled with expectations of a decline in demand , would in turn put pressure on oil-producing countries to reduce planned investments in production capacity or even to mothball major projects , as they have done in the past , leading to a decline in oil supplies .
My nieces and nephews have a life expectancy of 52 years .
First , the euro has eliminated the possibility of exchange-rate turbulence and speculative currency attacks that more vulnerable economies could have expected in the current turmoil .
Americans tend to find this expectation of commensurability suffocating , while Europeans find it reassuring and liberating .
A slight move of the steering wheel in the wrong direction would wreak havoc , but we cruise carefree , because we have reasonable expectations about the behavior of other drivers .
Our expectations of other drivers , which serve to mitigate the theoretical risks of driving , can exist because people adhere to a framework of laws , habits , and conventions about how to operate automobiles .
While cancer deaths in wealthy countries are expected to increase less dramatically , they are nonetheless predicted to rise by a harrowing 40 % over the next 20 years .
The first ingredients of a common collective identity have been injected into the EU 's enlarged membership , which is still marked by diverse positions , sensitivities , and expectations .
At the simplest , we expect Europe to be fair .
We expect our social model to be realized .
We expect economic and social matters to be connected .
We expect Europe to play a role for good in the world .
The reasoning is simple and logical : if someone fraudulently borrows money in my name , I am not expected to pay it back , and neither should a country 's population when an unrepresentative leader borrows in their name and to their detriment .
Is it fair to expect Egyptians to continue paying for their previous repression and impoverishment at the hands of Mubarak and his cronies ?
Lenders to a repressive regime will no longer expect these debts to be repaid by its successors , immediately making lenders worldwide careful about lending to them .
And most mortgage holders probably expected to refinance their mortgages before their rising interest-rate trebled or quadrupled monthly repayments .
When China 's labor-intensive industries emerge from their metamorphosis , we should expect to see firms that are larger , that invest more in product innovation and design , and that hold more sway over business and trade policies .
My colleagues in government are expected to demonstrate this by means of sustained reforms that foster meritocracy , transparency , and accountability .
We expect 6-7 billion pesos in savings by the end of this year , which can be used for other high-priority development projects .
Nevertheless , government officials admit , off the record , that the impact of an expected US recession will not be insignificant , because Brazil is not fully protected from external events .
In any case , the central bank has already projected that Brazil 's trade surplus will disappear this year , with a small deficit expected .
Consequently , although the current crisis is expected to have a relatively minor effect compared to past upheavals , the possibility of contagion from turbulence in the US can not be disregarded .
His former chief political advisor has even accused him of using `` Stalinist measures . '' If Putin falls short of the high expectations in the upcoming parliamentary election , his fortunes in the March 14 , 2004 , presidential vote may be jeopardy .
Life expectancy for men is stuck at 59 .
The great economist Rudi Dornbusch used to say that a financial crisis usually starts much later than anyone expects , but then develops faster than anyone can imagine .
Contrary to expectations -- and to the Greek and French experiences -- social unrest has been minimal .
The evening proceeded along the expected anodyne trajectory until a Lebanese academic raised the issue of the right of Palestinian refugees to return to Israel .
The victory of the fundamentalist Hamas in the Palestinian elections will have far-reaching consequences for the region , some totally unexpected .
If the Palestinians declared independence unilaterally , and if , as is expected , some sort of recognition by at least some states followed , the contours of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict would change dramatically .
But those who expected Islamist fire and brimstone from Davutoglu were deeply disappointed .
It may be incorrect to call Turkey 's behavior `` neo-Ottoman , '' but some neighboring countries , after expecting a mediator and facilitator , may now feel faced by a possible bully .
It is expected that their economies will overtake those of the G-7 by 2030 , and that , by 2050 , Brazil , China , India , Mexico , and Russia will , with the US , be the worlds ' dominant economies .
Any attempt to use expansionary government policies to drive unemployment below a certain level , they demonstrated , would fuel inflationary expectations and undermine both economic growth and employment .
This makes it a good deal for everyone - for people who expect more cooperation and more concrete results from the Union , but also for those concerned about excessive interference by Europe in questions that can be better dealt with by the member states themselves .
This is true to the extent that the Tribunal is insensitive to the intricate balancing expected of officials in the countries of the former Yugoslavia .
Saudi Arabia , too , can be expected to do everything in its power to prevent the al-Khalifas ' fall . Bahrain is the Kingdom 's most loyal ally in the region , and the Saudis fear that sectarian unrest could spread to the country 's eastern region , where a Shia-minority nurses long-held grievances .
The Party has so far been following a more conventional strategy : last week it sent a delegation of officials to the US -LRB- the first ever sent , it said , to have been composed solely of Tibetans -- a fact that one might expect them to have been embarrassed to admit -RRB- and had its leader , Shingtsa Tenzin Choedak , tell journalists that Tibetans enjoy freedom of religion .
In particular , the influence of corporations on politicians and political outcomes can be expected to weaken the rules that protect shareholders and ensure that companies are well-governed .
To be sure , on many issues the interests of corporate insiders overlap with those of investors , and here insiders can be expected to lobby in directions that are consistent with the interests of shareholders .
Such managers can be expected to use their influence to obtain and maintain rules that weaken the rights of dispersed shareholders and make it difficult for shareholders to replace them .
But the insiders that direct corporate lobbying can be expected to seek to obtain and maintain rules that provide insufficient protection to minority shareholders from such opportunism .
It also can be expected to reduce shareholder value and retard the development of an economy 's corporate sector .
The concern is not that the top executives expected their aggressive risk-taking to lead with certainty to their firms ' failure , but that the executives ' pay arrangements -- in particular , their ability to claim large amounts of compensation based on short-term results -- induced them to accept excessive levels of risk .
But , while such judicial scrutiny may be effective in eliminating some egregious cases , it can not ensure that raters do the right thing when courts are not expected to be able to tell after the fact what the right thing was .
As it is , bank executives expect to share in any gains that might flow to common shareholders , but they are insulated from the consequences that losses , produced by their choices , could impose on preferred shareholders , bondholders , depositors , or the government as a guarantor of deposits .
Insulating executives from losses to stakeholders other than shareholders can be expected to encourage them to make investments and take on obligations that increase the likelihood and severity of losses that exceed the shareholders ' capital .
The more thinly capitalized banks are , the more severe these distortions -- and the larger the expected costs rising from insulating executives from potential losses to non-shareholder stakeholders .
Getting executives to internalize perfectly the expected losses that their choices might impose on contributors of capital other than shareholders is complex .
There is little reason to expect the political preferences of corporate insiders to mirror those of the public investors funding the company .
Instead , supervisors estimated only losses that banks can be expected to incur on loans -LRB- and other assets -RRB- that will come to maturity by the end of 2010 . They chose to ignore any losses that banks will suffer on loans that will mature after 2010 .
CAMBRIDGE -- Goldman Sachs announced this month plans to provide bonuses at record levels , and there are widespread expectations that bonuses and pay in many other firms will rise substantially this year .
If choices of compensation structures can be expected to affect financial firms ' stability , regulating these choices can also be useful for protecting this stability .
As a result , politicians expect that their decisions on investor protection will have little direct effect on citizens ' voting decisions .
While individual investors can not be expected to invest in lobbying for stronger investor protection , it might be hoped that institutional investors -- mutual funds , banks , insurance companies , and so forth -- will do so .
But a reorganization of AIG and a shift in its ownership should not have been expected to endanger insurance policyholders .
The World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg is , as expected , contemplating numerous bold promises , but the meeting itself is doomed to be an exercise in futility .
It was clear to him that Israel was a nuclear power that , in October 1973 , had once again proven itself to be unbeatable in a conventional war -- a war Sadat himself had never expected to win when he launched it .
The City of London , the British Council , Oxfam , and the BBC are now expected to restore the prominence of Britain 's enduring values .
Nevertheless , peace with Syria could be a major building block in a wider Israeli-Arab settlement , and consequently of a more stable Middle East , though it is unrealistic to expect that Syria would automatically sever its special relationship with Iran in exchange for the Golan Heights .
In none of them do the conditions yet exist for an immediate leap from war to peace , nor do the parties themselves expect that to happen .
The `` extremists , '' whom Bush expected to be defeated through economic sanctions , diplomatic isolation , and military action , have prevailed .
Disarming the Middle East TEL AVIV -- Israel 's desperate plea that the world act to curtail what its intelligence service describes as Iran 's `` gallop toward a nuclear bomb '' has not gotten the positive response that Israel expected .
Obama 's ascension to the US presidency represents a revolutionary landmark in America 's history that should not be allowed to fall victim to inflated expectations .
A now increasingly arrogant and extremely well armed Hamas expects such a lull to be agreed upon only in exchange for new concessions from both Israel and Egypt .
The expectation was that Russia would join the United States in putting pressure on Iran to abandon its nuclear ambitions . But this has not yet happened .
It remains to be seen if the abysmally dysfunctional Arab world and the powerful non-state agents in its midst , such as Hamas and Hezbollah , will respond the way Obama expects .
Israel expects the Obama administration not only to appreciate the unique context of its ambiguous nuclear status , but also to recognize that it can not be forthcoming in assuring its neighbors or the rest of the world regarding its nuclear program unless the Middle East political environment changes in a radically positive way .
Can anyone really expect Israel to be impressed by Iran 's righteous criticism of its `` defiance of the law '' ?
He was commendably humble to admit that he was wrong `` to have raised expectations so high . ''
The expectation that he would allow the Arabs , particularly the Syrians and the Palestinians , to recover their land without resorting to arms has been proved , by his own admission , to be unrealistic .
Neither the planned sanctions nor the recently published US Nuclear Posture Review , a far less revolutionary document than expected , will curb Iran 's nuclear appetite .
Trapped in their contradictions and zero-sum national dreams , Israelis and Palestinians can not expect a perfect solution .
As one of the poorest and neediest countries in the world , for which oil revenues would be the only source of income for years to come , an independent South Sudan could not be expected to rescue the debt-ridden North .
He expects that a unilateral yet internationally recognized declaration of a Palestinian state along the 1967 borders would put unbearable pressure on an Israel haunted by the specter of worldwide de-legitimization .
Nor would US and European support necessarily produce the results that Abbas expects .
Egypt 's regional power reflects its objective strategic weight , and this is not expected to change .
No convincing peace initiatives or major policy responses are expected from Israel at a time when the United Nations General Assembly is poised to recognize overwhelmingly the creation of a Palestinian state -- a move that would further isolate the country .
Indeed , at a time of painful budget cuts -- the US is facing a $ 52 trillion shortfall on public pensions and health care in the coming decades -- the US can no longer be expected to maintain its current level of global military engagement .
But its real power stems from the degree to which it reflects America 's mood in an era of declining global influence and diminishing expectations regarding the relevance of military power to sustaining US global hegemony .
Iran expects the new regimes to rally behind it in radically changing the region 's strategic equation through a policy of confrontation with the US and Israel , while Turkey expects the new regimes to follow constructive policies of peace and security .
Even if , as expected , the Security Council rejects the Palestinians ' request for full UN membership and Palestine ends up with observer status in the General Assembly , Abbas can already claim victory .
They were also expected to give an electoral boost to Prime Minister Shimon Peres of Israel who , severely undermined by Hamas 's devastating campaign of suicide terrorism , was on the verge of electoral defeat at the hands of Benjamin Netanyahu .
But such a deal became impossible precisely because the Intifada had raised Palestinian expectations to such heights that it became impossible for Israel to meet them .
After the devastating impact of the crisis on their economies , countries hosting Western banking subsidiaries and branches can not be expected to accept the status quo .
Five countries are expected to suffer double-digit declines in GDP .
Looking ahead , the region 's main export markets , primarily in advanced Europe , are not expected to grow as fast as in the past .
You can collect statistics until the cows come home , but you can not expect statistics to produce an effect beyond what they are good for .
Indeed , from the start , the architects of the Union 's Constitutional Treaty never seriously expected that their draft would endure in the form in which they wrote it .
While these expect little from an often indifferent France , they still , as the discussions in Riga suggest , would be disposed to putting their trust in Germany -- if only German governments once again show they care .
Worse , there is no sign that either man is willing to speak his mind in order to signal to the other side what he will expect when the next crisis looms .
LONDON -- Speaking in the happier economic times of 2005 , Mervyn King -- then , as now , Governor of the Bank of England -- stressed the importance of entrenching public expectations of stable , low inflation .
He warned that , `` if you let inflation expectations drift too far away from the target , you can end up in quite serious difficulty with a costly process to bring them back again . ''
For most of this period , the British public expected inflation in the coming year to be lower than in the previous year , thanks to the MPC 's strong track record on price stability .
That confidence has now dissipated : inflation expectations have caught up with the actual inflation rate of 4 % .
But , even in the US , policy-setting officials , such as Thomas Hoenig , President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City , express concern that inflation expectations may become unanchored , owing to the massive expansion of government debt and the Fed 's balance sheet since the financial crash in 2008 .
But there is something they can do to ensure the benefits of inflation-targeting rules -LRB- credibility and well-anchored inflation expectations -RRB- while also supporting recovery : raise the stated target .
Simply put , in order to anchor inflation expectations effectively , inflation targets must be realistic .
We expected that we would lose the final audience vote by 55 % to 45 % .
Given this reality , corporations want to give simply because it is expected of them .
Both countries , the `` sleeping giants , '' were expected to awaken at some point from their slumber .
In such a world , continued hassles and hiccups for Chinese exports can be confidently expected .
In Ontario during the blackout , reactors designed to unlink from the grid automatically and remain in standby mode instead went into full shutdown , with only two of twelve reactors behaving as expected .
While international support in a time of crisis demonstrates a seemingly innate moral response to the suffering of others , it also highlights with disquieting clarity that the same level of empathy is more difficult to evoke when a crisis is chronic instead of sudden , unexpected , and dramatic .
To be sure , the recovery was not expected to be smooth : historically , cleaning up after a financial crisis of this magnitude takes a long time , especially given high debt burdens , extended joblessness , and damaged banking systems .
We expect global growth to be around 4.5 % in 2011 and 2012 , although the two-track recovery will continue , with advanced economies chugging along at around 2.5 % annual GDP growth , while emerging-market and developing economies motor ahead at an impressive 6.5 % rate .
What level of improved productivity can America expect in future years ?
Although these criticisms do n't seem to bother the electorate very much , Park 's path to victory may yet prove narrower than her supporters expect .
Sarkozy has , in fact , brought about a rupture , albeit in an unexpected area : the foreign policy consensus that has prevailed since the days of Charles de Gaulle .
Countries can not expect economic and other benefits from the Union unless they meet its political standards .
Indeed , every member state can be expected to cling to its right to pursue an independent foreign policy for the foreseeable future .
But no one should expect Kenya to play a stabilizing regional role again anytime soon .
While the April G-20 summit in London produced more economic-policy agreement than expected , this was largely because the most divisive issue -- the US and British demand for more global stimulus spending -- was removed from the table beforehand .
These shifts will be gradual , persistent , and less predictable than what investors had come to expect during the deceptive calm of the euro 's first decade , when the currency union 's establishment , together with EU enlargement and liberalization , appeared to create a stable and benign environment .
In addition , the Kurds will expect to retain a veto over any proposal that might compromise Kurdish autonomy in the northern provinces .
Once a verdict is reached in Dokubu 's trial , probably this summer , violence is expected to intensify .
During a triumphal surprise visit to Baghdad on May 22 , he said he expected Iraqi forces to take responsibility for `` territorial security '' in much of the country by the end of the year .
In September , Bush made an unexpectedly low-key speech to the UN General Assembly .
It is unrealistic to expect Iraqi politicians to make substantial political sacrifices while their constituents are fighting Americans and one another .
The generals know that another coup would further weaken the military 's popular standing -- as well as Pakistan 's relations with the US -- at a moment when Bhutto and Sharif have raised expectations at home and abroad for a permanent return to civilian rule .
Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistan 's tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
After all , the three largest EU states -- Germany , Britain , and France -- can be expected to seek agreements among themselves about the Union 's future shape , so the Benelux countries ' common goal should be to influence their actions and ensure that their thinking is acceptable to the whole community .
In addition , strong public support and high expectations in the Palestinian territories would make a last-minute change of course politically risky .
More was expected from the SAARC summit than was achieved , owing in large part to the unmet expectations for the meeting between the Indian and Pakistani prime ministers on the sidelines of the main event .
It will be lucky if it manages to achieve 2.8 % , one half of that expected in Bangladesh and one-third of that projected for India .
In the 2010-2011 fiscal year , the IMF estimates that economic output will increase by less than 3 % -- one-third the rate expected in neighboring India and less than half that of Bangladesh .
In these dying days of serious newspaper journalism , slick television shows , packaged by highly-paid anchormen -- who never utter an original thought themselves , and would never expect a politician to do so -- are the only venues where professional politicians feel secure enough to `` face '' the public .
Now Georgia and the Ukraine would like to expect that Europeans and Americans would shed blood to defend them against Russia .
In the Middle East today , it is reckless and radical : invading a country , wrecking its institutions , and expecting that freedom will grow in the ensuing state of anarchy .
They occur in times of rising expectations .
But , rather like the election of the first black president of the United States , it was fizzing with popular expectations , promising a fundamental shift from the past .
He may be expecting too much .
Back then , they expected that the `` shock and awe '' of US force would not only topple the dictator -LRB- which turned out to be true -RRB- , but also that the US-led invasion would be greeted with enthusiasm by the liberated Iraqis , who would then herald a new democratic era in the Middle East .
One can not expect the law to solve all cultural conflicts .
We want more , expect more , and complain more loudly if we do n't get it .
Our aspirations will always exceed our resources , particularly since medical progress itself raises public expectations .
But Europeans should not expect too much .
America 's unipolar expectations have not been ratified by events .
Millions of immigrants arrived with great expectations of making a country -- and making it their country .
Nor are there clearly identifiable differences in doctrine that should translate into a reasonable expectation of better economic performance under one party than the other .
The combination of economic growth -LRB- now in reverse because of the global crisis -RRB- and atrocious levels of inequality and social segmentation will continue to breed the same unmet expectations and social resentment that cleared Chávez 's path to power .
A majority considered them offensive , and therefore expected interracial couples to show what is demanded today from Muslims in Manhattan : respect for other people 's sensitivities .
On the contrary , many capitals south of the Rio Grande had high expectations for the team that moved into the White House in 2001 .
Of course , there has never been any reason to expect the left to be more honest than anyone else . To be sure , socialist , communist , or Castroite movements and leaders in Latin America have traditionally denounced graft , influence-peddling , and government grand larceny by the hemisphere 's traditional right-wing dictatorships or even centrist constitutional regimes .
Indeed , events of the last couple of decades - the AIDS viruses transferring from monkeys to man , followed by their global spread , being just one example - should have convinced us that , where diseases are concerned , the unexpected will happen .
Before its reunification with mainland China , many people expected the former British colony to grab headlines as Beijing progressively stripped its freedoms .
Five years since its handover , and contrary to expectation , Hong Kong retains its rights .
Taiwan 's December 2004 legislative elections had delivered an unexpected defeat for Chen and his ruling Democratic Progressive Party , or DPP , and the pro-independence camp 's failure to secure a legislative majority was seen as a positive development for relations with the mainland .
Against all expectation , and contrary to our wishes , this violence has put us in front of choices we had not seen before .
Psychologists are quick to point out that whenever humans experience strong emotions , cognitions -- thoughts , memories , expectations , beliefs , and interpretation of the situation -- help form the experience .
As we might expect , sensation-generating areas are active , but so are structures in emotion-generating areas of the brain and structures related to attention and thinking .
Of the remaining 120 million , only 20 million are expected to reach the tenth year of school , with the rest dropping out along the way .
Yet , despite a rapidly warming bilateral rapport and Obama 's recent statement calling India the `` cornerstone of America 's engagement in Asia , '' conflicting expectations and interests often surface .
The withdrawal of NATO forces before the job is done will leave India on the front lines to face the brunt of greater terror from the Afghanistan-Pakistan belt . In fact , NATO 's retreat is expected to embolden jihadists in the region -- and beyond it -- to stage transnational attacks .
Yet its dangerous ideology is expected to live on and motivate state-sponsored non-state actors .
After all , consumers expect power always to be available .
It improves human health , increases life expectancy , and lowers fertility rates .
And , because women generally expect to bear most of the responsibility for nurturing children , they tend to evaluate social policies through this lens .
When an economy is operating efficiently , expectations are largely fulfilled ; desires , resources , and production technology are well matched ; and people are reasonably satisfied with their plans , relations , and contracts .
This affected all the producers , distributors , and retailers whose plans and contracts were based on now-obsolete expectations .
Efficient companies are punished for their success by being held to a special standard that expects them to cuddle their competitors , instead of continuing to out-price and outsell them , to the benefit of consumers .
During the past three centuries , the human population has increased ten-fold , to more than six billion , and is expected to reach 10 billion in this century .
Not only has China recently become the world 's largest emitter of greenhouse gases , but the pace of its future emissions is expected to far exceed forecasts .
With a few months remaining before the Copenhagen talks , China is expected to deliver its commitment to the Bali Action Plan .
It will , of course , be a far lower commitment than that expected from the European Union or the US .
After all , what is expected in Iraq is the fall of a highly ideological dictatorship .
In the Western zones , a different set of expectations soon prevailed .
Rising life expectancy coupled with low birth rates shape the demography of almost all prosperous countries .
For the Palestinian territories , this means that people 's expectations of the elections were probably too high .
By the same token , reducing expectations means that the significance of the results should not be exaggerated .
It may not be dignified to expect immigrant workers to do these `` dirty '' jobs , but to these workers such jobs offer a step on the ladder of hope as they help to keep advanced economies and societies functioning .
But demographers rarely use CDR 's , thinking instead in terms of age - and sex-specific mortality rates , usually summarized as `` life expectancy . ''
Within the developed world , however , Europe 's population is expected to decline markedly .
Even sharper declines are expected in the candidate countries of Central and Eastern Europe , from a total of 105m to 85m , a fall of 20m , or about 20 % .
Moreover , the strategic balance to Europe 's east will also be transformed , because the populations of Russia and the Ukraine are expected to decline even more steeply than those of the EU .
Russia 's population , currently 145.5 m , is expected to fall to 104.5 m ; Ukraine 's population is projected to fall from nearly 50m to 30m , a startling drop of 40 % .
Traditional Socialist nostrums -- nationalization , price controls , government direction -- had failed in the past , could not be expected to work in the future , and thus held no credibility with voters .
The Swedes have always been half-hearted about the political aspects of EU membership . But they could hardly be expected to vote for Euro membership on purely economic grounds at a time when the Swedish economy was doing better than the Euro economy .
But if this were the real reason for the breakdown , one would expect it to be resolved by detailed haggling over the voting arrangements .
For the general expectation is that if France rejects the Constitution , the Constitution would be dead , and no British referendum would be needed .
Not only has he kept Britain out of the single European currency over the past four years , he made it clear during the election campaign that he does not expect the UK to join the Euro during the next five years either .
Since the shock of the French and Dutch `` no '' votes against the European Union 's proposed Constitutional Treaty , events have followed their inevitable course , but more rapidly than expected .
They expect to be net financial beneficiaries , which would help them modernize .
At his side sits Martin Wolf of The Financial Times , so a good reception in the pink pages can be expected .
No amount of capital will rescue a badly run bank . '' I expect that Dimon , who has steered Morgan through the crisis without the need for public support , would say `` amen . ''
Our new beliefs did not stem from some new experiment or unexpected observation , the way a real scientific paradigm shift does .
And , since almost every observation that economists make turns out in a way that was n't predicted , no unexpected observation could ever actually change an economic paradigm .
So , even though potential usefulness is the reason why governments devote so much money to scientific research , people really expect more from science than that .
We in the EU expect the US to do likewise ; if it is safe to release these people in Europe , it is safe to do so in the US .
Avoid overly optimistic projections that lead to unworkable plans and unreasonable expectations , which the government will not be able to fulfill , as happened in Guatemala , for example , when its civil war ended .
In that case , we would expect to see construction depressed : firms closed , capital goods idle , and workers unemployed .
But we would also expect to see manufacturing plants running at double shifts -- the money not spent on construction has to go somewhere , and , remember , the problem is not a lack of aggregate demand .
We would expect to see manufacturers holding job fairs , and when not enough workers showed up , we would expect to see manufacturers offering higher wages to attract workers into their plants , and then raising prices to cover their higher costs .
There are no places in the US economy where wages or product prices are rising more rapidly than expected .
But what astonishes me even more is the apparent failure of academic economics to take steps to prepare itself for the future . `` We need to change our hiring patterns , '' I expected to hear economics departments around the world say in the wake of the crisis .
When these buildings were constructed , they were expected to more than pay for themselves .
By 2007 , therefore , it was reasonable to expect that construction spending in the US would be depressed for some time to come .
But we were expecting a minor decline : a fall in construction spending below trend of $ 150 billion a year for two years or $ 100 billion a year for three years or $ 75 billion a year for four years .
Or interest rates could rise if people expect a much weaker global economy -- and , in a weaker global economy with no inflation , investors should be holding more US Treasuries , not fewer .
Second , he assured his listeners that `` we expect a moderate recovery to continue and indeed to strengthen . '' This is because '' -LRB- h -RRB- ouseholds also have made some progress in repairing their balance sheets -- saving more , borrowing less , and reducing their burdens of interest payments and debt . ''
Australia , Ireland , and the Scandinavian countries all had their own sustained bursts of unexpectedly rapid growth .
The exact amount depends on how rapidly Americans re-direct their spending from imports to domestically-produced goods , and how much of an expected recovery in the dollar 's exchange rate is needed to persuade investors to hold US assets while the spending switchover takes place .
Rubin 's recognition that the world is a complicated , poorly-understood place , where lots of unexpected and surprising things happen -- and where we can not merely consult some map drawn by John Maynard Keynes or Milton Friedman or some neo-conservative pundit -- seems to have been the most powerful of his secret weapons .
What is unexpected is that the new wealth is flowing not to the shareholders of dot-com companies , but to purchasers and users of high-tech capital and the consumers they serve .
Yet today , if we look at transatlantic comparisons , Western Europe appears to be doing much better than one would expect if one were to judge from the past decade 's business press .
Even if an economist correctly understands fundamentals , Dornbusch warned , that does n't mean that markets do . In forecasting interest rates one is engaged not in examining fundamentals , but in predicting what average market opinion expects average market opinion about fundamentals to be .
If the oil price stays at $ 40 a barrel , expect it to have next to no effect on short-term world GDP growth .
At $ 60 a barrel , expect the `` measured '' long-term rate of potential world output growth to slow by roughly 0.3 % per year .
With most shocks to the world economy , we expect central banks to take steps to offset their effects .
If consumers go on a spending binge , we expect the world 's central banks to raise interest rates to cool off construction spending and free up the resources needed to prevent shortage-inducing inflation .
Central banks respond to lowered demand by reducing interest rates and to higher expected inflation by raising interest rates .
In reality , this is more of an opportunity than a problem : if we did not expect that doctors and nurses will be able to do marvelous things in a generation or two that they can not do now , we would not be projecting serious fiscal deficits arising from the health programs .
The central bias of this toolkit is that we should trust the market to solve the problems we set it , and that we should not expect small -LRB- or even large -RRB- changes to have huge effects .
Some focused on the `` conservative '' : they expected the Bush administration 's fiscal policy to keep a tight rein on spending and to eliminate many programs in order to finance significant tax cuts .
Others focused on the `` compassionate '' : they expected Bush 's fiscal policy largely to eschew tax cuts and to adopt largely Democratic spending priorities , including expanded federal aid to education and a prescription drug benefit , thereby showing that Republicans could run a more cost-effective version of the social-welfare state .
They expected tax cuts to be followed by a fangs-bared attack on social-welfare spending once deficits reemerged .
Or they could be content with whichever of the three strategies that they expected to see , agreeing that , in any case , fiscal policy was always going to be much better than it would have been under Democratic rule .
Within each country , the increase in inequality that we have seen in the past generation is predominantly a result of failures of social investment and changes in regulations and expectations , and has not been accompanied by any acceleration in the overall rate of economic growth .
We should be happy and grateful , but we should not expect it to continue .
Today , the smart money in financial markets takes a long-term view that asset prices are for the most part rational expectations of discounted future fundamental values .
Before 1985 , by contrast , financial markets were overwhelmingly dominated by the herd behavior of short-term traders , people who sought not to identify fundamentals , but to predict what average opinion would expect average opinion to be , and to predict it before average opinion did .
If global savers and investors expect the dollar 's depreciation to continue , they will flee the currency unless they are compensated appropriately for keeping their money in the US and its assets , implying that the gap between US and foreign interest rates will widen .
A world in which everybody expects a falling dollar is a world in economic crisis .
If the dollar has already fallen -- if nobody expects it to fall much more -- then there is no reason to compensate global savers and investors for holding US assets .
By contrast , sky-high US interest rates produced by a general expectation of a massive ongoing dollar decline is a macroeconomic problem without a solution .
Yet so far there are no signs that global savers and investors expect a dollar decline .
The large gap between US and foreign long-term interest rates that should emerge from and signal expectations of a falling dollar does not exist .
Brazil 's new President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva was elected with the same great expectations that brought the ex-paratrooper and coup leader Hugo Chávez to power in Venezuela three years ago .
President Lula 's poorest supporters undoubtedly expect him to transform Brazil from the world 's most unequal society into a modern social democracy .
But despite these expectations , Lula is unlikely to pursue anything like the chaotic `` Bolivarian Revolution '' Chávez unleashed .
For example , Lula 's Workers ' Party , which rejected pension reforms submitted by the previous Cardoso administration , expects Lula to preserve far more of the scheme than former President Cardoso believed possible .
More demanding are the expectations of speculators and investors in New York and London .
They expect Lula to accomplish the equivalent of Nixon 's trip to China -- to be the leftist who hard-headedly balances Brazil 's budget , eliminates foreign investors ' fear of debt repudiation via hyperinflation , and gives them fat capital gains on their Brazilian stocks and bonds .
Subtract 2.5 % for inflation , and you get a benchmark expected real return of 1.26 % .
Thus , the expected fundamental real return on diversified US stock portfolios right now is in the range of 6 % to 7 % .
The expected market return is that amount plus or minus expected changes in valuation ratios : will stocks return more as price-earnings ratios rise , or return less as price-earnings ratios fall ?
Finally , high finance allows for portfolio diversification , so that individual investors can seek high expected returns without being forced to assume large , idiosyncratic risks of bankruptcy and poverty .
But these are the benefits of high finance as they apply to the ideal world of economists -- that is , a world of rational utilitarian actors who are skilled calculators of expected utility under uncertainty , who are masters of dynamic programming , and who breathe stochastic calculus in their daily life .
· the Fed and the Treasury decided to let Lehman Brothers go into uncontrolled bankruptcy in order to try to teach financiers that having an ill-capitalized counterparty was not without risk , and that people should not expect the government to come to their rescue automatically .
Only if you think that there are additional large costs lurking down the road -- that the stimulus has destabilized price expectations and set in motion a destructive spiral of deflation , or that the stimulus has used up America 's debt capacity , driving up debt-service costs to a prohibitive level -- can the social profit turn negative .
Unexpected by researchers , such a force had nevertheless been predicted in 1915 by a modification that Albert Einstein proposed to his own theory of gravity , the general theory of relativity .
For two decades , expectations that an appreciating yen would restore external balance were repeatedly disappointed .
As this is constantly evolving in unpredictable ways , there is no reason to expect that the assumptions underlying any particular macroeconomic model will ever remain valid long enough for its steady-state solution to be achieved in practice .
While production had been just over five million tons in 1957 , he expected the country to catch up with or even surpass the United States by 1962 , producing 80-100 million tons per year , and to reach 700 million tons per year by the mid-1970 's , making China the undisputed world leader .
Some expected to expand their plants so that they would no longer be counted as inefficient -- a stratagem explicitly prohibited by the regulations .
Since the countries that carry the most sway with the junta also have strong commercial interests in Burma , we should not expect any of them to step up and take the lead on their own .
So far , uranium mining in Kazakhstan has increased roughly as expected , from 4,357 tons in 2005 to 8,521 tons in 2008 to 14,000 tons in 2009 .
According to the WNA 's latest estimates , from July 2010 , the expected uranium extraction figure for 2010 has actually been decreased to 15,000 tons .
One can also expect that the current worldwide economic crisis will not help to accelerate the construction of nuclear power plants and new uranium mines .
Many expect the king to pull a rabbit out of his hat , to restore peace and start raising the living standards of Nepal 's 25 million people , most of whom live below the poverty line .
Six weeks into his war crimes trial in the Hague - a process expected to last two years - Slobodan Milosevic still casts a long shadow over Serbia .
Armed with a very primitive computer and some very simple programs written by an undergraduate student , we began matching every new sequence against all previously reported sequences and found many wholly unexpected relationships .
Hence the skepticism , hence the expectation that Act III may open soon .
The coming year is likely to deliver 3 % growth , the most to be expected in a still fully employed economy .
Its price has crashed ; exaggerated expectations for the Euro have unraveled .
But do n't expect that turnaround soon .
Only 10 % expect it in the coming 6 months , and 50 % believe it will come only in a year or two .
Yet wages are vastly different and hence we expect lower retail prices in poorer cities and countries than in richer ones .
Socialism became a mess as great expectations of a workers ' paradise were bogged down in bureaucracy .
With such anemic growth , how can Latin America expect to compete in world trade except through ever shrinking wages ?
So we should expect more bad economic , social , and political news in the years ahead .
Across the region , politicians that writer Octavio Paz once referred to as `` philanthropic ogres '' create clients instead of citizens , people who expect instead of demand .
By 2016 , maize yields are expected to increase by as much as 30 % , benefiting up to 40 million people in 13 sub-Saharan countries .
And more is expected to come : in November 2008 , the Ecofin Council increased the ceiling for possible balance-of-payment loans to non-EMU countries to ¤ 25 billion .
There is no reason to expect this skillfulness to desert it this time around .
Ireland 's government debt is expected to rise to almost 80 % of GDP by 2010 , whereas just a year ago the European Commission projected that Ireland 's government debt would be below 30 % of GDP .
Likewise , whereas Spain was expected to decrease its debt ratio , its debt-to-GDP ratio is now likely to double between 2007 and 2010 , to more than 60 % .
In short , Google is changing expectations about what people can know -- even in the United States , where formal censorship is absent , but government obfuscation , opaque corporations , and the like are not .
With Google , people start to expect answers about everything .
Ideally , it would affect employees and citizens by changing their expectations .
It was n't laws that created online banking ; it was changed expectations and consumer demand .
Of course , there is no way to enforce full disclosure , but by creating explicit processes and expectations , we hope to reset norms .
We want people to expect to see such information , just as they now expect information about a food product or an item of clothing .
The National Transitional Council is debating who should take over Libya 's Central Bank and the LIA 's assets -- an especially important decision , given that oil production is not expected to return to pre-war levels for several years .
But are we being fair by comparing the various regions ' SWFs and expecting them to adhere to Western standards ?
Moreover , the Colombian Supreme Court is expected to reduce impunity further by amending the law that allows these trials to make all the paramilitaries ' assets available for compensation to their victims .
They are well-off , well-established members of society , not marginal figures whom we might expect to be drawn to desperate acts of violence .
More subtly , Microsoft can control expectations , which turn out to be self-fulfilling when network economies are substantial , as they are in software markets .
If everyone woke up tomorrow expecting that the world would shift to Apple within a year , sales of Windows would plummet .
Adding new features can speed the transition , but what is necessary is only that the new system be incompatible with existing systems in certain respects , and that a sufficient number of people expect that it will become the new standard .
Less affected by the financial crisis and the US recession will be those that have developed with an eye toward Asia nations -- particularly Chile , Colombia , and Peru -- , and have accumulated resources to meet unexpected financial storms .
These factors give good grounds for expecting further dollar weakness .
China is finally prepared to let the renminbi resume its slow but steady upward march . We can now expect the renminbi to begin appreciating again , very gradually , against the dollar , as it did between 2005 and 2007 .
With the US no longer viewed as a supplier of high-quality financial assets , one would expect the dollar to have weakened .
So , even if there are good reasons to expect a period of sub-par investment and employment growth , this need not translate into slow productivity or GDP growth .
Otherwise , one country 's restructuring will heighten expectations that others will follow , giving rise to contagion .
As a result , they have few skills that can be applied elsewhere if the job they expect fails to materialize .
As investors place their bets , the balance sheets of Greek banks and the Greek government will deteriorate further , which could cause bearish expectations to become self-fulfilling .
If this view is correct , we can expect to see global imbalances re-emerge once the recession is over and to unwind only slowly thereafter .
But unemployment has risen even faster and further than expected .
After the common currency 's first decade , however , increased divergence , rather than rapid convergence , has become the norm within the euro area , and tensions can be expected to increase further .
In the absence of some miraculous improvement in productivity growth of the same order as the Internet or globalization , the world can expect a lengthy period of low growth and exceedingly difficult fiscal consolidation .
NEWPORT BEACH -- Judging from the skittishness of both markets and `` consensus expectations , '' the United States ' economic prospects are confusing .
These are outcomes that fall well short of policymakers ' expectations , be it in America or in Europe . Indeed , for most of the post-crisis period , all of them have been understandably fixated on stimulating growth .
The overwhelming -- and sensible -- expectation is that the two parties will compromise and raise the debt ceiling before inflicting serious economic and financial dislocations .
In effect , the political system would again be kicking the can down the road , with real progress on necessary fiscal reforms expected only after the November 2012 presidential election .
Most observers expect a one-step process for bipartisan agreement before August 2 .
The baseline expectation , albeit subject to risk , is that Democrats and Republicans will find a way to avoid disruptions that would damage the fragile US economy , but that the compromise will not meaningfully address the need for sensible medium-term fiscal reforms .
Such denial is in no one 's interest . Not in the kind of Europe we still have to build -- a Europe where big and small countries are assured that they share the same rights and obligations , where minorities feel safe , where basic human rights are accepted as an inextricable part of our political system , and where neighbors are regarded with respect and expectations , not fear and anxiety .
Emotions and expectations ran high when the new democracies from the former East Bloc joined the EU only five years ago .
How can you possibly expect a country such as , say , France to accept being voted down by its EU partners on vital foreign and security policy issues ?
Many people nowadays do not expect to find the meaning of their lives by looking to God , Truth , or any other external moral framework .
Instead , they expect to find it by looking inward .
Having demonstrated remarkable restraint in 1989 , Russian leaders expected to be embraced by the West .
The post-Soviet economy crumbled , crime skyrocketed , and life expectancy declined .
If , however , such advantages were dramatic and mainly determined by biological change , we should expect to find them reflected in the material culture produced by these early , anatomically modern populations .
Lenin 's corpse remains there , but his departure is expected .
Few Russian policymakers , much less the Russian public , expected oil and gas prices to collapse as they have .
And since then Binyamin Netanyahu has lived down to every expectation of his statesmanship .
The ICC is not a kangaroo court , and allegations without substance can be expected to be treated accordingly .
When states preach virtues they do not practice , or set lower hurdles for allies , trading partners , or co-religionists than they do for others , irritation and non-cooperation are the least they can expect .
But some leaks are indefensible , and at least the sources must expect some punitive reckoning .
At the same time , we can expect a growing Atlantic community as successive rounds of trade liberalization make it easier to develop a free-trade area between the EU and the United States .
Thanks to decisive policy moves to pre-empt a housing bubble , the real-estate market has stabilized , and further corrections are expected soon .
Moreover , capital inflows increased significantly , owing to real investment opportunities in the high-growth economy and the expectation of renminbi revaluation .
And yet , even with damage to infrastructure such as road and rail links , the tsunamis ' overall economic impact is expected to be minor .
Reserves are defined as the quantities of petroleum that are expected to be commercially recoverable from known fields .
In 1996 , the approval of the first drug of a class called protease inhibitors led to the adoption of a multi-drug , anti-HIV regimen known as highly active antiretroviral therapy , or HAART . This advance dramatically transformed the quality of life and extended the life expectancy of HIV-infected individuals .
Most oil production increases are expected to come from just a few countries -- mainly in the Middle East , but also Canada with its vast oil-sands reserves , the Caspian region , and Brazil .
Unexpectedly , we find ourselves once again staring down the barrel of Malthus ' gun .
This is like expecting your modest annual salary to satisfy all the appetites you developed while burning through a large inheritance .
Second , since the US has a large trade deficit that can only be cured by a more competitive dollar -LRB- while the euro-zone countries collectively have a trade surplus -RRB- , investors expect a trend decline in the dollar .
Because of the lagged effects of monetary policy and the need to manage expectations , early tightening by the Fed would be appropriate .
But the unemployment rate could be over 9 % -- and possibly even more than 10 -- when it begins to act . If so , can we really expect Congress not to object ?
Although occasional bouts of nervousness in global financial markets cause the dollar to rise , I expect that the dollar will continue to fall relative to the euro , the Japanese yen , and even the Chinese yuan .
The current small difference between the real interest rate on such bonds -LRB- 2.1 % for 30-year bonds -RRB- and the nominal interest rate on conventional 30-year Treasury bonds -LRB- now 4.6 % -RRB- implies that the market expects only about 2.5 % inflation over the next three decades .
Greece 's unemployment rate already is 10 % , and its GDP is already expected to fall at an annual rate of more than 4 % , pushing joblessness even higher .
Moreover , surveys of consumer expectations show that US households expect prices to rise at more than 2 % in both the coming year and the more distant future .
That expected inflation rate is consistent with the difference in interest rates between ordinary US government bonds and Treasury Inflation Protected Securities .
With such expectations , consumers have no reason to put off purchases .
But , while inflation is very likely to remain low for the next few years , I am puzzled that bond prices show that investors apparently expect inflation to remain low for ten years and beyond , and that they also do not require higher interest rates as compensation for the risk that the fiscal deficit will cause real interest rates to rise in the future .
But do n't expect US officials to proclaim that goal openly , or Chinese officials to express their gratitude .
There is no reason to expect the stock market to keep rising at the rapid pace of 2010 .
Quantitative easing is scheduled to end in June 2011 , and the Fed is not expected to continue its massive purchases of Treasury bonds after that .
So , in two years , we can expect a debate about whether budget balance has then been achieved on a cyclically adjusted basis .
Failure to do so would not only create hardship for the millions of unemployed , but would also threaten political stability , which depends on the expectation of continuing economic prosperity .
Deflation is potentially a very serious problem , because falling prices -- and the expectation that prices will continue to fall -- would make the current economic downturn worse in three distinct ways .
Some economists have said that the best way to deal with deflation is for the central bank to flood the economy with money in order to persuade the public that inflation will rise in the future , thereby reducing expected real long-term interest rates .
Nevertheless , their expansionary actions have helped to raise long-term inflation expectations toward the target levels .
With these institutions in place , Kosovo 's people expect greater self-government .
The Cup 's organization has been exceptional -LRB- as was to be expected -RRB- , with excellent police work giving hooligans hardly a chance .
The whole of Germany has been celebrating a never-ending party with guests from all over the world -LRB- which was not expected -RRB- .
And the German team has put on a wonderful display of heart warming and modern offensive soccer -LRB- which nobody could have expected ! -RRB- .
It will , of course , be important who wins the presidency : a candidate expected to continue Bush 's foreign policy or someone ready for a new beginning .
But those who had expected that his visit would mainly be about the stalled negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians were bitterly disappointed .
While Israeli military intelligence is on record that Iran is expected to cross the red line on the path to nuclear power between 2010 and 2015 at the earliest , the feeling in Israel is that the political window of opportunity is now , during the last months of Bush 's presidency .
Although the generations alive today have witnessed two completely unexpected crises of epic proportions within the last 20 years , we indulge in a shocking collective repression of a climate disaster with far more serious -- and foreseeable -- consequences .
Life expectancy continues to decline ; investment in infrastructure , research , and education are stunted ; the economy is barely able to compete internationally ; and the social divide between poor and rich is deepening .
So it is worth looking back to the hopes that were linked to those wonderfully expectant days and nights on Maidan Square in the center of Kiev , and to Yushchenko 's electoral victory .
President Barack Obama 's speech in Cairo two years ago created great expectations , but few or none have been fulfilled .
Here , unexpected and genuinely new decisions have been announced : an additional US aircraft carrier group will be moved to the Persian Gulf ; Patriot anti-aircraft missiles will be stationed in the Gulf states ; and the additional 21,000 soldiers far exceed what the American generals had asked for to deal with Iraq .
And food shortages could grow much worse , as world population is expected to reach nine billion by 2050 or earlier .
To meet expected demand over the next 20 years , global food supplies must increase by an estimated 50 % .
Economists working on the macro economy , its micro foundations , exogenous and endogenous growth theory , the formation of expectations and problems of information and discrimination all refer back to Phelps .
His research program consisted of introducing the imperfection of information and knowledge into economic theory , which he then reformulated , giving serious consideration to agents ' expectations .
Indeed , we can expect his new theoretical framework to become a reference point in a decade or two .
The French still expect greater things from their government than from an integrated Europe or the boundless world .
As one would expect , there is no criterion , not even a theory , for determining when the use of force carries an excessive cost to civilian bystanders .
It is unexpected , with great shock value .
Although the world expects a negative decision , Israel can in fact muster a sound legal case .
American shame would be salutary if it led Americans to realize that they live in an interdependent world where nations can not undertake unilateral military adventures without suffering unexpected disasters .
As a result , no domestic retreat by SWFs can be expected to persist .
At the same time , the expected benefits of having SWFs as shareholders -- that is , of having a long , stable investor -- might simply be a mirage , which disappears precisely when that stability is most needed : during a global financial crisis .
And the G-20 unexpectedly agreed to triple the IMF 's resources and bring its reserve currency , special drawing rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- , back from the dead .
The rationale behind such joint action is that it provides a relatively stronger impact on the expectations of foreign exchange dealers and , therefore , on the exchange itself .
So long as these interests diverge , we should expect little coordination of foreign exchange policy between the two central banks .
Both studies showed that there are hundreds of regions of the genome that could have more or less than the expected two copies .
Of course , it is unrealistic and naïve to expect that the changes now underway in Libya will result in a rapid transition to European-style democracy .
Despite wide and persistent swings in actual currency markets , their so-called `` rational expectations models '' predict that exchange rates should not deviate from parity in any lasting way .
But both the `` rational expectations '' and the `` behavioral '' models are fundamentally flawed for the purpose of assessing policy interventions .
Today 's universities are expected to function as dispensers of credentials and engines of economic growth .
At the same time , it is unreasonable to expect the increasing number of academics on short-term contracts to defend the integrity of an institution that can not promise them job security .
The quality of articles is uneven , as might be expected of a self-organizing process , but it is not uniformly bad .
The expected norms of conduct of these students correspond exactly to Wikipedia 's content policy : one is not expected to do original research , but to know where the research material is and how to argue about it .
The autonomy of these orders rested on a proven long-term ability to do more than expected with what they were given .
But in Burma today , this spiritual philosophy , rooted in compassion and non-violence , has assumed unexpected dimensions of defiance and recalcitrance , as monks challenge the hegemony of the military junta that rules our country .
As a result , certain drugs are used much more frequently than would be expected from their approved indications .
The continent 's aggregate growth , at 4.5 % , is expected to lag behind the world average of 5 % in 2007 , but only because the largest countries , Mexico and Brazil , are growing more slowly .
It will likely take one or two decades , not just a year or two , the proposed time frame of American military presence in Iraq after the expected ouster of Hussein .
The young candidate 's unexpected popular support is rooted within the ruling coalition : his adoptive father is a prominent Socialist senator -LRB- his biological father , a leader of the revolutionary left in the 1970 's , was killed by Pinochet 's political police -RRB- .
The two most likely scenarios , then , are government continuity or predictable change -LRB- the right has been expected to capture the presidency for years -RRB- .
In foreign policy , Chile is expected to adopt a harsher stance towards the Cuban dictatorship and Venezuela 's President Hugo Chávez , while retaining the policy of integration with Argentina and Brazil , and of negotiation with Bolivia -LRB- over an old territorial dispute -RRB- .
The expectation that girls will grow up to do little other than serve their husbands reduces parents ' incentives to invest in their daughters ' education .
Uneducated women then have few alternatives , and the expectation becomes self-fulfilling , leaving women in a continuous cycle of powerlessness that has had significant adverse long-term effects .
On the contrary , children are often beaten by family members if they do not provide the daily wage expected of them , or by their bosses when they are inattentive or make a mistake .
It also means systematically considering cost and life expectancy in decisions about reimbursing high-technology medical care .
Although the threatened indictment of al-Bashir has prompted protest in Khartoum , no one expects him to appear in court soon .
But what could take the place of the stable exchange rate as an anchor for monetary policy and for tying down inflation expectations ?
The cleverest , most literally earth-shattering notions of physics for two generations came not from the expected powerhouses of the day , but from Budapest .
There are several examples of the kind of phenomena that , with the benefit of new insight , could lead to unexpected energy sources .
In each case , it is expected that a well-financed relief effort will descend from a wealthier region .
Medical centers and clinics would be expected to investigate the cause of ailments in a large number of their patients , even in cases where the symptoms seem common .
By 2100 , one billion to three billion people worldwide are expected to suffer from water scarcity .
No surprise , then , that governments have sought to manage our expectations carefully .
The president 's statement was unexpected .
Everywhere Russians are expected to support something without participating in creating it .
Sprawled over 11 time zones between the EU and the US , of which five border China , it is impossible to expect Russia to remain merely a regional power .
Russia is expected to act in ways that are beneficial to US and Western interests .
But the RCB 's track record since 1992 has done little to stabilize inflation expectations and to persuade businessmen , investors , government officials and ordinary Russians that it is genuinely focused on reining in price growth .
Should a sharp downturn take place , it may still be argued that such a correction has been long expected , and that a sharp shock is preferable to a slow and agonizing adjustment .
Indeed , high living standards and high social expectations make it political suicide for any party or leader to propose even the short-term sacrifices serious reform will entail .
Even in the rosiest economic scenario , expectations about rising living standards will outstrip reality , causing disenchantment .
High expectations for private-sector financing of infrastructure have gone largely unmet .
After all , one would not expect the United States ' banking system to collapse just because there was a housing bubble in California and the state of Michigan -LRB- similar in size to Greece -RRB- became insolvent .
In particular , they should be able to expect to be better off than those rushing to the exit .
In these two countries , lower housing prices are likely to be associated with a sharp and prolonged drop in domestic demand , which should be stronger even than what can be expected in the US .
But it is indispensable if the ECB is really to be independent , and if one expects that all members of the Governing Board , particularly the governors of national central banks , base their decisions only on the interests of the entire euro area -LRB- and not of their home country -RRB- .
National parliaments are expected to surrender their powers graciously .
Only then can one hope for full implementation of reforms and the virtuous circle of improved expectations and economic performance that should have been set in motion by the European Council 's Lisbon summit seven years ago .
Like Evita and Ché , he bore the people 's burden of expectation on his shoulders .
There he is , vulnerable , fat , and weak , but we expect strength .
The Barcelona Process , which Jacques Delors initiated in 1995 as head of the European Commission , had its merits , but failed to meet the expectations that it created . In 2005 , on the 10th anniversary of its launch , I joined political leaders from both sides of the Mediterranean in calling for a re-formulation of the partnership through the creation of a Euro-Mediterranean community .
At least , that was how things were shaping up prior to the war in Iraq . Then , despite massive US pressure , Turkey 's parliament unexpectedly rejected the government 's proposal to allow US troops in Turkey to launch an invasion from Turkish territory .
Male life expectancy is now less than 60 years , owing to alcoholism , crime , drugs , disease , and a dreadful public health system .
This translates into the United States and others spelling out the gains Palestinians can expect in a peace agreement with Israel and what Sunnis and Shia can reasonably expect in Iraq 's new political order .
First , it is important that expectations be kept modest .
Here , and elsewhere , the US will need to take the lead ; the parties can not be expected to reach consensus by themselves .
Fifth , the Palestinian leadership can not be expected to take risks for peace without political protection .
This is unexpected , because only six months ago the war in Iraq dominated the political landscape .
Also to be expected early on is a decision to close the facility at Guantánamo Bay , where terrorism suspects have been held for years without trial .
Instead , it could be expected to retaliate by attacking US forces in Afghanistan and Iraq , unleashing terrorist attacks throughout the region and the world , and interrupting the flow of tanker traffic through the Strait of Hormuz .
But this anticipation is also a problem for Obama , as it will be difficult -- and in some instances impossible -- for him to meet expectations .
And since Obama will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests -- and pressure -- that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
And China and other developing countries will be expected to do their share to reduce carbon emissions and slow the pace of global climate change .
Russia and China should expect enormous pressure from Obama to do more to discourage Iran from proceeding with uranium enrichment .
He expected regime change in Baghdad to lead to a democratic Iraq , a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the Arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit .
Four hundred million Indians still lack electricity ; India can not be expected to rule out greater use of coal if that proves to be the best way to produce electricity for one-third of its citizens .
Physical capital is in a better state than expected , and modern Iraq benefits from a deep reservoir of human capital .
Another set of lessons from the first Iraq war -LRB- and the second as well -RRB- suggests a limit to what can be expected from economic sanctions .
Quick or easy Senate approval of the New START arms-control treaty is highly unlikely , given stated concerns about verification and the protection of US missile-defense programs ; instead , we can expect delays and , possibly , attempts to amend what the two governments already agreed upon .
In many other areas , continuity can be expected to trump change .
-LRB- Republicans , however will argue for putting less pressure on Israel to compromise and more pressure on Iran . -RRB- But he can expect considerable backing from Republicans if he wants to maintain a sizeable US military presence in Afghanistan beyond this July , or a modest military presence in Iraq beyond the end of 2011 .
If marijuana were allowed to be marketed much like alcohol is now , we could expect more problem users than if it were regulated more like pharmaceutical drugs -LRB- say , by requiring users to be licensed ; restricting the number of sales locations , hours of sale , and licensed growers ; and imposing high rates of taxation on higher-THC marijuana -RRB- .
The post-crisis harmonization fervor in this area means that it will now be more costly everywhere in the EU to insure against currency volatility or unexpected changes in interest .
The main challenge for policymakers when crisis strikes is thus to manage market expectations .
But if the alternative view is right , America 's Treasury irresponsibly fueled bearish market expectations by bad-mouthing serious reform efforts and by denying the financial assistance that could have prevented them from becoming self-fulfilling .
Respected organizations like Reporters without Borders and Amnesty International have collected ample evidence of violence and intimidation against freethinking Cubans , who can expect a different kind of ring than that from jangling keys .
We believe that the former communist Central and Eastern European countries are in a unique position to support the democracy movements in Cuba based on the similarities of their histories and experiences . Our intentions in pushing for democratization are based on friendship and cooperation , good will and an understanding of the needs , expectations and hopes of Cuban people .
The death toll is expected to exceed 15,000 .
These are , indeed , delicate and changing times for the United States , especially at a time when Americans expect their president to be the `` emoter '' in chief .
Above all , we need to show patience with the new governments of the countries we hope to see evolving toward democracy , and avoid the tendency to expect instant gratification .
In the months ahead , we can expect the region 's countries to remain focused on issues of governance and capacity building , human rights , and how to create economies that respond to their restive citizens ' demands for a better life .
New Arab leaders will struggle mightily with the public 's rising expectations , and their willingness to get behind a peace process will take a backseat to that struggle .
If the peace process does not exist , the resulting vacuum might tempt some in the Arab world to deal with the problem of rising economic expectations -- and , alas , dashed political expectations -- through old-fashioned anti-Israel demagoguery .
Then , with Labor in power , Brown could expect in due time to receive the mantle .
But costs will come down once series production gets underway : Toyota says that it expects to `` shock '' the industry with its cost reduction numbers when it launches commercial production .
With expected technology improvements , the cost would drop to about $ 47\/kW by 2015 , within shouting range of the department 's target of $ 30\/kW , a benchmark figure that more or less corresponds to today 's manufacturing cost for gasoline engines .
Cultivating high expectations without progress could even be dangerous .
In the long run , the growing expectation gap would aggravate the inevitable setbacks , and political leaders who championed closer relations could even be replaced by hard-liners .
New laws , expected to be passed by the Frontier Assembly soon , follow the lead of Afghanistan 's former Taliban government .
Hekmatyar and Al-Qaida expect their task to be easier since the enemy is likely to have its attention focused on Iraq .
First , American impatience must be held in check . Pakistan is expected to deliver results on al-Qaeda and the Taliban .
Although this has further deepened pro- and anti-US divisions within the army , among both commissioned and non-commissioned officers , Musharraf clearly expects to remain president well beyond the October 2007 elections , as well as to extend further his term of leadership of the army .
One might have expected the Americans to know better than to bet all on a man who might be gone tomorrow .
Parents whose child is seriously ill , spouses who discover their partners ' extramarital affairs , or workers unexpectedly fired from valued jobs are defined as suffering mental disorders if they develop enough symptoms to meet the DSM criteria .
Already , we are expecting the tough conditions of the IMF 's reform program to be extended from five years to six .
Roughly 40,000 Saudis are expected to compete for 1,700 seats in 178 municipal councils .
Bridging the vast gap between high expectations and the reality of limited budgets and capabilities is a test in itself .
New leaders must also expect and manage setbacks .
In post-revolutionary times , expectations are high , and the obstacles to meeting them are enormous .
It is to be expected that the majority of research findings are rapidly contradicted and refuted ; indeed , it is part of how progress of science occurs .
But it would be a damaging to expect science to `` show off '' in this way .
The increase in diabetes as a result of population fattening is causing an epidemic of chronic kidney disease in a country where only one in four can expect to receive treatment .
Can models without an explicit , well developed financial sector be expected to explain an economic world in which financial markets play an ever-increasing role ?
From past experience with national currencies , Europeans could have expected that any of these shocks would trigger a severe crisis in foreign-exchange markets .
Indeed , the ECB has successfully anchored inflation expectations right from the start at a level consistent with its definition of price stability .
Moreover , once the markets expect substantial amounts of the common bond to be issued , interest rates on the huge stock of existing -- purely national -- bonds of solid countries would be likely to increase substantially .
To see why , recall that the immediate trigger for rising interest-rate spreads was financial markets ' growing concerns about the solidity of some euro-zone countries , owing to dramatic deterioration in their current and expected fiscal positions .
Thanks to America 's recently announced military agreement with Colombia , Chávez 's ideas got more of a hearing than might have been expected .
Another unexpected consequence of the US-Colombia military agreement may be a further heightening of tensions between Venezuela and Colombia .
Learning-by-doing , in turn , increases competitiveness and spurs economic growth , thereby improving investors ' expectations -- and inducing further investment .
The globalization of markets is acting as a powerful economic regulator of economies , but it is also destabilizing the world 's weakest zones . If the Maghreb countries fragment further into mutually hostile , protectionist entities , the only possible outcome is economic growth that is too slow to meet their populations ' expectations -- already raised by the mounting contrasts in living standards north and south of the Mediterranean .
Energy projects also could be strengthened , given that energy needs are expected to grow even faster south of the Mediterranean than in Europe .
The EU 's large states feel particularly vulnerable , and it is there that the biggest shock to expectations has occurred .
Industrial Revolution-era cotton makers in England did not make a great deal of money , even though their products revolutionized personal life and hygiene , and even extended life expectancy .
The G-20 summit has thus created enormous expectations that internationalism may once again overcome a plethora of economic problems .
Unfortunately , the magnitude of the expectations alone suggests that disappointment is almost certain .
First , as with the G-20 summit , everyone expected the London Conference to fail .
The founder of the rational expectations revolution , Robert Lucas , is endlessly quoted as having stated in 2003 in his presidential address to the American Economic Association that the `` central problem of depression-prevention has been solved , for all practical purposes , and has in fact been solved for many decades . ''
This is why banks suddenly look so unexpectedly profitable .
Something changes permanently . As we learned in 2009 , patterns of expectations and demand take a new shape .
Now , too , as borrowers find credit increasingly difficult to obtain , and as resentment toward banks -- and those responsible for regulating them -- grows accordingly , we can expect demands for political intervention to alter the distribution of credit .
Indeed , misrepresentation by governments -- driven by the belief that political ingenuity can stabilize expectations -- is actually at the root of many financial crises .
After successful experiments in smaller economies , New Zealand in 1990 and then Canada in 1991 , and later in Sweden and the United Kingdom , the conviction developed that the new approach represented a superior way of dealing with the problem of inflationary expectations .
Köhler 's successor , Rodrigo Rato , had been the leader of Spain 's center-right party , which was unexpectedly defeated in the 2004 general election by current Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero .
The extent of destruction of Iraqi tanks during this war is not yet public information , but the same ground pollution can be expected .
Over half of the dead will be aged 30 to 69 , losing about 25 years of life expectancy .
Because control policies deter children from starting , even greater benefits can be expected beyond 2050 .
Even after many rounds of talks , no resolution is in sight , and Hu 's visit is not expected to produce any breakthroughs .
Given this , we should expect Greek debt yields to rise further , despite the current IMF program .
Some people expected Paul Ryan , a rising star within the Republican Party who will become Chairman of the House budget committee in the next Congress , to provide a fiscally responsible anchor to the next round of the deficit debate in the US .
Ordinarily , you might expect House Republicans to blink at this stage of the negotiations , but there is a hardline minority that actually appears to think that defaulting on government debt would not be a bad thing .
We can expect to hear all kinds of misleading excuses from EU sources for excluding the IMF : `` the Fund is too American , '' `` Europe must resolve its own problems , '' and `` the IMF is not appropriate to our circumstances . ''
Moreover , Greek public workers should expect massive pay cuts , which , in Greece 's poisonous political climate is a sure route to dangerous levels of civil strife and violence .
Of course , if anything goes wrong , everyone who is TBTF -- and who has lent to TBTF firms -- expects to receive government protection .
This expectation lowers the cost of credit for megabanks today -LRB- relative to their competitors , which are small enough that they are more likely to be allowed to fail -RRB- .
A collapse in fertility rates , coupled with longer life expectancy , is driving a rapid and pronounced aging of populations .
When this number falls as a result of lower fertility rates , and when higher life expectancy swells the ranks of pensioners , the only way to sustain PAYG systems is to decrease the level of benefits relative to contributions .
Unfortunately , this intuitively simple expectation does not fit with what actually happens in most industrialized countries .
Leaflets dropped on villages announced , `` The Vietcong hide among innocent women and children in your villages ... If the Vietcong in this area use you or your village for this purpose , you can expect death from the sky . ''
Only an inclusive approach to reform can meet peoples ' expectations , and in turn spread contentment .
Today that figure is one in two -- 3.3 billion people , according to United Nations statistics -- and the percentage of urban dwellers is expected to reach 70 % by 2050 .
There is a lot of goodwill to ensure a democratic dividend for these countries , while of course managing expectations .
If the nations of North Africa are to succeed in meeting the needs and expectations of their peoples , policymakers must draw the appropriate lessons from the past -- and aim to get it right this time around .
Time to Bring Mahatma Gandhi Back NEW YORK -- The Congress Party 's unexpected landslide in India 's general election was greeted with euphoria .
Observers expect the young Gandhi to become prime minister within two years .
Abe recognizes the new challenges posed by proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and terrorism , and has acknowledged the rising expectation , at home and abroad , that Japan 's contribution to international security must grow .
Abe says that he would `` expect '' the early adoption of the referendum law needed to amend the constitution .
Akio Kyuma , the Director-General of the Defense Agency , which is expected to be transformed into the Ministry of Defense , was instrumental in preventing Aso 's ally , Fukushiro Nukaga , from running for LDP president .
But high expectations , both domestically and internationally , can lead to huge disappointments .
For Japan , too , there is justification in responding to such global expectations .
Of course , restoring peace and security is taking much more time than expected .
More is at stake than maritime interests . With a revision of Japan 's National Defense Program expected by year 's end , the prime minister 's Council on Security and Defense Capabilities has indicated a need to respond to China 's military expansion , particularly its buildup of armed forces .
`` China is now in the stage of surging nationalism , and the trend is expected to continue in the future , '' the Council warned in its interim report , concluding that , `` Japan must take appropriate actions in response to each incident '' in which China attempts to `` gradually advance its defense line -LRB- ocean-ward -RRB- . ''
By 2010 , China is expected to have 70 of the most modern surface vessels , several modern strategic nuclear submarines , and several tens of modernized attack submarines , exceeding the modern forces of both Taiwan 's navy and even Japan 's Maritime Self-Defense Force , at least in quantitative terms .
For those Asian countries that recall Japan 's moderate and sensible advancement of regional policies since the 1960 's , there is a growing expectation that Japan should re-think its stance .
Such abuse of power is inadmissible , and we expect ASEAN to address the military 's use of rape in the conflict in Burma .
Indeed , though the UNPO , to which both belong -- alongside Assyria and the Buffalo River Dene Nation -- has a vaguely Marx Brothers ' air to it -LRB- one expects Freedonia , the mythical country of which Groucho Marx was prime minister , to be on the roster -RRB- , six member states already have left it to join the UN , and Kosovo , now independent if lacking UN recognition , will eventually follow .
Ahmedinejad 's election two years ago came with great expectations , with the new president pledging to `` bring oil prices to the dining table of all households in Iran , '' and to crack down on corruption .
Mir Hossein Moussavi , a former prime minister , and Abdullah Nouri , a former interior minister , are also expected to enter the race .
In his first speech after the story broke , he made no reference to it , most likely expecting the president to make a statement .
Ethanol accounts for more than 50 % of current light-vehicle fuel demand in the country , and Petrobras -- Brazil 's energy giant and one of the largest companies in Latin America -- expects this share to increase to more than 80 % by 2020 .
Chief Designer Sergei Korolev was expected to call from the Tyuratam launch site -LRB- later renamed Baikonur Cosmodrome -RRB- in Kazakhstan to report on the launch of the world 's first man-made satellite .
By its nature communism -- whose bureaucracy still exists in almost unadulterated form in the countries of the former Soviet Union -- spawned lobbies and clans with a combined might that even the closest-knit family can scarcely expect to overcome .
Yet the true test of a ruler is not to pander to his people 's expectations , but to peer into the future and match the country 's aspirations with its needs and capacities .
Russia is supposed to be a mystery , but it rarely surprises the world in living down to expectations : most analysts were certain that Putin would find a way to stay in power even without amending the constitution .
But , as predictable as Russia 's undemocratic system of governance usually is , the country does defy expectations once in a while .
But neither Khrushchev , nor Mikhail Gorbachev , nor Boris Yeltsin were able to uproot Russia 's stubborn culture of indifference and subordination , precisely because they insisted on top-down change and expected that the Russian people would simply acquiesce en masse .
With the presidential term now extended to six years , we can expect an encore lasting up to 12 years -- longer than Putin 's original performance .
You expect nothing . You can only keep trying , keep pushing .
I expect particularly great things of my fellow Koreans , a remarkable people who have come into their own .
In China , green capital investment is expected to grow from $ 170 million in 2005 to more than $ 720 million in 2008 . -LRB- In just a few short years , China has become a world leader in wind and solar power , employing more than a million people . -RRB-
In Germany , environmental technology is expected to quadruple over the coming years , reaching 16 % of manufacturing output by 2030 and employing more people than the auto industry .
Cameroon is expected to attract $ 10 billion over the next few years to develop some of the most promising new mineral reserves in the region , while Equatorial Guinea is pushing infrastructure development .
He has always shown scant regard for his people 's plight , and he still expects to get two-thirds or more of the oil and food he needs from China .
And , while the people of Japan were grateful for Taiwan 's unexpected generosity , the Japanese government failed to offer any thanks , despite running advertisements in major newspapers expressing gratitude for the relief sent from other countries .
The company is planning to build a new factory in 2011 , with production capacity of 300,000 cars per year for a market expected to reach two million in sales this year .
Both American presidential candidates , Barack Obama and John McCain , have made clear that they expect the Pakistani government to take action against militants , and that they would be willing to authorize strikes inside Pakistan .
All of this represents an utterly unexpected recovery from the vast public and private external indebtedness of just a decade ago .
Since mid-2007 , expectations regarding long-term sustainability have been weakening . Indeed , the efficiency of public spending is doubtful , with scant positive results to show for it .
This hampers the optimization process , and is one of the main reasons why several large projects investigating energy production using more abundant Uranium-238 or Thorium -LRB- fast breeder reactors -RRB- were closed in Europe and the United States before they achieved the expected level of performance .
Therefore , for some time , it was not expected that the properties of the strong force could be directly derived from the properties of gluons .
The appearance of such clear gluonic structures was unexpected ; the experiments at HERA were not designed to study them .
And , as the history of physics has shown , a better understanding of natural forces will open new , completely unexpected possibilities .
Russia felt betrayed in its expectations that the Cold War 's end would mean the demilitarization of Central and Eastern Europe .
Because the expected gridlock in parliament would make reforms less likely , companies might hold off on investment , while consumers would be more likely to keep their wallets closed , because official policy would be even less clear than it is now .
Indeed , a case even can be made that with the new leadership at the Federal Reserve expected to embrace European-style `` inflation targeting , '' we may be entering a period in which the Fed follows the ECB on critical monetary matters rather than the other way round .
Inflationary expectations , as measured by the rates on certain market instruments , actually fell after the hike , indicating increased confidence that the ECB will keep a lid on price pressures .
The recently rising euro also has helped keep down European long-term interest rates -- a key determinant of economic activity -- as inflationary expectations deteriorated somewhat in the euro-zone area .
During April , the rise in inflationary expectations and the euro 's appreciation occurred more or less concurrently .
Of course , not everyone in Europe can be expected to be equally enthusiastic about a stronger euro .
It shows that current conditions are good , but that expectations about future conditions have dropped off significantly .
ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet indicated at his July press conference that the bank plans to raise interest rates by 25 basis points on August 3 , not August 31 , as expected . This implies an interval of two months between interest-rate moves instead of the three-month interval that has become standard ECB practice in the current interest-rate cycle .
The next rate hike in the normalization process is expected in October , two months after the expected August move .
But 2006 turned out to be a good year for growth in Europe , as surprising strength in exports sparked unexpected increases in domestic demand .
One would have expected the modern-day William Jennings Bryan to be warning central bankers not to crucify mankind on a `` cross of moral hazard and no-bailouts . ''
The key to understanding financial markets , especially when they are as unsettled as they have been in recent weeks , is not a change in preferences , but inherent imperfection of knowledge and altered expectations concerning the future course of macroeconomic fundamentals .
By in effect cutting rates from their expected levels , the ECB joined the US Federal Reserve in moving from a policy of indifference to one of reassurance . This should help stabilize financial markets .
In the midst of the most serious financial crisis in recent memory , the ECB has resorted to an unconvincing bluff , because it has an inflationary expectations problem .
Higher rates would have meant lower inflation , so that inflationary expectations would not be the issue they have become .
Several frustrated hawks on the Governing Council are dead set against cutting interest rates precisely because they believe that , at 4 % , rates already have been `` cut '' from the 5 % or so levels they had expected to achieve .
Being out of step also focuses attention on the fact that the ECB is in danger of losing control over inflationary expectations .
The US Federal Reserve can cut 100 basis points from the federal funds rate and not lose control over US inflationary expectations . Yet , the ECB can not cut interest rates 1 basis point because it fears euro-zone inflationary expectations are becoming unglued .
Of course , with an augmented supply of euros , China can be expected to make substantial investments in Europe , which also is a good thing , especially since , in the United States at least , China has demonstrated a preference for investments in financial institutions rocked by the sub-prime crisis .
Inflationary expectations are stable , and the Governing Council runs smoothly .
The introduction of the euro currency was accomplished more smoothly than even the ECB had expected .
Suddenly , however , something is changing and for totally unexpected reasons .
The death of Pope John Paul II was not unexpected , and his immense influence on the modern world will be judged and commented on by everybody who thinks that he has something to say .
So when , a hundred years after Leo XIII , John Paul II issued his encyclical Centesimus Annus , no one expected that for the first time in history the Church would approve of the free market economy and capitalism .
The economy is slowing -- the Bank of Korea cut its growth forecast for this year to 4.7 % , while the OECD expects only 4.3 % growth -- inflation is rising , and some are concerned that Lee 's policies are too geared toward foreign investors and big business .
In view of the oppressive -- and unprecedented -- abundance of problems with which Obama is confronted at home and abroad , he will certainly not be able to fulfill all expectations .
If the Arab societies now in turmoil had democratic traditions , they could be expected to find compromises peacefully , through open and honest debate .
They will consider both easing repression , in order to gain sympathy , and tightening it , in order to prevent uncontrollable protests . But , whatever they do , they -- and the rest of the world -- must now expect surprises .
The appointment of George Mitchell , who opposes Israel 's West Bank settlements , and Mitchell 's decision to open an office in Jerusalem , speaks volumes about what the new Israeli government should expect from the Obama administration .
On such fundamental issues of Arab consensus , it is simply illogical to expect an Arab broadcaster to be even-handed .
The main component of the PLO 's agreement with Israel was a five-year interim period during which negotiations were expected to lead to an independent Palestinian state alongside Israel .
RAMALLAH -- Palestinians and Israelis have different and possibly contradictory expectations from the indirect negotiations that the United States has pushed both sides into beginning .
Few expect that to happen .
Unfortunately , therefore , the indirect negotiations now being launched are unlikely to produce any tangible result on the borders of the Palestinian state . Indeed , to expect such results by the proposed four-month deadline is highly implausible .
Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad has been active in executing a strategic plan that is expected to lead to a de facto Palestinian state within a year and a half .
After gaining Security Council support , the US , Europe , and some Arab countries began doing exactly what should be expected of the international community when a government is preparing to butcher its own citizens : prevent the slaughter .
The new Palestinian president faces a challenging agenda and high popular expectations .
Anwar can finally make the opposition a credible check on the National Front ruling coalition , but knows that he will never become prime minister this way . No one , after all , expects the opposition to win enough seats to form a government in the conceivable future .
Political restrictions on Anwar , however , end next month , and an MP from his Justice Party -- probably his wife -- is expected to step aside to allow him to run in a by-election .
If Anwar were to marry his leadership and charisma to the opposition 's newfound heft in the federal legislature -- 82 MPs , compared with 20 in the last parliament -- serious policy alternatives to the government 's might be expected .
-LRB- Kelantan state , however , was always expected to continue to be held by PAS . -RRB-
In short , it is unrealistic of the EU to expect European outcomes from countries like Ukraine and Moldova without making a full commitment to them .
Thus , while liberalization of Japan 's capital market in the early 1980s tied Japanese and US interest-rate movements , Japanese interest rates were discounted by the expected rate of currency appreciation .
Moreover , Kazakhstan 's strategic importance has increased as a result of recent revelations that the country 's Kashagan oil field will produce 25 % more than initially expected at peak production .
Because their currency pegs were adjustable -- and thus revocable -- the soaring interest rates and sustained market intervention needed to defend them merely fueled expectations of devaluation , which became self-fulfilling with a stampede on domestic bank deposits .
The current state of affairs fails to meet their expectations , especially when contrasted with an idealized version of the past or the new patterns of consumption portrayed in the media .
So expectations outpace reality , with politicians contributing to this by promising more than they can deliver -- and thus losing the trust of their constituents .
More than 50 trillion cubic meters of natural gas , and misleading expectations , are about to recreate this pattern of underdevelopment in Bolivia .
Concentration of resources is probably the key factor , because it increases both the discretionary power of whoever controls them and the population 's social expectations , which in the end can not ever be met , because the caudillo 's power depends on maintaining that concentration of resources . Caudillismo will be weakened only if profits are not captured by the state , but directly shared with citizens in a stable and continuous manner .
In the 2002 elections , Morales received an unexpected boost from the US ambassador , who , by declaring himself against Morales , stirred up nationalist sentiment .
At the current rate of emissions , this `` budget '' will be exhausted in 20 years ; if emissions increase as expected , the world will become carbon `` insolvent '' even sooner .
To manage this situation , no panaceas are on offer , and no miracles expected .
They are expected to rank second by 2020 , behind only heart disease .
The earthquake gave Wen an unexpected second opportunity .
Meanwhile , global growth in real wages , which slowed dramatically in 2008 , is expected to have dropped even further in 2009 , despite signs of a possible economic recovery .
But such an insignificant rate hike will do little to relieve long-term pressures , because investors will expect more rate hikes and move money into China , increasing upward pressure on the yuan 's exchange rate .
It was expected that out of this sea of democratic emotion new political institutions would emerge .
Because Russia claims the status of a world power , it is expected to show restraint and responsibility .
Nor does the Russian economy 's contraction and the expected deepening of poverty -LRB- the World Bank 's report released in late June was grimmer about Russia than its previous report -RRB- presage an immediate catastrophe .
A high turnout in favor of pro-democracy candidates is expected , although this wo n't guarantee them a majority in the legislature because of Hong Kong 's unusual political structure .
However , by 2100 , even the most pessimistic forecasts from the UN expect the average person in the developing countries to be richer than now , and thus better able to cope .
Global average life expectancy in 1900 was 30 years ; today , it is 68 years .
Perhaps most importantly , all of these positive trends are expected to continue .
The United Nations estimates that average life expectancy will reach 75 years by the middle of the century , and that the proportion of those going hungry will drop below 4 % .
Most of the world 's urban areas have already experienced far more dramatic temperature hikes over the past few decades than the 2.6 ° C increase expected from global warming over the next hundred years .
These scientists are engaged in excellent , painstaking work that establishes exactly what the world should expect from climate change .
Gore told the world in his Academy Award-winning movie -LRB- recently labeled `` one-sided '' and containing `` scientific errors '' by a British judge -RRB- to expect 20-foot sea-level rises over this century .
Stopping temperatures from rising by more than 2 ° C would require draconian , instant emission reductions -- for the OECD the reductions would have to be between 40-50 % below their expected path in just 12 years .
Thus , the sea-level rise is expected to pick up again .
The Worst of All Worlds COPENHAGEN -- Have you noticed how environmental campaigners almost inevitably say that not only is global warming happening and bad , but also that what we are seeing is even worse than expected ?
This is odd , because any reasonable understanding of how science proceeds would expect that , as we refine our knowledge , we find that things are sometimes worse and sometimes better than we expected , and that the most likely distribution would be about 50-50 .
But it is simply not correct that climate data are systematically worse than expected ; in many respects , they are spot on , or even better than expected .
An average of all 38 available standard runs from the IPCC shows that models expect a temperature increase in this decade of about 0.2 ° C.
Temperatures in this decade have not been worse than expected ; in fact , they have not even been increasing .
On the most important indicator of global warming , temperature development , we ought to hear that the data are actually much better than expected .
Whereas energy in terms of temperature can disappear relatively easily from the light atmosphere , it is unclear where the heat from global warming should have gone -- and certainly this is again much better than expected .
We hear constantly about how the Arctic sea ice is disappearing faster than expected , and this is true .
IPCC models would expect declining sea ice in both hemispheres , but , whereas the Arctic is doing worse than expected , Antarctica is doing better .
Should we not be told that this is much better than expected ?
That is definitely better than expected .
Clearly , a policy of reducing CO2 emissions would have had zero consequence on Katrina 's devastating impact on New Orleans , where such a disaster was long expected .
The UN expects about a 30-centimeter sea-level rise over this century -- about what we saw over the past 150 years .
By the end of the century , the United Nations expects the average person to be 1,400 % richer than today .
If my experience is any guide , the members of the Hartwell group should expect to be attacked as heretics for questioning the Kyoto orthodoxy .
As the saying goes , `` insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result . ''
A 20-foot rise in sea levels -LRB- which , not incidentally , is about ten times more than the United Nations climate panel 's worst-case expectations -RRB- would inundate about 16,000 square miles of coastline , where more than 400 million people currently live .
And after 20 years of much talk but precious little action on global warming , a certain amount of frustration is to be expected .
In the 1980 's , America 's Environmental Protection Agency expected oceans to rise by several metres by 2100 .
By the 1990 's , the IPCC was expecting a 67-centimeter rise .
It was easier than we expected to recruit good people for Securum , because working in the public interest for this pioneering state-owned bad bank was perceived as a unique challenge .
Nevertheless , as long as we see a chance to escape death , we run from it , and we expect those who take care of us to look for the escape routes .
Perhaps a maximally extended life expectancy is of higher value to you than living in a society where doctors do not leave curable patients to die if they can not pay for the required treatment out of their own pockets .
The EU 's greater economic power still attracts other countries , but this power might lose its luster if the EU continues to disappoint them by failing to meet their expectations .
A sullen passivity is the most that Saddam can expect from Iraqis .
An uprising that would give the allies the city without a fight , however , is too much to expect so long as they fear that Saddam might survive to punish them .
How will he manage the growing middle class 's expectations of better infrastructure , expanded access to health care and education , uninterrupted electricity and water supplies , and more efficient transport facilities ?
Iranians expect to perform on par with China and India .
This national dialogue , held under security measures that have basically shut down central Beirut , began March 2 and is expected to last up to ten days .
The attack on the towers of Babel was unexpected but not unpredictable in so far as it represented the hatred of Allah 's fanatical followers for the symbols of modernity .
Although we can not expect a miraculous reincarnation of the criminal Mailat , we can and must ask for a radical review of the situation that marginalized people like him face .
How can a country be expected to prosper if the majority of its citizens harbor only a secondary allegiance to the state ?
Iranian films and the much loved Indian TV serials , not to mention the occasional American film , influence peoples ' expectations .
But the fiscal realities on both sides of the Atlantic nowadays are very similar , and only lingering trust in the promise of America keeps alive the expectation among some Europeans that some grand American coup de théâtre will resolve the country 's dire debt situation .
Moreover , as Nepal aspires to become a federal democratic republic , expectations are high among diverse groups for greater control of their lives and resources .
Reaching a national consensus will be a formidable task for the Constituent Assembly , and meanwhile the Nepali people can not be expected to wait patiently until a new constitution is drafted to see real improvement in their daily lives .
Now the public is increasingly disenchanted with the DPJ , which it expected to jump-start Japanese politics .
Kan 's status quo approach to alliance management wo n't hold up long , because Hatoyama 's bungling has inflated Okinawans ' expectations about evicting the Marines .
Building a Safe Nanotechnology Future We are living -- according to some -- on the brink of a nanotechnology revolution , where matter is engineered at a scale thousands of times smaller than the eye can see , and familiar materials behave in unexpected ways .
One might expect that national and international non-governmental organizations would fill the gap .
In doing so , Wade broke ranks with the rest of the African Union , naively expecting to gain French and Western support for his bid to retain power .
They derive their powers from the fragmentation of the continent , and one can not expect them to renounce that stance for the sake of the well-being of the masses .
While most Asian countries have had relatively limited direct exposure to mortgage-related assets , deleveraging by foreign investors and slowing external demand have simultaneously created tighter credit conditions and lower expectations for growth .
The human space effort , nonetheless , departed from the plan in unexpected ways .
In contrast to human space flight , which has lagged behind expectations , the robotic space effort has exceeded them .
If a discrete exchange-rate appreciation is to be sustained , it must reflect expected monetary policies : tight money and deflation in the appreciated country , and easy money with inflation in the depreciated country .
European integration , is felt to have , somehow met its Waterloo in 2005 , when Dutch and French referendums unexpectedly torpedoed the draft EU constitution .
Emphasizing China 's meteoric rise means less understanding in the rest of the world of the need to sustain rapid economic development in order to satisfy the expectations of its 1.3 billion inhabitants .
Silvio Berlusconi , the leader of the right-wing alliance , will win his third election -LRB- he has also lost twice -RRB- , while the vote for the Senate is expected to produce a draw .
With public debt expected to stand at 102 % of GDP in 2009 , rising inflation , and growth of just 0.2 % , it will be difficult to keep electoral promises .
Just as financial markets seem to have calmed , European leaders have once again raised expectations of a major policy move -- only to see yet another summit devolve into squabbling .
An organizer of the November 17 rally told me that he knew it was over that very day , when he expected several hundred people and 20,000 showed up .
In Memory of Bronis?aw Geremek Warsaw -- When a friend dies unexpectedly , we recall his face , his smile , the conversations forever unfinished .
While the direct fiscal costs of supporting the financial sector were 2.5-3 % of GDP in developed countries -LRB- with peaks around 4.5 % -RRB- , the total fiscal impact of the crisis is much larger , amounting to the total expected increase in public debt -- an estimated 40 % of GDP .
Rather than poor countries growing faster than the rich -LRB- as we would expect from Economics 101 -RRB- , mainly the reverse is true .
Last December , the US Food and Drug Administration issued a public Drug Safety Communication about results from a large study conducted in France -- the Santé Adulte GH Enfant , or SAGhE , study -- which found an increased risk for death with biosynthetic human growth hormone therapy relative to the general French population . There were 93 deaths in the treated group , compared with the 70 expected from a statistical calculation .
Thus , to expect the same death rate in such patients as in the general population would be like blaming insulin for decreased longevity in diabetics -LRB- who suffer cardiac and renal disease more frequently than non-diabetics -RRB- .
In fact , it would be big medical news if there were no increase in deaths in patients treated with growth hormone , because that would imply that the drug actually provides a life-prolonging effect in a population expected to die prematurely .
We would expect to see a large number of illnesses among both employees and patients in hospitals where the victims are treated , and soon someone -LRB- perhaps even a carrier who is not ill -RRB- would spread it to Ankara , Istanbul , Tbilisi , Damascus , Baghdad , and beyond . The anti-flu drugs Tamiflu and Relenza are extremely expensive and in short supply .
Nobody can be sure about the consequences of making new forms of life , and we must expect the unexpected and the unintended .
In short , despite rosy appearances , Brazil clearly faces a complex and , in some respects , daunting agenda , which newly elected President Dilma Roussef can not be expected to accomplish within her current mandate .
But there has clearly been a great deal of reliance on this strategy , with companies shedding employees not only because they must , but often because they have not met Wall Street analysts ' financial expectations .
The dramatic weakening of the US dollar may help America to narrow its massive trade deficit , but we should not expect any sustained improvement without drastic changes in American management .
Party strategies are leading them in unexpected directions .
With average male life expectancy just 57 years , the country is losing close to 800,000 people annually .
As a European , I and people like me almost instinctively expect more from Russia .
Russia is rich , but Russians , at least most of them , remain poor , with a life expectancy that is closer to Africa than to Western Europe .
Indeed , on issues such as law and order , respect for authority , and nationalism , one finds her positions far from what one would expect of a Socialist candidate .
Finally , while this election was expected to usher in a new generation of politicians , few were prepared to anticipate the peaceful political tsunami that a Bayrou victory would bring .
Regardless of whether some in the United States encouraged Saakashvili , he did not expect -- but he should have -- the `` hyper-charged '' reaction from Russia .
Yet in the realm of transatlantic relations , as is true globally , it is unwise to expect too much from a single man , whatever his exceptional qualities .
Second , whereas democracy and market capitalism appeared as clear -- if more fragile than expected -- winners in 1989 , it is difficult in 2009 , with the spread of the global crisis , to distinguish winners from losers .
Today , similar hopes are often vested in the Internet , with high expectations that the wealth of online information might trigger the same kind of censorship failure in contemporary authoritarian states that we saw in Eastern Europe -- and with the same results .
Such expectations are not entirely unfounded , because most Internet censorship systems are not perfect .
Contrary to Western expectations , most of this domestic Internet censorship is carried out not by the government 's Internet police , but by Chinese Web hosting companies , which are being held legally responsible for what their users publish .
Barring some catastrophic change , this method of information control can be expected to continue well into the 21st century .
MILAN -- What can we expect as the world 's economy emerges from its most serious downturn in almost a century ?
Indeed , it is not reasonable to expect that any country , rich or poor , should set or agree to 50-year targets .
No one should expect that the costs of combating climate change will be low .
But those costs will have a significantly higher expected value if we do not adopt sensible global strategies that include adjusting our mitigation efforts in response to new information .
Little wonder , then , that many knowledgeable analysts reasonably expect post-crisis growth in advanced countries to be lower , perhaps by 0.5 to 1 % .
One can think of periodic systemic risk as an inherent tendency toward reversion to the mean : short - and medium-term returns can deviate considerably and for extended periods from the expected long-run returns associated with various investment strategies and capabilities .
This renewed sense of belonging to the same human family and the same moral universe resonated profoundly with Mediterranean Europeans , who found , in the claims and expectations emerging on the opposite shore , echoes of their own unfulfilled claims and expectations .
But Islamists did not play a big role in Egypt or Tunisia , and they are not expected to lead any of the new governments that are formed -- though they are an important part of Arab societies and should play a role in their emerging regimes .
But it is a reasonable expectation -- often legitimately reinforced through civic education for all children -- that citizens know how to participate in public affairs , and especially that they know what their and others ' rights are .
Greece 's fiscal deficit is expected to reach 12.7 % of GDP this year , far exceeding the SGP 's 3 % - of-GDP cap .
`` It is not from the benevolence of the butcher , the brewer , or the baker that we expect our dinner , but from their regard to their own interest , '' Smith wrote .
When American troops were captured in Iraq , President Bush said that he expects them to be treated humanely .
So the government-controlled media took aim at another antagonist , the Communist Party , which apparently never expect an attack on this scale .
Alexis de Toqueville claimed that unfulfilled hopes lie at the basis of every revolution , that every revolution is engendered by disillusion caused by exaggerated expectations .
In consenting to become prime minister , Putin is well aware of what to expect . After all , he served as prime minister for several months in 1999 .
By 2020 , that contribution is expected to rise to 73 % of all deaths and 60 % of the global burden of disease .
This debate is both welcome and to be expected ; improving diet and finding ways to increase physical activity is a complex issue .
Likewise , however desirable its ability to produce the unexpected and unforeseeable , science today can not claim that it is not accountable to society .
The more that unexpected results , brought forth by research in the laboratory , are a precondition for further innovations , the more pressure there is to bring the production of knowledge under control , to direct research in specific directions , and to tame scientific curiosity .
Politicians expect research to function as a motor of economic growth .
Kenya 's bumpy road to democracy is no different from that of many other countries in Africa whose political transitions were heralded with high expectations .
But so low are American expectations that they scarcely care .
In the new , reality-show version of that dream , countless Americans came to expect to be able to live , look , dance , and party like celebrities , or else feel themselves to be failures .
The feminist critique , for example , has totally remade elementary-level education , where female decision-makers prevail : the construction of male hierarchies in the schoolyard is often redirected nowadays for fear of `` bullying , '' with boys and girls alike expected to `` share '' and `` process '' their emotions .
None of this means that men and women should not try to adjust to each other 's wishes , ask for shared responsibility with housework , or expect to be `` heard . ''
Today Japan ranks first in the world in the number of patents , third in expenditure on research and development as a share of GDP , second in book sales and music sales , and highest for life expectancy .
Because its preferred approach of regime change has proven slower than expected , and because time plays into Kim 's hands , the Bush administration faces three other options in attempting to deal with North Korea 's nuclear weapons .
Bush administration officials argue that the new plan is `` not an open-ended commitment : we are putting real , specific requirements and expectations on the Iraqi government . ''
Most demographers expect Russia 's population to shrink significantly over the coming decades .
The same day , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates criticized China for unexpectedly curtailing American ship visits to Chinese ports because of American arms sales to Taiwan .
But the fact that military power is not always sufficient in particular situations does not mean that it has lost the ability to structure expectations and shape political calculations .
There was ample precedent for both American decisions , but some Chinese leaders expected Obama to be more sensitive to what China sees as its `` core interests '' in national unity .
First , a political transition is expected in 2012 , and , in a period of rising nationalism , no Chinese leader wants to look softer than his rivals .
There is always the danger of actions with unintended consequences , especially as both countries can be expected to maneuver to change the framework and reduce their vulnerabilities .
Indeed , the investment bank Goldman Sachs expects the Chinese economy 's total size to surpass that of the United States by 2027 .
The expectation of conflict can itself become a cause of conflict .
Some observers , such as the Harvard historian Niall Ferguson , believe that `` debating the stages of decline may be a waste of time -- it is a precipitous and unexpected fall that should most concern policy makers and citizens . ''
As a natural regional leader , Serbia can expect to reap the benefits as all states advance toward membership .
Now , in the run-up to the European Council summit on 11-12 December , expectations are growing that Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen will provide a clear roadmap for an Irish solution to the EU 's constitutional dilemma .
In 2009 , economists expect growth to contract by up to 8 % , with a further steep decline likely next year .
Indeed , Mr. Zhu was renowned for punishing those who fell short of his expectations .
On the face of it , there is little reason to expect that another four years of incompetent PDP rule will make Nigeria a more stable and prosperous federal state .
No leader can be expected to run this giant of Africa as if it were Singapore .
Yar ` Adua had completed only three years of his first four-year term when he died , and it was expected that all southerners , including Jonathan , would unite behind another northerner for next year 's vote .
Muhammadu Buhari , whom Babangida replaced as military head of state in 1985 , is also expected to run , as the nominee of the Congress of Progressive Change .
The completion of this $ 1 billion landmark project is expected to transform Africa 's shipping and port capacity dramatically .
Russians expected that , once their country was seen to be no longer confrontational and expansionist , it would be treated as a legitimate partner , not as a defeated enemy .
Although Nikolic soon resigned after a new Serbian government was formed , the cabinet 's composition suggests that the EU might be foolish to expect greater cooperation with the ICTY .
When financial markets and the public fully understand monetary policy goals , strategies , and tactics , private-sector inflation expectations will align with official forecasts .
As expected inflation converges with the forecast for the eurozone , the financial markets will declare a candidate `` ripe '' for full-fledged euroization .
If PiS 's populist slogans become policy , government spending is likely to expand , which will exacerbate Poland 's already weak fiscal position and consequently trigger inflationary expectations .
Only such support can bring the government budget deficit , expected to reach 4.4 % of GDP in 2005 , down to the EU 's benchmark of less than 3 % of GDP within the next two years .
It will reinforce convergence expectations among financial market participants , which will translate into lower risk premia for investors .
Lower risk also will bring inflation expectations down and reduce interest rates , which will in turn speed up the compression of Polish government bond yields to comparable EU levels , increasing financial stability .
A recent UNICEF survey of 126 countries shows that a significant number of low - and middle-income countries are expected to reduce public expenditures in 2010-2011 .
Even we visiting foreigners -- all dutifully clad in blue Mao suits and caps -- were expected to attend regular political `` study sessions '' to purify our bourgeois minds with proletarian tracts written by the Gang of Four .
This expectation is an inevitable consequence of Turkey 's geography and history .
Both sides seem to be somewhat surprised by the other 's expectations .
Indeed , there is a growing fear that a settlement of the Nagorno-Karabakh dispute is more distant now , because Turkey 's public backing has raised Azerbaijan 's expectations , while some Armenians fear collusion between neighbors out to railroad them into an unsustainable agreement .
The world 's population is expected to reach nine billion by 2042 .
Whereas political stasis supported a development miracle in Japan , the inertia created by Turkey 's self-interested establishment resulted in a discouraged society with unfulfilled expectations .
Serious criticism comes from unexpected places : philosophers you knew and learned from , scientists to whom you had entrusted your priceless collections to describe .
Unexpected yen appreciation could cause large carry trade exchange rate losses , as could unexpected closing of the interest rate gap with Japan .
They may marry non-Muslims , but do not allow others to marry their women , and expect those marrying within Islam to convert to it .
She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President José Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve-up of jobs .
Unfortunately , van Rompuy , an author and poet , has spoken out against Turkish membership in far cruder terms than one would expect from a gentle haiku writer .
They do not expect much from the state and are not surprised when it fails to deliver .
They expect reforms to continue , albeit at a rather gentler pace .
In India , by contrast , even when you might think that government should be expected to deliver more , expectations are not high .
Ending the insurrection will also require better government , whatever the low expectations of business leaders .
It worked far better than the doubters ever imagined was possible -- indeed , perhaps even better than its progenitors expected .
While Eastern Europe 's peoples perceived membership as confirmation of their historical affiliation with the West and as another step away from Soviet rule , the EU seemed in no hurry to meet those expectations .
A significant change in Europe 's economic fortunes can not be expected unless deep structural changes are introduced .
With the economic benefits of EU membership now seeming much less than expected , the intensity of pro-EU sentiments in the candidate countries has significantly declined .
Perhaps surprisingly for many , such differences were not played out according to the expected script , in which the new members would be ruthlessly pragmatic , and demanding as much EU money as they could get , while most Western countries would in the end tone down their national egoism in favor of the decades-old ideals of European integration .
Without committing itself to any substantive assistance , the Chinese government has publicly demanded that the European Union grant China the coveted status of `` market economy '' if it expects China to loosen its purse strings .
Unfortunately , those who expect China to play a direct role in calming the financial panic in Europe are being unrealistic .
Chinese leaders have been extremely risk-averse in their forays into international financial affairs , and , on the eve of a leadership transition -LRB- expected to take place a year from now -RRB- , no senior official dares to risk his political prospects by advocating bold and controversial action .
No breakthrough is likely , but the outcome could be more favorable than many expect .
It is time to accept that those who finance EU governments through purchasing their bonds are entitled to ask inconvenient questions , and to expect clear answers .
Even if this sounds unfair , it is logical to expect rating agencies , which had been lax in evaluating credit risk , now to be rigorous in assessing all forms of risk , including sovereign risk .
The relative price of the goods produced in the advanced countries -LRB- their real exchange rate -RRB- needs to depreciate vis-à-vis the emerging countries in order to compensate for the expected shortfall in internal demand .
In fact , the ECB 's perceived reluctance to follow suit is likely to add to the expected growth effects of US or British monetary-policy choices , at the expense of the eurozone .
Entrenched incumbent regimes everywhere are under severe stress from advances in information technology , shifts in demographics , rising expectations , and the obsolescence of Cold War exigencies .
But the final and most vital lesson of perestroika concerns the pace of reforms and society 's expectations .
At the same time , the cost would have been well below any reasonable estimate of the average losses that can be expected from tsunamis .
The risk may be slight , but if the consequences should it materialize are great enough , the expected cost of disaster may be sufficient to warrant defensive measures .
That is no more than one would expect from a doctor who is true to the ethics of the profession , my medical friends tell me .
Development costs of $ 800 million are not unusual for a drug , and we can expect to see more of a new type of drug -- biopharmaceuticals made from living cells -- which cost even more .
Of course , these expectations could have been distorted by ideology -- it is hard to get into the past minds of economists .
Even if inaction -LRB- or action oriented towards the longer term -RRB- is the best policy , it is not an option for democratically elected politicians , whom voters expect to govern , which inevitably means action with the potential for quick results .
Obama muddled his message further by admitting that he did not expect to see abolition in his lifetime .
Regional leaders must now develop their own strategy to transform Asia 's many challenges into opportunities , with Obama playing the role of `` good neighbor '' who expects other peoples to help themselves and put their own houses in order before turning to the US for assistance .
Indeed , the IMF expects that emerging and developing economies will grow by 6 % in 2010 and 6.3 % in 2011 .
The growth rate subsequently recovered to 7.4 % in 2009-2010 , and we expect 9 % growth by 2011-12 .
As an intellectual , Tajbakhsh can not expect the world 's celebrities to beg Iran 's government for his release .
I expect that we can find reach agreement on this basis .
Assets in private equity and hedge funds stand at $ 3 trillion today and are expected to reach $ 10 trillion by the end of 2010 .
Other countries are eligible , and the IMF is helping these states make rapid progress to qualify , with total debt relief expected to be more than $ 5 billion .
All countries will have to give ; no country can be expected to carry the burden alone .
Finally , the reform sets out clearly for the first time what is expected of surveillance , and so should promote candor and evenhanded treatment of every country .
Policy reforms shift the distribution of income in different directions in different developing countries , as expected , given the diverse starting conditions .
Although projecting concrete figures is a sterile exercise in these worrisome times , most analysts predict that Colombia 's economic performance this year will be inferior to Peru 's , but similar to Chile 's and Brazil 's and better than that of Argentina , Venezuela , and Mexico , a country expected to contract by more than 2 % .
In both the US and the UK , it reduced the real expected return on long-term government bonds , which in turn nurtured a recovery in the stock market .
According to the OECD , `` there does not appear to be any strong reason to expect that recent structural reforms mean that OECD labor markets are now substantially less sensitive to severe economic downturns . ''
It is unrealistic to expect consensus to be reached on these issues in the days remaining before the Kampala meeting .
Spillover effects are inevitable , and once a corrosive increase in inflationary expectations sets in , it becomes all the more painful to unwind .
Financial markets appear to be expecting a good deal more Asian monetary tightening -- at least that 's the message that can be drawn from sharply appreciating Asian currencies , which seem to be responding to prospective moves in policy interest rates .
Yet another vacuous budget deal , in conjunction with weaker-than-expected growth for the US economy for years to come , spells a protracted period of outsize government deficits .
So Sarkozy and Royal are universally expected to be the two leading candidates heading into the `` High Noon '' encounter of the second round .
So expect big shocks .
Any graduate student in economics knows that deregulation , privatization , and trade liberalization can not be expected to produce economic benefits without a long list of unlikely conditions being satisfied .
Property rights and the rule of law are always important so that investors -- both current and prospective -- can expect to retain the money they make .
In such circumstances , the expectation of future profits can exert a stronger discipline on the public authority than fear of legal sanction .
What businesses in these countries need is not necessarily more finance , but the expectation of larger profits for their owners .
On the other side is the danger that a completed `` development round '' will fail to live up to the high expectations that it has spawned , further eroding the legitimacy of global trade rules over the longer run .
In the end , it may well be the atmospherics -- psychology and expectations -- rather than the actual economic results on the ground that will determine the outcomes .
We might even have allowed these countries a certain measure of schadenfreude in the troubles of the United States and other rich countries , just as we might expect kids to take perverse delight from their parents ' getting into the kinds of trouble they so adamantly warn their children against .
In fact , neither expectation was fulfilled .
For every worker and firm affected adversely by import competition , there is one or more worker and firm expecting to reap the benefits of access to markets abroad .
The Case Against International Financial Coordination CAMBRIDGE -- When US President Barack Obama announced in late January his intention to seek tough new rules for banks , he was n't expecting to make friends on Wall Street .
But the international reaction was less expected .
The International Monetary Fund expects the eurozone to expand by only 1 % this year and 1.5 % in 2011 , compared to 3.1 and 2.6 % for the US .
Even Japan , in a deep slump since the 1990 's , is expected to grow faster than Europe .
More strikingly , many now expect the developing world to become the growth engine of the global economy .
The unstated implication - but the one the reader is expected to draw - is that tariff cuts were an important determinant of global integration and hence growth .
These oddities are perhaps to be expected for an institution that is being forced to backtrack from a position that has become analytically and empirically untenable .
It should have been expected that the political side of the equation would take time to fall into place .
At 74 , Tunisia 's life expectancy edges out Hungary 's and Estonia 's , countries that are more than twice as wealthy .
I was first briefed by a former Monitor Company employee , who gently intimated that I should not to expect too much .
On average , performance might be somewhat better than in the past , but nowhere near as stellar as optimists expect .
Or the license plate on a vehicle that was issued in 2006 ? '' The judge turns towards the prosecutor expectantly .
Export liberalization did produce many of the consequences expected from it .
First , it highlights the importance of credibility and the need to manage expectations .
Yet that sequence is the opposite of what one might have expected : only after financial markets developed did those with a stake in them press for better legislation to protect investors .
In financial markets , an unexpected collapse in real-estate securities and design defects in the derivatives and repo markets combined to damage core financial institutions ' ability make good on their payment obligations .
Usually , we would expect the others to have an interest in more market discipline .
New rules to require end-users -LRB- such as oil companies using derivatives to guard against unexpected oil-price changes -RRB- and others to put up good collateral are being developed .
If a shareholder dislikes , say , how GM 's directors are running the company -LRB- and , in the 1980 's and 1990 's , they were running it into the ground -RRB- , she is free to nominate new directors , but she must pay their hefty elections costs , and should expect that no one , particularly not GM , will ever reimburse her .
Both thought that only a fiscally strong US could have the military prowess needed to defend itself from the European powers , whose return to American soil both men expected .
They were expected to be adamant -- an outcome that could well have brought about the young country 's demise .
Desperate to capture some of the star power of the rock star-driven campaign to reduce poor countries ' debt , the leaders agreed to forgive Third World debt that no one ever expected to be repaid .
Put a Texas oilman and his buddies in charge and what do you expect , conservation ?
They asked how investors would price stocks if they expected historical average returns to continue , while also deciding that the risk was essentially zero .
One often hears about rising healthcare costs in the context of future government budget projections , with old-age health costs expected to dominate growth in government expenditures in coming years .
For most of modern history , relatively inexpensive public health precautions , such as providing clean drinking water and routine vaccinations , have been the main factor pushing up life expectancy .
Even without any portfolio shift , Americans should n't expect their recent luck to hold up in the future .
But no one really expects the debts to be paid anyway .
The fact is that around most of the world , inflation -- and eventually inflation expectations -- will keep climbing unless central banks start tightening their monetary policies .
As a result , commodity resource constraints that we once expected to face in the middle of the twenty-first century are hitting us today .
With good communication policy , inflation expectations can be contained , and inflation can be brought down as quickly as necessary .
But how strong an expansion can one reasonably expect when the worst is finally over ?
If European countries look inward , however , with Germany pushing its consumers to buy German cars , the French government forcing car companies to keep unproductive factories open , etc. , one can expect a decade of stagnation .
What exactly did investors expect when they purchased bonds in companies with names like `` Limitless World , '' one of Dubai World 's bankrupt real-estate subsidiaries ?
An absurd expectation , one might think .
Of course , this is a microcosm of the larger changes that we can expect .
Two decades ago , Japanese workers could expect to receive massive year-end bonuses , typically amounting to one-third of their salary or more .
If it does , it might not have sufficient funds for the next crisis , which will inevitably come , possibly from an unexpected quarter such as Japan or China .
Even so , the fact that very high inflation is possible does not make it probable , so one should be cautious in arguing that higher gold prices are being driven by inflation expectations .
For starters , we can certainly expect a continuation of the so-called currency wars , in which countries strive to keep their exchange rates from appreciating too rapidly and choking off exports .
It is too much to expect that these new fiscal institutions will become as important or powerful as central banks , at least anytime soon .
Corporate profits are bursting at the seams of investors ' expectations in virtually every corner of the world .
But it can not wait too long , lest inflation expectations drift to a dangerously high level , forcing the Fed to move aggressively -- and at the cost of considerable economic pain -- to wring inflation out of the system .
You could easily fail to take the right medicine , and you would certainly expect your life to return to normal much faster than is realistic .
Subconsciously , citizens expect their leaders to display the ancient leadership virtues of disinterestedness , courage , and devotion to service .
When pressed about his failing memory , he impatiently responded , `` Why am I expected to remember things in a country in which the president does not remember whether he graduated from university ? ''
As at present , there would be a central rate with a fluctuation band of 15 % on either side to guide market expectations . However , intervention would not be required at these margins .
Indeed , the world should expect a near recession in Russia and Brazil in 2009 , owing to low commodity prices , and a sharp slowdown in China and India that will be the equivalent of a hard landing -LRB- growth well below potential -RRB- for these countries .
Indeed , I expect that while the rate of US contraction will slow from -6 % in the last two quarters , US growth will still be negative -LRB- around -1.5 to -2 % -RRB- in the second half of the year -LRB- compared to the bullish consensus of +2 % -RRB- .
First , macroeconomic indicators will be worse than expected , with growth failing to recover as fast the consensus expects .
Third , financial shocks will be worse than expected .
There may be light at the end of the tunnel -- no depression and financial meltdown . But economic recovery everywhere will be weaker and will take longer than expected .
Most of the shadow banking system has disappeared , and traditional commercial banks are saddled with trillions of dollars in expected losses on loans and securities while still being seriously undercapitalized .
First , confidence and risk aversion are fickle , and bouts of renewed volatility may occur if macroeconomic and financial data were to surprise on the downside -- as they may if a near-term and robust global recovery -LRB- which many people expect -RRB- does not materialize .
But much of the rise is not justified , as it is driven by excessively optimistic expectations of a rapid recovery of growth towards its potential level , and by a liquidity bubble that is raising oil prices and equities too fast too soon .
Eventually , large monetized fiscal deficits will lead to a fiscal train wreck and\/or a rise in inflation expectations that could sharply increase long-term government bond yields and crowd out a tentative and so far fragile economic recovery .
Deficits in excess of 10 % of GDP can be found in many advanced economies , and debt-to-GDP ratios are expected to rise sharply -- in some cases doubling in the next few years .
These include emerging markets ' long-term growth differentials relative to advanced economies ; investors ' greater willingness to diversify beyond their home markets ; and the expectation of long-term nominal and real appreciation of emerging-market currencies .
Eventually -LRB- once the slack in goods and labor markets is reduced -RRB- , this would push inflation expectations -- and yield curves -- higher .
Positive feedback from consumption to production , employment , and income generation -- both within countries and across countries via trade channels -- could further accelerate the pace of global growth , particularly if monetary policies in most advanced economies remain looser than expected , supporting asset reflation and thus demand and growth .
Nor can we expect rapid GDP growth to save these countries .
I expect a longer and deeper U-shaped recession , lasting at least 12 months and possibly as long as 18 months -- one of the most severe US recessions in decades -- because today 's macroeconomic and financial conditions are far worse .
In the next few months , the macroeconomic news and earnings\/profits reports from around the world will be much worse than expected , putting further downward pressure on prices of risky assets , because equity analysts are still deluding themselves that the economic contraction will be mild and short .
More than this can not -- and should not -- be expected .
It had generally been expected that Labor would come in second in the election and form a coalition government with Kadima .
The Oslo agreement in 1993 and the ensuing peace process embodied that expectation .
They have merely concluded that politics will not bring miracles , and that the most they can expect is to keep external threats to a minimum .
No one in our delegation was sure what to expect , given the uneasy relations between our two countries at the time .
Darwin himself was much influenced by Christian ideas , especially where we least expect it : in his belief in natural selection -- the bane of the Church -- as evolution 's motive force .
In his book River out of Eden , he writes , `` The universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is , at bottom , no design , no purpose , no evil and no good , nothing but blind , pitiless indifference . ''
The proper , efficient use of the expected influx of international funds demands a powerful political commitment from government at the highest level .
As a result of government-funded national health insurance , the Nordic countries have a higher life expectancy and a lower infant mortality rate than the US .
Life expectancy is close to 80 years in the Nordic countries , compared to 78 years in the US , where the government does not guarantee national health insurance and millions of families are too poor to pay for it on their own .
Finally , recipient countries need to be informed about the year-to-year increases in aid that they can expect , so that they can plan ahead . The increased aid should be directed at building roads , power grids , schools , and clinics , and at training teachers , doctors , and community health workers .
The Healthier Poor Life expectancy in the world 's high-income countries is now 78 years , while it is only 51 years in the least-developed countries , and as low as 40 years in some AIDS-ridden African countries .
If just 0.1 % of rich-world income were devoted to life-saving health care for the poor , it would be possible to raise life expectancy , decrease child mortality , save mothers in childbirth , slow population growth , and spur economic development throughout the poor world .
In dismissing such a recount , Frazer told Kenyans that they should n't expect their vote to be tallied accurately , and that power can be seized or perhaps even negotiated in a backroom .
The rich world somehow expects poor countries to restrict their use of fossil fuels without any significant help in financing new and sustainable sources of energy .
If consumers expect that their taxes will rise in the future , they may decide to save the tax cut rather than boost consumption .
An already bad situation marked by deadlock and vitriol is likely to worsen , and the world should not expect much leadership from a bitterly divided United States .
During 2010 , high-income countries are expected to achieve modest annual GDP growth of around 2.7 % , while the G-20 's emerging economies , together with the rest of the developing world , are expected to grow at a robust 7.1 % rate .
Latin America is expected to grow at 5.7 % .
Even sub-Saharan Africa , the traditional laggard , is expected to grow at 5 % in 2010 .
The third kind of mishap is moral hazard , when investors are indifferent to the fundamental profitability of an investment because they expect to be bailed out by the government or the IMF if something goes awry .
Consider one example : the number of children per woman in society , known as the `` total fertility rate . '' In societies where women are not allowed to work and are expected to remain home and raise children , the number of children is very high .
The recession was mainly caused not by budgetary spending , but rather by Brazil 's sharp devaluation of its currency in February 1999 , a step which made Argentina 's own Peso uncompetitive and led investors -LRB- rightly , it turned out -RRB- to expect a similar devaluation in Argentina .
Alas , Keynes stressed these same deficiencies long ago , so we should not expect any miraculous changes in behavior now .
The US may have done something few could have expected : united the Shi'ites and the Sunnis in a common cause .
Two years ago , Brazil 's economy was left for dead , and the election of Worker Party candidate Luiz Inácio `` Lula '' da Silva as President was widely expected to trigger financial collapse .
The Germans encouraged their ally Austria to respond by invading Serbia , under the clear expectation that this would trigger war , but in a way that Germany would not be blamed .
In a bizarre , but not unexpected way , America is lashing out at others for its problems .
When Bush asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year -- including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits -- world financiers expected that Bush would get his way , or most of it .
India , the only large economy whose workforce will grow in sufficient scale over the next three decades , may partly balance the declines expected in other major economies .
An aide to President Vladimir Putin , Igor Shuvalov , said that it was realistic to expect the appearance of a new person whom Putin would consider his potential successor .
Statements similar to Shuvalov 's have already been made , and more can be expected .
On the other hand , the increased cost would be offset to some extent by lower-cost imported inputs , and foreign affiliates could expect to repatriate higher profits from sales in China in terms of their own currencies .
While a significant part of China 's outward FDI initially takes the form of trade-supporting FDI , it can be expected to lead relatively quickly to some production being shifted out of China , including to the US and Europe , thereby possibly reducing exports from China .
This `` graying of the world '' is a natural result of falling fertility rates and rising life expectancy .
At the same time , it should expect the opposition to endorse the establishment of an international tribunal to adjudicate the matter of the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri , albeit after clarifying and narrowing the current excessively broad United Nations rules governing the investigation .
As I do n't expect nations to abandon this principle , NATO will continue to depend on individual allies and their willingness to commit resources .
Moreover , car production soared from only 640,000 in 2000 to 3.1 million by 2005 , and annual growth is expected to continue rising by 80 % .
800 million rural peasants have been largely left out of China 's latest boom , creating rising , but frustrated , expectations ;
And we need to do so quickly if the EU is to deliver on its citizens ' expectations .
Minimalist solutions respond to neither the expectations of the citizens nor the requirements of a rapidly changing world .
I do not sympathize with this group , but I do understand that non-voters expect only one thing of Germany 's political parties these days : `` practically the same ''
If large corporations -LRB- and other banks -RRB- have deposits that they expect to be able to claim on short notice , and if they know that not all such deposits can be withdrawn at the same time , then suspicion that a bank might fail gives them as much reason to rush to the exit as households have .
If bank failures typically reflect real underlying problems , sensitive professional investors can be expected to react quickly when any whiff of panic is in the air .
Tickling appears to be caused by unexpected sensations on certain areas of the skin .
Although the conscious part of your brain knows that the tickling sensation comes from you and is n't `` really '' unexpected , the cerebellum does n't get it , and the tickling works .
To succeed , a multilateral negotiation would also need to address the expectations of foreign operators , who want assurances that their investments are safe .
With this strategic understanding , there is good reason to expect that Hu 's talks with Bush on Taiwan 's recent termination of the National Unification Council will serve to reduce tensions .
There are good reasons to expect that China will continue to accept an independent European security mechanism .
Few Israelis expect Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmud Abbas to deliver security to Israel , or to implement far reaching political and financial reforms .
Few Palestinians expect Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to deliver what they want : a freeze on the construction and expansion of settlements , and the eventual creation of a truly sovereign Palestinian state on contiguous territory .
Similar changes can be expected in other countries , as the importance of scientific competition and entrepreneurship becomes better understood .
A jump in the market is what one might have expected .
By contrast , the Fed is widely expected to raise rates at the end this month , so there will be no surprise element .
But , there are reasons to believe that higher interest rates , even though expected , can have a negative impact on home prices . That is because home buyers are mostly ordinary people with little financial sophistication , unlike the professionals who trade in stocks .
My questionnaire asked : `` Do you worry that your -LRB- or your household 's -RRB- ability to earn as much income in future years as you expect might be in danger because of changes in the economy -LRB- someone in China competing for your job , a computer replacing your job , etc. -RRB- ? ''
The resulting supply surge drives down prices , reinforces expectations of further declines , and produces the inverse of a speculative bubble : a collapse in prices .
All of this may seem obvious , but we tend not to think of oil prices as being determined by expectations of future prices .
Declining stock markets and low interest rates , have left private pensions around the world more vulnerable than was expected .
Investors are again making the mistake of pricing bonds in expectation that the downward trend of inflation will continue into deflationary territory .
So with inflation rates near their long-term lower bound , the expectation should be for higher , not lower , inflation rates over the longer term .
He was right to worry : a sharply expanding money supply may have unexpected and unquantifiable lagged effects .
Over the next decade , we might expect that a broad spectrum of insurance , lending , and securities companies will become involved .
Life expectancy might well be only 80 years by mid-century -- about where it is now in advanced countries -- if medical progress is disappointing or is offset by new threats or hazards .
Trade flows may be driven substantially by longevity : countries expecting a relatively large number of elderly in the future should be running trade surpluses now and deficits later .
But pension funds can not do this , because they risk running out of money if , on average , people turn out to live longer than expected .
I have been conducting surveys of US investors under the auspices of the Yale School of Management , asking what percentage change they expect for the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
The expected one-year increase in the Dow in 2005 averages 4.8 % for institutional investors and 4.3 % for individual investors .
Should we expect to be able to do that in the future ?
If so , how would the economy , with the labor and material resources at its disposal , provide the large houses , luxury cars , and high-end services that millionaires expect ?
Of course , if one looks at many different investment strategies and many different countries , one can find something that performed spectacularly in the past , even if there is no strategy that can be expected to do so well in the future .
National leaders must speak out , and they must match their words with concrete actions , to help signal to the public that the speculative bubble can not be expected to continue .
But this history means that the true real long-term interest rate was not as high in the 1980 's as our measures show , because long-term inflation expectations must have been much higher than the one-year inflation rate was at the time .
His views represent , as much as can be expected , a consensus among those who have studied the issues carefully .
I asked about their long-term expectations , and about their thoughts concerning Mexico 's economic prospects in the decades ahead .
This certainly seems to be the market psychology in China and India , where rapidly rising incomes and newly successful people are widely expected to put pressure on markets for land , real estate , and construction materials .
The survey that Karl Case and I conducted in May and June of this year , under the auspices of the Yale School of Management , shows sharp declines in short-term expectations for home prices in the US , but relatively little change in long-term expectations .
Many people view the superstar city theory as confirming their hunch that , despite the current slowdown in home prices elsewhere -LRB- particularly in the United States -RRB- , investors can expect to make huge long-term gains by buying homes in these cities , even though the homes there are already expensive .
How much might we expect a home in a famous city to outperform other real estate as a long-term investment ?
Assuming that quadrupling of relative value occurred over a hundred years , the excess return on investment amounts to only 1.5 % per year -- hardly the kind of performance that real estate enthusiasts are expecting .
A bubble occurs when public expectations for future price increases become exaggerated , pushing prices up to unsustainable levels .
If expectations of rapid and steady future price increases are important motivating factors , then the price level is inherently unstable , because prices can not rise forever .
But the key question is whether expectations of large future price increases are sustaining the market .
Buyers were influenced by strong expectations about future price increases , and they perceived little risk .
The surveys in 1988 and 2003 showed that the central issue is the role of price expectations .
In both booms , roughly 90 % of respondents in the US expected an increase in home prices over the next several years , with large expected increases over the next 12 months , surpassing 15 % in San Francisco in 2003 .
Longer-term expectations were almost as high .
The Liquidity Puzzle We increasingly hear that `` the world is awash with liquidity , '' and that this justifies expecting asset prices to continue rising .
But what does such liquidity mean , and is there really reason to expect that it will sustain further increases in stock and real estate prices ?
More fundamentally , why do these countries seemingly fail to exercise the kind of economic leadership and innovation that their histories lead us to expect , especially in the innovative high technology sectors that most define our future ?
While some variation in attitudes towards markets and enterprise did exist , the biggest differences were situational , rather than attitudinal : people in some countries had lower expectations of success and thought that government regulations would stymie their activities .
But setbacks in the process of improving risk-taking are to be expected ; it is important not to overreact to mistakes .
In the longer run , a system of good incentives must be created to change people 's expectations of economic success and increase their opportunities to `` learn by doing . ''
We know that we are probably in a recession right now , and may be for some time , so the expected losses currently are enormous .
Shortages of construction materials do not seem to be a reason to expect high home prices , either .
The kinds of expectations for real estate prices that have informed public thinking during the recent bubbles were often totally unrealistic .
If one compounds that rate over ten years , they were expecting an increase of a factor of 2.5 , and , if one extrapolates , a 2000-fold increase over the course of a lifetime .
This long-term trend towards multifamily housing may be expected to continue , further diminishing the importance of land to home values .
Financial innovators might not incur these costs if they expect that others will copy their ideas at little or no cost to themselves as soon as they are shown to work .
The choice of Bernanke , an accomplished scholar , apparently reflected Bush 's acceptance of the public 's expectation of a first-rate appointee .
I hate to say so , not wanting to commit the sin defined by their `` syndrome , '' but this time might be different because all of the modern examples of past crises came during a time when many economists worldwide were extolling the virtues of the `` rational expectations '' model of the economy .
According to `` rational expectations , '' bubbles simply did not exist -- which meant that actual bubbles were allowed to grow .
This design helped spread the earthquake risk from Japan to foreign investors , who could accept the risk and were enticed by higher expected yields .
Investors around the world would take on Japanese GDP risk in return for an expected yield , just as with catastrophe bonds .
After all , people in 1990 , witnessing recent high growth rates , would have expected Japanese GDP to grow rapidly in subsequent decades .
So , with lower growth expectations , the trills would likely have a much lower price now .
Economists who adhere to rational-expectations models of the world will never admit it , but a lot of what happens in markets is driven by pure stupidity -- or , rather , inattention , misinformation about fundamentals , and an exaggerated focus on currently circulating stories .
But it hardly seems likely that big changes in people 's confidence -LRB- the kind of confidence that affects their willingness to spend or invest -RRB- are rooted in expectations over so short a time horizon .
I told them that we considered the TNC to be our new legitimate political interlocutors in Libya and were ready to support them , but that in return we expected the TNC to work towards the best standards of transparent democratic government .
And they expected Muslim communities and countries around the world to rise up and mobilize behind their millenarian worldview .
Faced with this unexpected challenge , some desperate rulers , above all now in Syria , have been using repressive , even terrorist methods against their open people .
Perhaps , as Kahneman 's research would lead us to expect , Buffett spent less of his life in a positive mood than he would have if , at some point in the 1960 's , he had quit working , lived on his assets , and played a lot more bridge .
I am writing this in New York in early August , when the mayor declared a `` heat emergency '' to prevent widespread electricity outages from the expected high use of air conditioners .
Malawi is one of the world 's least developed countries , with an infant mortality rate of 94 per thousand and a life expectancy at birth of 41 years . Of the adult population , about one in seven have HIV\/AIDS .
That document states that to refuse a burdensome medical treatment `` is not the equivalent of suicide . '' On the contrary , such a refusal `` should be considered an acceptance of the human condition , or a wish to avoid the application of a medical procedure disproportionate to the results that can be expected , or a desire not to impose excessive expense on the family or the community . ''
Medicare costs for beneficiaries with Alzheimer 's disease were $ 91 billion in 2005 , and are expected to increase to $ 160 billion by 2010 .
Finally , D'Souza fell back , as many Christians do when pressed , on the claim that we should not expect to understand God 's reasons for creating the world as it is . It is as if an ant should try to understand our decisions , so puny is our intelligence in comparison with the infinite wisdom of God .
The resolution , which the full parliament is expected to adopt , directs the Spanish government to promote a similar European Union-wide declaration .
They can not justify developing new drugs unless they can expect to recoup their costs through sales .
If drug companies target diseases that affect only people who are unable to pay high prices for drugs , they can not expect to cover their research costs , let alone make a profit .
When those expectations are disappointed , it is hard to accept having less than one had in the past .
Richard Holton , a professor of philosophy at MIT and the author of Willing , Wanting , Waiting , points out that a resolution is an attempt to overcome the problem of maintaining an intention when we expect that , at some future time , we will face inclinations contrary to our intention .
The scientists at the J. Craig Venter Institute expected to be told that they were `` playing God , '' and they were not disappointed .
More people with HIV\/AIDS are getting inexpensive anti-retroviral drugs and their life-expectancy has increased , but universal access is still far off , and the disease is still spreading , if more slowly than before .
Most of the people over whom Obiang rules live in extreme poverty , with an average life expectancy of 49 years and an infant mortality rate of 87 per 1,000 live births -LRB- in other words , more than one child in twelve dies before its first birthday -RRB- .
They had to spend hours every day practicing the piano or violin . They were expected to be the top student in every subject except gym and drama .
Chinese mothers , according to Chua , believe that children , once they get past the toddler stage , need to be told , in no uncertain terms , when they have not met the high standards their parents expect of them .
I had expected Thinley to open the conference with a formal welcome , and then return to his office .
Munich 's Ifo Institute expects about 2.5 -- 3.3 million migrants to Western Europe during the 15 years following EU enlargement .
The Ifo business climate indicator is generated every month by asking 7,000 firms , primarily from German manufacturing industry , about their current business situation and their expectations for the next six months .
Nevertheless , there is every reason to expect the German economy 's upswing to continue for the time being .
The so-called tortilla crisis , which led to protests in Mexico City in January , foreshadows what we can expect .
Assessments of the current economic situation and expectations for the next six months have worsened everywhere .
Second , banks ' assumption of excessive investment risks reflects their expectation that governments will bail them out if necessary .
In capital markets , the information asymmetry between buyers and sellers of securities is even more extreme , making it hugely tempting for banks to issue securities that increase their expected profits by reducing the repayment probability below what buyers expect .
The forecasts of the proportion of East Europeans who were expected to move west within a 15 years ranged from 2.5 % to 6 % .
In the banking world as a whole , expected write-offs now considerably exceed the ¤ 400 billion mark projected just last spring .
In addition , export expectations for German manufacturing are heading south .
With all this discouraging news , it is little comfort that some areas of the world are still displaying considerable growth rates : China is expected to grow by 9.5 % this year and in 2009 , with India growing by 8 % , Russia up by 6.5 % , owing to higher oil prices , and Latin America growing by 4.5 % on average during this period .
When Sarkozy and other EU leaders demand Germany 's participation in an economic stimulus and rescue package , one reason is that they expect Germany to again bear the lion 's share of the costs .
They will have to brace themselves for an extensive period of diminished expectations that will last much longer than the next economic boom , and that will require substantial structural changes in the US economy .
Low-income people who could not be expected ever to repay their loans were given so-called NINJA credits : `` No income , no job , no assets . ''
After falling 0.6 % in 2009 , world GDP is expected to grow this year by 4.6 % , and by 4.3 % in 2011 , according to International Monetary Fund forecasts -- faster than average growth over the last three decades .
Even Russia , where the upswing was difficult and hesitant , is expected to grow by 4.3 % this year .
While the US is expected to grow by 3.3 % this year and by 2.9 % next year -- roughly the long-term average for the past 30 years , this can not be called a self-sustained upswing , given that the fiscal deficit is expected to reach a breathtaking 11 % of GDP this year , before easing to a still-high 8.2 % in 2011 .
The Spanish economy contracted by 3.6 % in 2009 , and is expected to shrink by 0.4 % this year .
For Finland , Britain , and Italy , below-average growth rates are expected .
The Ifo business-cycle indicator is now clearly in `` boom '' territory , with regard both to expectations and to assessments of the current situation .
Germany , the laggard of Europe for many years , is expected to grow by about 3 % or more this year , while the average of the EU-15 -LRB- and the EU-27 -RRB- stands at only 1.1 % .
The unemployment rate , now at 7 % , is slightly lower than it was even at the peak of the last boom , in autumn 2008 , and is expected to decline .
With the world expected to continue growing rapidly , there are excellent investment opportunities that will be funded only if capital continues to move into countries that can use it productively .
These inflows are expected to top US$ 1 trillion in the not-so-distant future .
In nineteenth-century Europe , the rich were expected to be frugal . Conspicuous consumption was eschewed .
In Western countries , politicians and civil servants are expected to be relatively poor .
Big banks can not be allowed to fail ; but the public expects bankers to be punished .
In addition , government spending was on the rise , labor unions were becoming more militant , policies to control pay kept breaking down , and profit expectations were falling .
On the eve of decolonization in 1960 , real GDP per head in Sub-Saharan Africa was almost three times higher than in Southeast Asia , and Africans were expected to live two years longer on average .
Today , that first lesson appears to have been learned : various bailout and stimulus packages have stimulated depressed economies sufficiently for us to have a reasonable expectation that the worst of the slump is over .
Most policymakers and experts expected that , after an inevitably troublesome period of transition , Russia would join the United States and Europe in a strategic and economic partnership , based on shared interests and values .
Western expectations of postcommunist Russia 's trajectory rested on three assumptions that proved to be mistaken .
Third , Russia has not yet become economically integrated with the West , especially Europe , as was expected .
American unemployment is projected to peak at 9.4 % towards the end of 2009 or the beginning of 2010 , and is expected to remain above 7 % at least until the end of 2011 .
Rather than defend that theory , Cochrane admits that `` asset prices move more than reasonable expectations of future cash flows . '' Unfortunately , `` no theory is particularly good at that right now . ''
We might therefore have expected hours of work to have fallen by about two-thirds .
Some bond markets , too , seem to expect sharply higher inflation .
They take pride in the expert `` management of expectations '' by central banks .
One would expect inflation to fall with the decline in output , and this is exactly what happened .
But this should be a warning signal : to say that with unemployment now much higher , inflation is expected to remain low is really to say that there will be little recovery over the next five years .
And even though inequality of wealth and income in Britain increased in the 13 years Labor has been in power , this is thought to be something that a left-wing party might seek to correct , whereas there is no similar expectation for a party of the right .
The full competition and information requirements ensure that all contracts are uncoerced -LRB- there is no monopoly power -RRB- and all expectations are fulfilled , i.e. , people get what they want .
There is always some monopoly power , insiders have more information than outsiders , ignorance and uncertainty are pervasive , and expectations are frequently disappointed .
Debt-financed public spending , the ECB argued , will `` crowd out '' private spending by causing real interest rates to rise or by leading households to increase their saving because they expect to pay higher taxes later .
Fiscal consolidation , its advocates claim , `` might '' lead investors to expect improvement on the supply side of the economy .
But so are profit expectations , and these depend on buoyant demand .
The truth is that it is not fear of government bankruptcy , but governments ' determination to balance the books , that is reducing business confidence by lowering expectations of employment , incomes , and orders .
As more and more people find themselves with enough , one might expect the spirit of gain to lose its social approbation .
It means betting against an asset with borrowed money in the expectation of making a profit when its value goes down .
As countries become more prosperous , one would expect their growth rates to slow .
The discipline 's founders expected that , at some point in the future , mankind would attain a `` stationary state '' of zero growth .
But , in the twentieth century , with greater security of conditions and continuous economic growth , it became normal for individuals , companies , and governments to borrow in anticipation of earnings -- to spend money they did not have , but that they expected to have .
Thus , creditors -- mainly German and French banks -- are not expected to suffer losses on their existing loans , while borrowers gain more time to `` put their houses in order . ''
In other words , investors are expecting to receive only about half of what they are owed .
The Apocalyptic Mind LONDON -- It was only to be expected that former US Vice President Al Gore would give this month 's Burmese cyclone an apocalyptic twist .
Keynes emphasized the flimsiness of the expectations on which economic activity in decentralized markets is based .
It is the government 's job to stabilize expectations .
But the dictatorship 's end came sooner then anyone expected .
But , over the last decade , the expectations raised by this mandate have not been met .
Public expectations about Mrs Megawati were modest from the start .
MADRID -- Humanity 's main concerns today are not so much concrete evils as indeterminate threats . We are not worried by visible dangers , but by vague ones that could strike when least expected -- and against which we are insufficiently protected .
This recognition raised expectations for the G-20 and granted it the prestige that it deserved : it is the only forum in which world powers and emerging countries sit as equals at the same table .
But if France and the UK understand how much their projection of power is linked to that of Europe , if they make cooperation reciprocal and expand it to other European countries -- according to the formula foreseen in the treaties -- we could eventually see an EU with the ability to assume the defense role expected of it by the global community .
But , given that container traffic is expected to increase by 164 % before 2020 , southern European ports should be able to increase their share in flows between Europe and the Far East by 40-50 % .
How can the EU expect other powers to apply multilateral principles that it ignores ?
One would thus expect Japan to be anxiety-ridden , but it is not .
Yet popular resistance to these supposedly unfair entitlement reductions is stronger than expected .
As could be expected , Che applied Soviet policies to the Cubans : agriculture was destroyed and ghost factories dotted the landscape .
The International Monetary Fund -LRB- IMF -RRB- came through last week with a larger rescue package for Brazil than world financial markets expected .
If no lender of last resort ensures that credit is available at or below 10 % , Brazil can not be expected to meet its obligations - dealing a terrible blow both to Brazil and the international financial system .
The EU must promote democratic development in neighboring countries without expecting or demanding reciprocal concessions .
It should , however , expect and demand progress and tailor its assistance to the performance of the countries concerned .
Today , however , the EU must take the initiative and offer incentives ; concessions could then be withdrawn if expectations are not fulfilled .
This was almost completely unexpected , as the prevailing view was that financial markets are self-correcting .
People buy CDS contracts not because they expect a default , but because they expect the CDS to appreciate in response to adverse developments .
China 's leadership knows that it must fulfill its own people 's minimum expectations in order to maintain internal peace and stability ; now it must learn to make itself acceptable to the rest of the world in order to preserve external peace and stability .
If current trends continue , China is bound to devote an increasing proportion of its resources to the military at the expense of the general population , whose expectations the leadership will find increasingly difficult to meet .
When the euro was introduced , it was expected to bring about convergence among eurozone economies .
There is a widely held view that IMF rescue packages have actually contributed to the crisis by creating what economists speak of as `` moral hazard '' -- the expectation by market participants that the IMF could be counted on to rescue countries in trouble , and thus to bail out investors who provided credits to them .
There were high expectations , both at home and abroad , that South Africa could and would punch above its weight in international affairs , capitalizing on the extraordinary and unexpected constitutional settlement achieved by Nelson Mandela and F. W. de Klerk in 1994 .
With government policy remaining on course , we should expect a gradual strengthening of endogenous domestic growth drivers in emerging economies , anchored by an expanding middle class .
The issue can then be framed as follows : in the context of detecting and responding to systemic risk , which of the two types of errors has the higher expected costs ?
This implies that AWF has a higher expected cost than RWT , because there are a lot of false positives and\/or the cure is worse than the disease .
But it was responsible for allowing flawed expectations of a sharp recovery to pre-crisis levels of output and consumption to persist .
And now , as the administration shifts to a more central focus on restoring growth and employment , it risks getting bogged down as declining economic performance relative to expectations translates into waning political support .
Economic growth rates in the United States and Europe are low -- and well below even recent expectations .
Combined , these factors should produce a correction in asset prices that brings them into line with revised expectations of the global economy 's medium-term prospects .
Even as expectations adjust , there is a growing loss of confidence among investors in the adequacy of official policy responses in Europe and the US -LRB- and to a lesser extent in emerging economies -RRB- .
One might expect that after a dangerous crisis rooted in growing structural imbalances and an unsustainable growth pattern on the demand side , there would be serious , ongoing debate about what is needed to restore long-term growth and productive job creation in the context of a rapidly evolving global economy .
A more complicated question is what Georgia 's northern neighbor , Russia , should expect from the new power triumvirate of Saakashvili , Nino Burdzhanadze , and Zurab Zhvania .
The Asar Party , founded and led by President Nazarbayev 's daughter , was expected to claim second place , assuring her eventual succession .
We therefore expect a shift toward earlier reproduction , because the costs previously associated with doing so have disappeared -- exactly what we found in Framingham .
And we expect those younger women to be shorter simply because they have had less time to grow .
You would n't expect this to work in your shower , and there is little reason to expect it to work in the commercial lending market .
The outside world , which relies on the dollar as its primary trade vehicle and therefore reserve asset , can not be expected to watch passively as dollars continue to pour into their currency , commodity , and asset markets , with no clear end in sight .
GDP in the advanced economies is expected to shrink about 4 % this year .
Obviously , that means meeting the standards that we expect of others .
Similarly , life expectancy at birth in SSA countries lagged 16 years behind the developing-country average , 14 years behind countries in South Asia , and 21 years behind countries in East Asia , Latin America , and the Caribbean .
To slash inflation , expectations needed to be changed ; `` anchoring '' the currency to the dollar was supposed to do this .
If inflationary expectations were changed , then disinflation could occur without the costly unemployment .
But things keep getting worse : the deficit for 2009 alone is expected to be more than a half-trillion dollars , excluding the costs of financial bail-outs and the second stimulus package that almost all economists now say is urgently needed .
Consumer spending is plummeting , as expected .
America 's automatic stabilizers -- the progressivity of our tax systems , the strength of our welfare system -- have been greatly weakened , but they will provide some stimulus , as the expected fiscal deficit soars to 10 % of GDP .
- Bankers can be expected to act in their self-interest on the basis of incentives .
While there was less American leadership than one would have hoped , indeed expected under the circumstances , many participants were simply relieved that America did not put up obstacles to reaching a global consensus , as would have been the case if George W. Bush were still president .
A long line of research has shown that even using the models of the so-called `` rational expectations '' school of economics , markets might not behave stably , and that there can be price bubbles .
The crisis has , indeed , provided ample evidence that investors are far from rational ; but the flaws in the rational expectations line of reasoning -- hidden assumptions such as that all investors have the same information -- had been exposed well before the crisis .
Given the difficulty of coming up with even $ 10 billion a year -- let alone the $ 200 billion a year that is needed for mitigation and adaptation -- it is wishful thinking to expect an agreement along these lines .
Worse still , they have received support from the Fed , which one might have expected to adopt a more cautious stance , given the scale of its past mistakes and the extent to which it is evident that it reflects the interests of the banks that it was supposed to regulate .
Two million Americans lost their homes in 2008 , and 2.8 million more in 2009 , but the numbers are expected to be even higher in 2010 .
NEW YORK -- Sooner than expected , the International Monetary Fund will have a new managing director .
The leadership contest has turned out differently from what many had expected .
Meanwhile , the US can not expect much relief from exports , given the global economic slowdown , or from consumer spending .
On key issues within Brazil , however , a broad political consensus -LRB- not unanimity , but no one should expect that ! -RRB- exists , and this includes all the major contenders in Brazil 's forthcoming presidential election in October .
Foreign ownership of banks was supposed to ensure their stability ; it was expected that foreign banks would come to the rescue of their Argentine subsidiaries if they needed money .
But we should expect more of the IMF than just doing less harm than in the past .
Those who expected major reforms in the global financial architecture may well be sorely disappointed by what has happened in the past six years .
Social indicators , such as life expectancy , mirrored the dismal GDP numbers .
Those below him claim that they were just doing what they thought was expected of them .
With President Bush at the table , the `` spin masters '' who put a victorious gloss on all his actions had little need to lower expectations concerning the outcome of the G-8 meeting in Scotland . Any agreement would be seen as a major achievement .
So , as his term draws to a close and his mantle of infallibility is passed on to his successor , it is worth examining whether his legacy will measure up and what we can expect from the new Fed chief , Ben Bernanke .
The second surprise in 2005 was that while oil prices increased far more than expected , the economic dampening effect seemed somewhat muted in most places , at least until the last part of the year .
My concerns were borne out -- faster and in a manner far worse than I had ever expected .
Though crocodile tears may be shed all around , the extent of disappointment needs to be calibrated : Pascal Lamy , the head of the World Trade Organization , had long worked to diminish expectations , so much so that it was clear that whatever emerged would bring , at most , limited benefits to poor countries .
Phelps ' key observation in macroeconomics was that the relationship between inflation and unemployment is affected by expectations , and since expectations themselves are endogenous -- they change over time -- so , too , will the relationship between unemployment and inflation .
If a government attempts to push the unemployment rate too low , inflation will increase , and so , too , will inflationary expectations .
As a practical matter , even controlling for expectations -LRB- as Phelps ' work insists that we do -RRB- , the relationship between unemployment and inflation is highly unstable .
Phelps ' work helped us to understand the complexity of the relationship between inflation and unemployment , and the important role that expectations can play in that relationship .
That view belongs to a school of modern macroeconomics that assumes rational expectations and perfectly functioning markets .
We can not expect innovation without paying for it .
There were many reasons not to have expected Malaysia to be a success .
Malaysia is rich in natural resources . But , with few exceptions , such countries are afflicted with the so-called `` natural resource curse '' : countries with an abundance of resources not only do not do as well as expected , but actually do worse than countries without such benefits .
On days when the war seems to be going better than expected , and the economy worse , the economy eclipses the war ; but neither is faring well .
When the United States went to war , oil cost less than $ 25 a barrel , and futures markets expected it to remain there for a decade .
Futures traders knew about the growth of China and other emerging markets ; but they expected supply -- mainly from low-cost Middle East providers -- to increase in tandem with demand .
This crude recipe is based on little economic theory or empirical evidence ; there is no reason to expect that regardless of the source of inflation , the best response is to increase interest rates .
In Vietnam , it is even higher and is expected to approach 18.2 % this year , and in India it is 5.8 % . By contrast , US inflation stands at 3 % .
It seems highly doubtful that the tide of international opinion will turn against China to the extent that investors in general are seriously expected to shun the market .
The frustrations of dealing with an undecided Europe have led Turkish policymakers to focus their efforts on an area where the expected return on their investment is more immediate and more concrete .
Recent World Bank poverty recalculations are expected to raise the number even higher .
Critics suggest that QE2 is really intended only to create inflationary expectations and thus encourage acquisition of more risky assets by reducing rates on Treasury bills with longer-term maturities -LRB- 5-7 years and 7-10 years -RRB- .
With the G-7 struggling and emerging-market countries expected to support , if not lead , global recovery , that is an astonishingly short-sighted decision .
It is past time to consider how it is performing , and whether it has lived up to the expectations that accompanied its birth .
Those expectations were not modest .
By reducing transaction costs and removing exchange-rate uncertainty , the single European currency was expected to lead to fully integrated product and financial markets . This , in turn , would bring greater gains from trade , stronger competition , larger cross-border capital flows , lower borrowing costs , and more opportunities for sharing risk , all of which were expected ultimately to boost investment and productivity .
Have the expected benefits of the new currency failed to materialize ?
Although a larger effect was expected , it remains too early for a complete assessment .
· The euro was expected to increase price transparency , thereby strengthening competition in product markets .
· The euro was expected to acquire an international role , eventually improving Europe 's resilience in the face of economic shocks .
It was expected that full integration of product and financial markets would expose inefficiencies , steering investment flows away from laggards towards the more efficient countries .
A democracy born in an open economic environment , with a well functioning market system , widespread foreign direct investment , and sizeable international trade , is likely to consolidate economic liberalism , stabilize expectations , and hence lead to more investment and faster growth .
If the government continues on this path , many expect next year 's budget deficit to widen further .
The increase in social-welfare costs is expected to start around 2013 , three years from now .
Second , the renminbi is expected to appreciate substantially in the coming years , owing not only to pressure over China 's huge trade surplus , but also to the Chinese government 's understanding that a stronger renminbi , despite its negative impact on exporters , is needed to fight inflation .
The world 's expectations for responsible economic management by the governments of both China and Japan -- and thus the need for it -- are growing by the day .
And new demands for fiscal expenditures are expected to grow as the country ages .
In about five years , all baby boomers will be over 65 , but pressure on government expenditures for pensions and health care is expected to start sooner , around 2013 .
In light of China 's rapid economic growth and the renminbi 's growing strength , Chinese GDP -LRB- based on the market dollar rate -RRB- will likely exceed that of the US much earlier than expected , possibly in 10-15 years .
Moreover , the extremely sharp contraction in first-quarter GDP may indicate that the disaster 's negative impact on the economy was more significant than expected .
Indeed , the economy is expected to have shrunk by another 2.6 % year on year in the second quarter , with growth set to resume only in July-September .
Almost 30 % expected to recover by the summer , and the remaining 10 % foresaw normal operations after the autumn .
Cultural exchanges have increased , and Calderón is expected to visit Havana soon .
Indeed , an independent South Sudan is expected to grant diplomatic recognition to Somaliland , the successful and stable former British protectorate that has had de facto independence from the rest of Somalia since 1991 .
But Berlusconi 's leadership is based on his skill as a communicator -LRB- which declines as expectations go unfulfilled -RRB- more than on his skill as a mediator among squabbling allies .
Unless a robust international economic boom -LRB- unlikely -RRB- unexpectedly aids Berlusconi 's government , we will hear more talk about reform but see even less action .
There is still no confirmation concerning when Obama will visit Asia , though many expect that he will attend the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation Summit , to be held in Singapore in November .
Obama will eventually come to Asia with many high expectations and star billing .
Of course , amendments and objections to the draft should be expected .
But more is needed and should be expected of him .
Growing demand for raw materials , owing to sharply increased industrial growth in Asia , particularly China and India , has benefited the terms of trade of many Latin American countries , and this is not expected to end anytime soon .
And , if some of the film 's larger-than-expected profits are directed toward the slums where the movie was made , the protestors are quite likely to fade away .
With such endorsements , however , expectations are high , and India 's government will have to think about how they can best be fulfilled .
But the five big countries now also on the Council will expect to be consulted ; their acquiescence on key questions can not simply be assumed .
We got hit from both sides of the debate and disappointed both sets of expectations .
Yet , when it comes to protecting this global treasure , these countries are expected to shoulder the burden by themselves .
But , with the policy instruments for achieving these goals largely national and the arguments for applying them simultaneously in several member states weak , the EES has created unrealistic public expectations and triggered only limited action by governments .
The failure to mobilize consumer interests in favor of European integration is particularly disappointing for the new member states , which had expected to reap some of the benefits .
As the real economy adjusts to changed circumstances and much weaker domestic and global demand , we at the EBRD expect an increase in non-performing loans in our region .
With a reformist regime in La Paz , it is difficult not to expect tensions with the Bush administration . But , crucially , the US has refrained from intervention in Bolivian politics , because it understands that undermining the current government could lead to chaos .
But pessimism about the potential of human-genome research to yield medical breakthroughs has arisen from unrealistic expectations .
Moreover , absentee farmers face unexpected problems .
Moreover , `` the US housing market appears to be stabilizing ... Overall , the US mortgage market has remained resilient , although the sub-prime segment has deteriorated a bit more rapidly than had been expected . ''
For them , climate change can be expected to bring more erratic and uncertain storms , with no guarantee of water in the well , bucket , and field .
The expectation that life will continue along familiar lines is being overtaken by anxiety that the shifts underway will mean huge shocks and difficult adjustments in many parts of the world .
Parts of East and West Africa are expected to get wetter , with rain falling in heavy , intense storms that not only bring greater risks of erosion , flooding , and crop damage , but also leave people more exposed to malaria and cattle herds to decimation by outbreaks of diseases like Rift Valley fever .
Russian leaders no longer expect real assistance from the West .
Unlike Yeltsin , however , Putin wo n't give up and expects that he can take advantage of the fact that America will be too busy fighting terrorism and WMD proliferation , rearranging the Middle East , and containing China to object too strongly .
In the meantime , America and Europe should base their policies toward Russia on mutual interests , not the expectation of mutual values .
Even when people feel we have not lived up to the standards expected of a world city , we are glad to be held to a high benchmark , because it keeps us on our toes .
`` How can we be expected to build the socialist economy , '' asked a Ukrainian peasant , `` when we are all doomed to hunger ? '' We now know , after 20 years of discussion of Soviet documents , that in 1932 Stalin knowingly transformed the collectivization famine in Ukraine into a deliberate campaign of politically motivated starvation .
Indeed , Russia 's government , unexpectedly , has taken resolute and mostly correct economic decisions .
In one session , 61 % of participants foresaw stagnation in the next 2-5 years -LRB- 33 % predicted growth and 5 % expected a crisis -RRB- .
In the other session , 55 % of participants foresaw stagnation in the next ten years -LRB- with 41 % projecting growth and 4 % expecting collapse -RRB- .
Upon entry , they will become members of the European Central Bank , which means that the new members are expected to take active steps towards fulfilling the necessary conditions for future admission into the eurozone .
If such banks fail , they are resolved by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation -LRB- FDIC -RRB- in the normal fashion , and this has always been the market 's ex ante expectation .
The regime clearly expected the crowds that protested the fraudulent election of November 21 to scatter in apathy .
With several years to adjust , we would expect a powerful supply-side response to higher commodity prices now prevailing all over the world .
Worldwide energy demand has increased by more than 50 % since 1980 , and is expected to grow annually by 1.6 % between now and 2030 .
In 2006 alone , China added about 93,000 megawatts of coal - fired electricity generating capacity , and this trend is expected to continue as the country tries to meet its huge energy needs .
Against this picture then , it is hard not to expect developing countries to exploit their abundant coal resources to generate power for their own development , especially given that modern technology can help produce coal cleanly .
But there is no indication that a non-authoritarian Egyptian regime would call into question the bilateral peace treaty , though a definite end to the Gaza blockade and a shift in attitude towards Hamas -- in the sense of a more serious attempt at forging Palestinian unity -- are to be expected .
In short , it did as much as the once-golden child in the class could have been expected to .
If high commodity prices are expected to persist , then some strengthening of currencies is both desirable and inevitable .
And , with the face value of the debt unchanged , the psychological drag on expectations and investment might linger .
Deprived of funds that had already been committed and expected , Haiti fell into arrears on money owed for loan repayment , triggering IDB policies that prevented the Bank from releasing loans .
Indian investment in Côte d'Ivoire is expected to grow to $ 1 billion by 2011 , which represents 10 % of total Indian foreign investment in the last decade .
Indeed , poor countries also often lack the private insurance needed to offer the type of emergency assistance that citizens of wealthy nations have come to expect .
The global economic system was buoyant and East Asia , not least post-Maoist China , was more deeply committed than anyone expected to support that system .
Many thought that he was moving too far , too fast ; that he was expecting too much from Malays asked to make the cultural quantum leap from village to boardroom in a generation .
A major peacekeeping operation in Darfur would likely produce a similar situation : protracted uncertainties regarding the region 's future political status , impeded socioeconomic development , persistently diverging expectations among the conflicting parties , unresolved tensions resulting from non-fulfillment of these expectations , and the likelihood of renewed violence should the foreign intervention force withdraw .
US President Barack Obama has become one of the most prominent global advocates of abolishing nuclear weapons , a position for which he unexpectedly received a Noble Peace Prize last year .
Unlike in Pakistan , moreover , the Afghan insurgents could resume fighting with the expectation that their main adversary , the international forces , would be considerably hobbled in their response , because Western publics would prevent their governments from sending their troops back to battle .
The idea was that Russia would protect NATO from attacking missiles traveling over its territory , with the expectation that the alliance would then forego developing defenses capable of engaging missiles over Russia .
It involves linking examination of the traumatic incident with education about the expected emotional responses and assurances that these are normal .
Perhaps the process of debriefing , part of whose purpose is to warn participants of emotional reactions that might be expected to develop over weeks and months , actually increases the occurrence of these symptoms .
Such are my hopes and expectations for the LHC .
Starting this year , this mechanism is expected to produce $ 40 million annually .
But there is a general feeling that implementation has fallen short of expectations , particularly with regard to nuclear disarmament .
Years of sensitive educational outreach have finally made it the norm for American children to understand that their bodies are their own , that adults should not touch them intimately or in ways that make them uncomfortable , and that they can expect to be protected from such violation .
And , most significantly when it comes to assessing the ease of integration over time , they fully expect their kids to be completely , unhesitantly `` American '' -- a promise that , by and large , is readily fulfilled .
Those who did not were expected to fend mostly for themselves .
Effective central banking is mostly a matter of managing expectations ; for it is expectations regarding future policy , rather than the current level of overnight rates , that mainly determines long-term rates , other asset prices , and the exchange rate - and hence spending and pricing decisions .
This misbegotten strategy culminated in the Bank 's decision in August 2000 to abandon the zero interest-rate policy at the first signs of economic recovery , effectively declaring that it would not use monetary policy to bring about negative real rates after expectations of inflation returned .
Such a commitment would create definite inflation expectations -LRB- albeit not of continuing inflation -RRB- .
More importantly , to the extent that deflation continues , it would also automatically create greater expectations of inflation - and thus greater stimulus .
In the US , the Federal Reserve has paid much more attention to managing expectations , resulting in an effective monetary policy .
So policymakers must prevent deflationary expectations from ever taking root by targeting a sufficiently high inflation rate at all times .
The key is to create the right kind of expectations regarding how monetary policy will be conducted in the longer term . For expectations regarding policy in the future determine the severity and duration of the output gap that results from hitting the zero bound now .
This is true even when current rates can not be lowered any further -- and even if inflation expectations remain unaffected -- owing to the effects of the expected future path of short rates on current long-term interest rates and on the exchange rate .
The current gap between the actual and target price levels should shape private_sector expectations regarding how long interest rates are likely to remain low .
In practice , and especially when deflationary fears are already present , managing private_sector expectations demands considerable subtlety .
The stabilizing effect of such asset purchases is due not to any mechanical consequence of the shift in portfolio balances , but to a change in private_sector expectations regarding future interest_rate policy .
Only that change in private expectations will make the bank 's policy effective .
Moreover , with the number of elderly growing as a result of rising life expectancy , this low birth rate has pushed the share of those aged 65 and above from 4.9 % of the total population to 7.7 % .
Angela Merkel was sometimes called the German Iron Lady , and that seems to have scared enough people to rob her of an expected victory .
From the outset , both sides expected a defining fight , which occurred last November , after the government decided to align the retirement age in the public sector with that of the private sector .
Nobody 's perfect , least of all Sarkozy , so we should expect some infuriating initiatives .
The international community has great expectations for reaching a positive outcome in Copenhagen .
Indeed , the empowerment of Iraq 's long-suppressed Shia has raised expectations among Saudi Arabia 's Shia that they , too , can gain first-class status .
But Barack Obama has also raised expectations of a transformation in US relations with the region .
LONDON -- The unexpected visibility and assertiveness of women in the revolutions unfolding across the Arab world -- in Tunisia , Egypt , Libya , Yemen , Bahrain , Syria , and elsewhere -- has helped propel what has become variously known as the `` Arab awakening '' or `` Arab Spring . ''
On the surface , the succession has proceeded as expected , with Crown Prince Abdullah becoming king now that Fahad has died .
All over the world -- in the US , Europe , and China -- stimulus programs have paid off , as expected .
Indeed , it is widely expected that a new system of collective leadership will emerge if Kim Jong-il is incapacitated .
One-man rule has been so completely embedded in North Korea 's political culture and system that it is difficult to expect collective leadership to succeed .
It is widely expected that Kim Jong-il 's third son , Kim Jong-eun , will be appointed to a key position and be publicly announced as his father 's successor .
Indeed , six months into his presidency , he has already undercut expectations .
Obama will be on African soil for a mere two days , during which time he is expected to emphasize America 's role in promoting good governance and non-violence in Africa -- goals long high on America 's public agenda .
Do n't expect Obama to confront the most controversial aspect of US relations with Africa : the American military 's new African command .
But space research is expected to yield practical benefits .
According to Juma , that number is expected to double over the next two years , making China `` Africa 's leading destination for science and engineering education . ''
When two monkeys work for food , a fair split is expected .
It is about moral values that make it appropriate to rescue bankers , who expect everyone but themselves to pay for the mess they created , and inappropriate to compensate the world 's poorest people , whose survival is threatened precisely because of the mess created by developed countries .
No one should realistically expect the renminbi 's exchange rate to be determined solely by the income level of the relatively prosperous eastern coastal regions .
Likewise , increasing pressure from growing labor costs will force enterprises to lower their profit expectations and cut costs , negatively affecting output growth and employment in the short run .
When a sovereign borrower 's solvency has deteriorated sufficiently , its survival becomes dependent on market expectations .
If everybody expects Italy to be solvent , they will lend to Italy at a low interest rate . Italy will be able to meet its current obligations , and most likely its future obligations as well .
Whether a borrower like Italy ends up in the lap of good expectations or tumbles into a nightmare scenario often depends upon some `` coordinating news . ''
If everyone expects that a credit-rating downgrade will make Italian debt unsustainable , Italy will indeed default after a downgrade , regardless of the downgrade 's real economic effects .
This is the curse of what we economists call multiple equilibria : once I expect others to run for the exit , it is optimal for me to run as well ; but if everybody stays put , I have no interest in running .
Our private sector arm , the International Finance Corporation -LRB- IFC -RRB- , is launching or expanding three facilities to help the private sector , expected to total around $ 30 billion over the next three years .
