It may be incorrect to call Turkey 's behavior `` neo-Ottoman , '' but some neighboring countries , after expecting a mediator and facilitator , may now feel faced by a possible bully .
In the Middle East today , it is reckless and radical : invading a country , wrecking its institutions , and expecting that freedom will grow in the ensuing state of anarchy .
He may be expecting too much .
But we were expecting a minor decline : a fall in construction spending below trend of $ 150 billion a year for two years or $ 100 billion a year for three years or $ 75 billion a year for four years .
But are we being fair by comparing the various regions ' SWFs and expecting them to adhere to Western standards ?
If everyone woke up tomorrow expecting that the world would shift to Apple within a year , sales of Windows would plummet .
These factors give good grounds for expecting further dollar weakness .
This is like expecting your modest annual salary to satisfy all the appetites you developed while burning through a large inheritance .
Already , we are expecting the tough conditions of the IMF 's reform program to be extended from five years to six .
In his first speech after the story broke , he made no reference to it , most likely expecting the president to make a statement .
As the saying goes , `` insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result . ''
By the 1990 's , the IPCC was expecting a 67-centimeter rise .
In doing so , Wade broke ranks with the rest of the African Union , naively expecting to gain French and Western support for his bid to retain power .
Financial markets appear to be expecting a good deal more Asian monetary tightening -- at least that 's the message that can be drawn from sharply appreciating Asian currencies , which seem to be responding to prospective moves in policy interest rates .
For every worker and firm affected adversely by import competition , there is one or more worker and firm expecting to reap the benefits of access to markets abroad .
The Case Against International Financial Coordination CAMBRIDGE -- When US President Barack Obama announced in late January his intention to seek tough new rules for banks , he was n't expecting to make friends on Wall Street .
Trade flows may be driven substantially by longevity : countries expecting a relatively large number of elderly in the future should be running trade surpluses now and deficits later .
Assuming that quadrupling of relative value occurred over a hundred years , the excess return on investment amounts to only 1.5 % per year -- hardly the kind of performance that real estate enthusiasts are expecting .
The Liquidity Puzzle We increasingly hear that `` the world is awash with liquidity , '' and that this justifies expecting asset prices to continue rising .
If one compounds that rate over ten years , they were expecting an increase of a factor of 2.5 , and , if one extrapolates , a 2000-fold increase over the course of a lifetime .
In other words , investors are expecting to receive only about half of what they are owed .
The EU must promote democratic development in neighboring countries without expecting or demanding reciprocal concessions .
In the other session , 55 % of participants foresaw stagnation in the next ten years -LRB- with 41 % projecting growth and 4 % expecting collapse -RRB- .
Many thought that he was moving too far , too fast ; that he was expecting too much from Malays asked to make the cultural quantum leap from village to boardroom in a generation .
