Nor can a weak , embattled , and disoriented Musharraf be expected to fight Islamic militancy effectively or bring political stability to Pakistan .
Human rights bodies , media associations , and lawyers ' organizations are expected to defy the emergency , which will pit them against the security forces .
It has agreed to participate , for the first time , in the election of the Palestinian Legislative Council , which is due in January 2006 , and it is expected to win a large number of seats .
The increase in energy demand has already led to power shortages in the oil-producing countries , which are expected to reduce exports this summer .
But this case is not about oligarchs trying to interfere in politics ; it is about a group of artists and curators whose professional activities have unexpectedly turned into a political hot potato .
After the invasion , no one expected Iraq to get loans , let alone outright grants .
Finally , high oil prices in the past 12 months provided an unexpectedly large windfall to the Iraqi budget , allowing for the financing of other sectors without slighting the oil industry .
First , the euro has eliminated the possibility of exchange-rate turbulence and speculative currency attacks that more vulnerable economies could have expected in the current turmoil .
While cancer deaths in wealthy countries are expected to increase less dramatically , they are nonetheless predicted to rise by a harrowing 40 % over the next 20 years .
The reasoning is simple and logical : if someone fraudulently borrows money in my name , I am not expected to pay it back , and neither should a country 's population when an unrepresentative leader borrows in their name and to their detriment .
And most mortgage holders probably expected to refinance their mortgages before their rising interest-rate trebled or quadrupled monthly repayments .
My colleagues in government are expected to demonstrate this by means of sustained reforms that foster meritocracy , transparency , and accountability .
Nevertheless , government officials admit , off the record , that the impact of an expected US recession will not be insignificant , because Brazil is not fully protected from external events .
In any case , the central bank has already projected that Brazil 's trade surplus will disappear this year , with a small deficit expected .
Consequently , although the current crisis is expected to have a relatively minor effect compared to past upheavals , the possibility of contagion from turbulence in the US can not be disregarded .
The evening proceeded along the expected anodyne trajectory until a Lebanese academic raised the issue of the right of Palestinian refugees to return to Israel .
The victory of the fundamentalist Hamas in the Palestinian elections will have far-reaching consequences for the region , some totally unexpected .
If the Palestinians declared independence unilaterally , and if , as is expected , some sort of recognition by at least some states followed , the contours of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict would change dramatically .
But those who expected Islamist fire and brimstone from Davutoglu were deeply disappointed .
It is expected that their economies will overtake those of the G-7 by 2030 , and that , by 2050 , Brazil , China , India , Mexico , and Russia will , with the US , be the worlds ' dominant economies .
This is true to the extent that the Tribunal is insensitive to the intricate balancing expected of officials in the countries of the former Yugoslavia .
Saudi Arabia , too , can be expected to do everything in its power to prevent the al-Khalifas ' fall . Bahrain is the Kingdom 's most loyal ally in the region , and the Saudis fear that sectarian unrest could spread to the country 's eastern region , where a Shia-minority nurses long-held grievances .
In particular , the influence of corporations on politicians and political outcomes can be expected to weaken the rules that protect shareholders and ensure that companies are well-governed .
To be sure , on many issues the interests of corporate insiders overlap with those of investors , and here insiders can be expected to lobby in directions that are consistent with the interests of shareholders .
Such managers can be expected to use their influence to obtain and maintain rules that weaken the rights of dispersed shareholders and make it difficult for shareholders to replace them .
But the insiders that direct corporate lobbying can be expected to seek to obtain and maintain rules that provide insufficient protection to minority shareholders from such opportunism .
It also can be expected to reduce shareholder value and retard the development of an economy 's corporate sector .
The concern is not that the top executives expected their aggressive risk-taking to lead with certainty to their firms ' failure , but that the executives ' pay arrangements -- in particular , their ability to claim large amounts of compensation based on short-term results -- induced them to accept excessive levels of risk .
But , while such judicial scrutiny may be effective in eliminating some egregious cases , it can not ensure that raters do the right thing when courts are not expected to be able to tell after the fact what the right thing was .
Insulating executives from losses to stakeholders other than shareholders can be expected to encourage them to make investments and take on obligations that increase the likelihood and severity of losses that exceed the shareholders ' capital .
The more thinly capitalized banks are , the more severe these distortions -- and the larger the expected costs rising from insulating executives from potential losses to non-shareholder stakeholders .
Getting executives to internalize perfectly the expected losses that their choices might impose on contributors of capital other than shareholders is complex .
Instead , supervisors estimated only losses that banks can be expected to incur on loans -LRB- and other assets -RRB- that will come to maturity by the end of 2010 . They chose to ignore any losses that banks will suffer on loans that will mature after 2010 .
If choices of compensation structures can be expected to affect financial firms ' stability , regulating these choices can also be useful for protecting this stability .
While individual investors can not be expected to invest in lobbying for stronger investor protection , it might be hoped that institutional investors -- mutual funds , banks , insurance companies , and so forth -- will do so .
But a reorganization of AIG and a shift in its ownership should not have been expected to endanger insurance policyholders .
The World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg is , as expected , contemplating numerous bold promises , but the meeting itself is doomed to be an exercise in futility .
It was clear to him that Israel was a nuclear power that , in October 1973 , had once again proven itself to be unbeatable in a conventional war -- a war Sadat himself had never expected to win when he launched it .
The City of London , the British Council , Oxfam , and the BBC are now expected to restore the prominence of Britain 's enduring values .
The `` extremists , '' whom Bush expected to be defeated through economic sanctions , diplomatic isolation , and military action , have prevailed .
Disarming the Middle East TEL AVIV -- Israel 's desperate plea that the world act to curtail what its intelligence service describes as Iran 's `` gallop toward a nuclear bomb '' has not gotten the positive response that Israel expected .
Neither the planned sanctions nor the recently published US Nuclear Posture Review , a far less revolutionary document than expected , will curb Iran 's nuclear appetite .
As one of the poorest and neediest countries in the world , for which oil revenues would be the only source of income for years to come , an independent South Sudan could not be expected to rescue the debt-ridden North .
Egypt 's regional power reflects its objective strategic weight , and this is not expected to change .
No convincing peace initiatives or major policy responses are expected from Israel at a time when the United Nations General Assembly is poised to recognize overwhelmingly the creation of a Palestinian state -- a move that would further isolate the country .
Indeed , at a time of painful budget cuts -- the US is facing a $ 52 trillion shortfall on public pensions and health care in the coming decades -- the US can no longer be expected to maintain its current level of global military engagement .
Even if , as expected , the Security Council rejects the Palestinians ' request for full UN membership and Palestine ends up with observer status in the General Assembly , Abbas can already claim victory .
They were also expected to give an electoral boost to Prime Minister Shimon Peres of Israel who , severely undermined by Hamas 's devastating campaign of suicide terrorism , was on the verge of electoral defeat at the hands of Benjamin Netanyahu .
After the devastating impact of the crisis on their economies , countries hosting Western banking subsidiaries and branches can not be expected to accept the status quo .
Five countries are expected to suffer double-digit declines in GDP .
Looking ahead , the region 's main export markets , primarily in advanced Europe , are not expected to grow as fast as in the past .
Indeed , from the start , the architects of the Union 's Constitutional Treaty never seriously expected that their draft would endure in the form in which they wrote it .
For most of this period , the British public expected inflation in the coming year to be lower than in the previous year , thanks to the MPC 's strong track record on price stability .
We expected that we would lose the final audience vote by 55 % to 45 % .
Given this reality , corporations want to give simply because it is expected of them .
Both countries , the `` sleeping giants , '' were expected to awaken at some point from their slumber .
In such a world , continued hassles and hiccups for Chinese exports can be confidently expected .
In Ontario during the blackout , reactors designed to unlink from the grid automatically and remain in standby mode instead went into full shutdown , with only two of twelve reactors behaving as expected .
While international support in a time of crisis demonstrates a seemingly innate moral response to the suffering of others , it also highlights with disquieting clarity that the same level of empathy is more difficult to evoke when a crisis is chronic instead of sudden , unexpected , and dramatic .
To be sure , the recovery was not expected to be smooth : historically , cleaning up after a financial crisis of this magnitude takes a long time , especially given high debt burdens , extended joblessness , and damaged banking systems .
Sarkozy has , in fact , brought about a rupture , albeit in an unexpected area : the foreign policy consensus that has prevailed since the days of Charles de Gaulle .
Indeed , every member state can be expected to cling to its right to pursue an independent foreign policy for the foreseeable future .
While the April G-20 summit in London produced more economic-policy agreement than expected , this was largely because the most divisive issue -- the US and British demand for more global stimulus spending -- was removed from the table beforehand .
Once a verdict is reached in Dokubu 's trial , probably this summer , violence is expected to intensify .
During a triumphal surprise visit to Baghdad on May 22 , he said he expected Iraqi forces to take responsibility for `` territorial security '' in much of the country by the end of the year .
In September , Bush made an unexpectedly low-key speech to the UN General Assembly .
After all , the three largest EU states -- Germany , Britain , and France -- can be expected to seek agreements among themselves about the Union 's future shape , so the Benelux countries ' common goal should be to influence their actions and ensure that their thinking is acceptable to the whole community .
More was expected from the SAARC summit than was achieved , owing in large part to the unmet expectations for the meeting between the Indian and Pakistani prime ministers on the sidelines of the main event .
It will be lucky if it manages to achieve 2.8 % , one half of that expected in Bangladesh and one-third of that projected for India .
In the 2010-2011 fiscal year , the IMF estimates that economic output will increase by less than 3 % -- one-third the rate expected in neighboring India and less than half that of Bangladesh .
Back then , they expected that the `` shock and awe '' of US force would not only topple the dictator -LRB- which turned out to be true -RRB- , but also that the US-led invasion would be greeted with enthusiasm by the liberated Iraqis , who would then herald a new democratic era in the Middle East .
A majority considered them offensive , and therefore expected interracial couples to show what is demanded today from Muslims in Manhattan : respect for other people 's sensitivities .
Indeed , events of the last couple of decades - the AIDS viruses transferring from monkeys to man , followed by their global spread , being just one example - should have convinced us that , where diseases are concerned , the unexpected will happen .
Before its reunification with mainland China , many people expected the former British colony to grab headlines as Beijing progressively stripped its freedoms .
Taiwan 's December 2004 legislative elections had delivered an unexpected defeat for Chen and his ruling Democratic Progressive Party , or DPP , and the pro-independence camp 's failure to secure a legislative majority was seen as a positive development for relations with the mainland .
Of the remaining 120 million , only 20 million are expected to reach the tenth year of school , with the rest dropping out along the way .
The withdrawal of NATO forces before the job is done will leave India on the front lines to face the brunt of greater terror from the Afghanistan-Pakistan belt . In fact , NATO 's retreat is expected to embolden jihadists in the region -- and beyond it -- to stage transnational attacks .
Yet its dangerous ideology is expected to live on and motivate state-sponsored non-state actors .
During the past three centuries , the human population has increased ten-fold , to more than six billion , and is expected to reach 10 billion in this century .
Not only has China recently become the world 's largest emitter of greenhouse gases , but the pace of its future emissions is expected to far exceed forecasts .
With a few months remaining before the Copenhagen talks , China is expected to deliver its commitment to the Bali Action Plan .
It will , of course , be a far lower commitment than that expected from the European Union or the US .
After all , what is expected in Iraq is the fall of a highly ideological dictatorship .
Within the developed world , however , Europe 's population is expected to decline markedly .
Even sharper declines are expected in the candidate countries of Central and Eastern Europe , from a total of 105m to 85m , a fall of 20m , or about 20 % .
Moreover , the strategic balance to Europe 's east will also be transformed , because the populations of Russia and the Ukraine are expected to decline even more steeply than those of the EU .
Russia 's population , currently 145.5 m , is expected to fall to 104.5 m ; Ukraine 's population is projected to fall from nearly 50m to 30m , a startling drop of 40 % .
Traditional Socialist nostrums -- nationalization , price controls , government direction -- had failed in the past , could not be expected to work in the future , and thus held no credibility with voters .
The Swedes have always been half-hearted about the political aspects of EU membership . But they could hardly be expected to vote for Euro membership on purely economic grounds at a time when the Swedish economy was doing better than the Euro economy .
Since the shock of the French and Dutch `` no '' votes against the European Union 's proposed Constitutional Treaty , events have followed their inevitable course , but more rapidly than expected .
At his side sits Martin Wolf of The Financial Times , so a good reception in the pink pages can be expected .
Our new beliefs did not stem from some new experiment or unexpected observation , the way a real scientific paradigm shift does .
And , since almost every observation that economists make turns out in a way that was n't predicted , no unexpected observation could ever actually change an economic paradigm .
There are no places in the US economy where wages or product prices are rising more rapidly than expected .
But what astonishes me even more is the apparent failure of academic economics to take steps to prepare itself for the future . `` We need to change our hiring patterns , '' I expected to hear economics departments around the world say in the wake of the crisis .
When these buildings were constructed , they were expected to more than pay for themselves .
Australia , Ireland , and the Scandinavian countries all had their own sustained bursts of unexpectedly rapid growth .
The exact amount depends on how rapidly Americans re-direct their spending from imports to domestically-produced goods , and how much of an expected recovery in the dollar 's exchange rate is needed to persuade investors to hold US assets while the spending switchover takes place .
Rubin 's recognition that the world is a complicated , poorly-understood place , where lots of unexpected and surprising things happen -- and where we can not merely consult some map drawn by John Maynard Keynes or Milton Friedman or some neo-conservative pundit -- seems to have been the most powerful of his secret weapons .
What is unexpected is that the new wealth is flowing not to the shareholders of dot-com companies , but to purchasers and users of high-tech capital and the consumers they serve .
Central banks respond to lowered demand by reducing interest rates and to higher expected inflation by raising interest rates .
Some focused on the `` conservative '' : they expected the Bush administration 's fiscal policy to keep a tight rein on spending and to eliminate many programs in order to finance significant tax cuts .
Others focused on the `` compassionate '' : they expected Bush 's fiscal policy largely to eschew tax cuts and to adopt largely Democratic spending priorities , including expanded federal aid to education and a prescription drug benefit , thereby showing that Republicans could run a more cost-effective version of the social-welfare state .
They expected tax cuts to be followed by a fangs-bared attack on social-welfare spending once deficits reemerged .
Or they could be content with whichever of the three strategies that they expected to see , agreeing that , in any case , fiscal policy was always going to be much better than it would have been under Democratic rule .
Subtract 2.5 % for inflation , and you get a benchmark expected real return of 1.26 % .
Thus , the expected fundamental real return on diversified US stock portfolios right now is in the range of 6 % to 7 % .
The expected market return is that amount plus or minus expected changes in valuation ratios : will stocks return more as price-earnings ratios rise , or return less as price-earnings ratios fall ?
Finally , high finance allows for portfolio diversification , so that individual investors can seek high expected returns without being forced to assume large , idiosyncratic risks of bankruptcy and poverty .
But these are the benefits of high finance as they apply to the ideal world of economists -- that is , a world of rational utilitarian actors who are skilled calculators of expected utility under uncertainty , who are masters of dynamic programming , and who breathe stochastic calculus in their daily life .
Unexpected by researchers , such a force had nevertheless been predicted in 1915 by a modification that Albert Einstein proposed to his own theory of gravity , the general theory of relativity .
While production had been just over five million tons in 1957 , he expected the country to catch up with or even surpass the United States by 1962 , producing 80-100 million tons per year , and to reach 700 million tons per year by the mid-1970 's , making China the undisputed world leader .
Some expected to expand their plants so that they would no longer be counted as inefficient -- a stratagem explicitly prohibited by the regulations .
So far , uranium mining in Kazakhstan has increased roughly as expected , from 4,357 tons in 2005 to 8,521 tons in 2008 to 14,000 tons in 2009 .
According to the WNA 's latest estimates , from July 2010 , the expected uranium extraction figure for 2010 has actually been decreased to 15,000 tons .
Six weeks into his war crimes trial in the Hague - a process expected to last two years - Slobodan Milosevic still casts a long shadow over Serbia .
Armed with a very primitive computer and some very simple programs written by an undergraduate student , we began matching every new sequence against all previously reported sequences and found many wholly unexpected relationships .
The coming year is likely to deliver 3 % growth , the most to be expected in a still fully employed economy .
By 2016 , maize yields are expected to increase by as much as 30 % , benefiting up to 40 million people in 13 sub-Saharan countries .
And more is expected to come : in November 2008 , the Ecofin Council increased the ceiling for possible balance-of-payment loans to non-EMU countries to ¤ 25 billion .
Ireland 's government debt is expected to rise to almost 80 % of GDP by 2010 , whereas just a year ago the European Commission projected that Ireland 's government debt would be below 30 % of GDP .
Likewise , whereas Spain was expected to decrease its debt ratio , its debt-to-GDP ratio is now likely to double between 2007 and 2010 , to more than 60 % .
The National Transitional Council is debating who should take over Libya 's Central Bank and the LIA 's assets -- an especially important decision , given that oil production is not expected to return to pre-war levels for several years .
Moreover , the Colombian Supreme Court is expected to reduce impunity further by amending the law that allows these trials to make all the paramilitaries ' assets available for compensation to their victims .
Less affected by the financial crisis and the US recession will be those that have developed with an eye toward Asia nations -- particularly Chile , Colombia , and Peru -- , and have accumulated resources to meet unexpected financial storms .
But unemployment has risen even faster and further than expected .
After the common currency 's first decade , however , increased divergence , rather than rapid convergence , has become the norm within the euro area , and tensions can be expected to increase further .
In effect , the political system would again be kicking the can down the road , with real progress on necessary fiscal reforms expected only after the November 2012 presidential election .
Having demonstrated remarkable restraint in 1989 , Russian leaders expected to be embraced by the West .
Lenin 's corpse remains there , but his departure is expected .
Few Russian policymakers , much less the Russian public , expected oil and gas prices to collapse as they have .
The ICC is not a kangaroo court , and allegations without substance can be expected to be treated accordingly .
Thanks to decisive policy moves to pre-empt a housing bubble , the real-estate market has stabilized , and further corrections are expected soon .
And yet , even with damage to infrastructure such as road and rail links , the tsunamis ' overall economic impact is expected to be minor .
Reserves are defined as the quantities of petroleum that are expected to be commercially recoverable from known fields .
Most oil production increases are expected to come from just a few countries -- mainly in the Middle East , but also Canada with its vast oil-sands reserves , the Caspian region , and Brazil .
Unexpectedly , we find ourselves once again staring down the barrel of Malthus ' gun .
Greece 's unemployment rate already is 10 % , and its GDP is already expected to fall at an annual rate of more than 4 % , pushing joblessness even higher .
That expected inflation rate is consistent with the difference in interest rates between ordinary US government bonds and Treasury Inflation Protected Securities .
Quantitative easing is scheduled to end in June 2011 , and the Fed is not expected to continue its massive purchases of Treasury bonds after that .
Some economists have said that the best way to deal with deflation is for the central bank to flood the economy with money in order to persuade the public that inflation will rise in the future , thereby reducing expected real long-term interest rates .
The Cup 's organization has been exceptional -LRB- as was to be expected -RRB- , with excellent police work giving hooligans hardly a chance .
The whole of Germany has been celebrating a never-ending party with guests from all over the world -LRB- which was not expected -RRB- .
And the German team has put on a wonderful display of heart warming and modern offensive soccer -LRB- which nobody could have expected ! -RRB- .
It will , of course , be important who wins the presidency : a candidate expected to continue Bush 's foreign policy or someone ready for a new beginning .
But those who had expected that his visit would mainly be about the stalled negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians were bitterly disappointed .
While Israeli military intelligence is on record that Iran is expected to cross the red line on the path to nuclear power between 2010 and 2015 at the earliest , the feeling in Israel is that the political window of opportunity is now , during the last months of Bush 's presidency .
Although the generations alive today have witnessed two completely unexpected crises of epic proportions within the last 20 years , we indulge in a shocking collective repression of a climate disaster with far more serious -- and foreseeable -- consequences .
Here , unexpected and genuinely new decisions have been announced : an additional US aircraft carrier group will be moved to the Persian Gulf ; Patriot anti-aircraft missiles will be stationed in the Gulf states ; and the additional 21,000 soldiers far exceed what the American generals had asked for to deal with Iraq .
And food shortages could grow much worse , as world population is expected to reach nine billion by 2050 or earlier .
To meet expected demand over the next 20 years , global food supplies must increase by an estimated 50 % .
It is unexpected , with great shock value .
American shame would be salutary if it led Americans to realize that they live in an interdependent world where nations can not undertake unilateral military adventures without suffering unexpected disasters .
As a result , no domestic retreat by SWFs can be expected to persist .
At the same time , the expected benefits of having SWFs as shareholders -- that is , of having a long , stable investor -- might simply be a mirage , which disappears precisely when that stability is most needed : during a global financial crisis .
And the G-20 unexpectedly agreed to triple the IMF 's resources and bring its reserve currency , special drawing rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- , back from the dead .
Both studies showed that there are hundreds of regions of the genome that could have more or less than the expected two copies .
Today 's universities are expected to function as dispensers of credentials and engines of economic growth .
The quality of articles is uneven , as might be expected of a self-organizing process , but it is not uniformly bad .
The expected norms of conduct of these students correspond exactly to Wikipedia 's content policy : one is not expected to do original research , but to know where the research material is and how to argue about it .
The autonomy of these orders rested on a proven long-term ability to do more than expected with what they were given .
But in Burma today , this spiritual philosophy , rooted in compassion and non-violence , has assumed unexpected dimensions of defiance and recalcitrance , as monks challenge the hegemony of the military junta that rules our country .
As a result , certain drugs are used much more frequently than would be expected from their approved indications .
The continent 's aggregate growth , at 4.5 % , is expected to lag behind the world average of 5 % in 2007 , but only because the largest countries , Mexico and Brazil , are growing more slowly .
It will likely take one or two decades , not just a year or two , the proposed time frame of American military presence in Iraq after the expected ouster of Hussein .
The young candidate 's unexpected popular support is rooted within the ruling coalition : his adoptive father is a prominent Socialist senator -LRB- his biological father , a leader of the revolutionary left in the 1970 's , was killed by Pinochet 's political police -RRB- .
The two most likely scenarios , then , are government continuity or predictable change -LRB- the right has been expected to capture the presidency for years -RRB- .
In foreign policy , Chile is expected to adopt a harsher stance towards the Cuban dictatorship and Venezuela 's President Hugo Chávez , while retaining the policy of integration with Argentina and Brazil , and of negotiation with Bolivia -LRB- over an old territorial dispute -RRB- .
On the contrary , children are often beaten by family members if they do not provide the daily wage expected of them , or by their bosses when they are inattentive or make a mistake .
The cleverest , most literally earth-shattering notions of physics for two generations came not from the expected powerhouses of the day , but from Budapest .
There are several examples of the kind of phenomena that , with the benefit of new insight , could lead to unexpected energy sources .
In each case , it is expected that a well-financed relief effort will descend from a wealthier region .
Medical centers and clinics would be expected to investigate the cause of ailments in a large number of their patients , even in cases where the symptoms seem common .
By 2100 , one billion to three billion people worldwide are expected to suffer from water scarcity .
The president 's statement was unexpected .
Everywhere Russians are expected to support something without participating in creating it .
Russia is expected to act in ways that are beneficial to US and Western interests .
Should a sharp downturn take place , it may still be argued that such a correction has been long expected , and that a sharp shock is preferable to a slow and agonizing adjustment .
In these two countries , lower housing prices are likely to be associated with a sharp and prolonged drop in domestic demand , which should be stronger even than what can be expected in the US .
National parliaments are expected to surrender their powers graciously .
At least , that was how things were shaping up prior to the war in Iraq . Then , despite massive US pressure , Turkey 's parliament unexpectedly rejected the government 's proposal to allow US troops in Turkey to launch an invasion from Turkish territory .
Here , and elsewhere , the US will need to take the lead ; the parties can not be expected to reach consensus by themselves .
Fifth , the Palestinian leadership can not be expected to take risks for peace without political protection .
This is unexpected , because only six months ago the war in Iraq dominated the political landscape .
Also to be expected early on is a decision to close the facility at Guantánamo Bay , where terrorism suspects have been held for years without trial .
Instead , it could be expected to retaliate by attacking US forces in Afghanistan and Iraq , unleashing terrorist attacks throughout the region and the world , and interrupting the flow of tanker traffic through the Strait of Hormuz .
And China and other developing countries will be expected to do their share to reduce carbon emissions and slow the pace of global climate change .
He expected regime change in Baghdad to lead to a democratic Iraq , a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the Arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit .
Four hundred million Indians still lack electricity ; India can not be expected to rule out greater use of coal if that proves to be the best way to produce electricity for one-third of its citizens .
Physical capital is in a better state than expected , and modern Iraq benefits from a deep reservoir of human capital .
Another set of lessons from the first Iraq war -LRB- and the second as well -RRB- suggests a limit to what can be expected from economic sanctions .
In many other areas , continuity can be expected to trump change .
The post-crisis harmonization fervor in this area means that it will now be more costly everywhere in the EU to insure against currency volatility or unexpected changes in interest .
The death toll is expected to exceed 15,000 .
With expected technology improvements , the cost would drop to about $ 47\/kW by 2015 , within shouting range of the department 's target of $ 30\/kW , a benchmark figure that more or less corresponds to today 's manufacturing cost for gasoline engines .
New laws , expected to be passed by the Frontier Assembly soon , follow the lead of Afghanistan 's former Taliban government .
First , American impatience must be held in check . Pakistan is expected to deliver results on al-Qaeda and the Taliban .
One might have expected the Americans to know better than to bet all on a man who might be gone tomorrow .
Parents whose child is seriously ill , spouses who discover their partners ' extramarital affairs , or workers unexpectedly fired from valued jobs are defined as suffering mental disorders if they develop enough symptoms to meet the DSM criteria .
Roughly 40,000 Saudis are expected to compete for 1,700 seats in 178 municipal councils .
It is to be expected that the majority of research findings are rapidly contradicted and refuted ; indeed , it is part of how progress of science occurs .
Can models without an explicit , well developed financial sector be expected to explain an economic world in which financial markets play an ever-increasing role ?
From past experience with national currencies , Europeans could have expected that any of these shocks would trigger a severe crisis in foreign-exchange markets .
To see why , recall that the immediate trigger for rising interest-rate spreads was financial markets ' growing concerns about the solidity of some euro-zone countries , owing to dramatic deterioration in their current and expected fiscal positions .
Thanks to America 's recently announced military agreement with Colombia , Chávez 's ideas got more of a hearing than might have been expected .
Another unexpected consequence of the US-Colombia military agreement may be a further heightening of tensions between Venezuela and Colombia .
Energy projects also could be strengthened , given that energy needs are expected to grow even faster south of the Mediterranean than in Europe .
First , as with the G-20 summit , everyone expected the London Conference to fail .
This is why banks suddenly look so unexpectedly profitable .
Köhler 's successor , Rodrigo Rato , had been the leader of Spain 's center-right party , which was unexpectedly defeated in the 2004 general election by current Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero .
The extent of destruction of Iraqi tanks during this war is not yet public information , but the same ground pollution can be expected .
Because control policies deter children from starting , even greater benefits can be expected beyond 2050 .
Even after many rounds of talks , no resolution is in sight , and Hu 's visit is not expected to produce any breakthroughs .
Some people expected Paul Ryan , a rising star within the Republican Party who will become Chairman of the House budget committee in the next Congress , to provide a fiscally responsible anchor to the next round of the deficit debate in the US .
Today that figure is one in two -- 3.3 billion people , according to United Nations statistics -- and the percentage of urban dwellers is expected to reach 70 % by 2050 .
Time to Bring Mahatma Gandhi Back NEW YORK -- The Congress Party 's unexpected landslide in India 's general election was greeted with euphoria .
Akio Kyuma , the Director-General of the Defense Agency , which is expected to be transformed into the Ministry of Defense , was instrumental in preventing Aso 's ally , Fukushiro Nukaga , from running for LDP president .
Of course , restoring peace and security is taking much more time than expected .
More is at stake than maritime interests . With a revision of Japan 's National Defense Program expected by year 's end , the prime minister 's Council on Security and Defense Capabilities has indicated a need to respond to China 's military expansion , particularly its buildup of armed forces .
`` China is now in the stage of surging nationalism , and the trend is expected to continue in the future , '' the Council warned in its interim report , concluding that , `` Japan must take appropriate actions in response to each incident '' in which China attempts to `` gradually advance its defense line -LRB- ocean-ward -RRB- . ''
By 2010 , China is expected to have 70 of the most modern surface vessels , several modern strategic nuclear submarines , and several tens of modernized attack submarines , exceeding the modern forces of both Taiwan 's navy and even Japan 's Maritime Self-Defense Force , at least in quantitative terms .
Mir Hossein Moussavi , a former prime minister , and Abdullah Nouri , a former interior minister , are also expected to enter the race .
Chief Designer Sergei Korolev was expected to call from the Tyuratam launch site -LRB- later renamed Baikonur Cosmodrome -RRB- in Kazakhstan to report on the launch of the world 's first man-made satellite .
But neither Khrushchev , nor Mikhail Gorbachev , nor Boris Yeltsin were able to uproot Russia 's stubborn culture of indifference and subordination , precisely because they insisted on top-down change and expected that the Russian people would simply acquiesce en masse .
In China , green capital investment is expected to grow from $ 170 million in 2005 to more than $ 720 million in 2008 . -LRB- In just a few short years , China has become a world leader in wind and solar power , employing more than a million people . -RRB-
In Germany , environmental technology is expected to quadruple over the coming years , reaching 16 % of manufacturing output by 2030 and employing more people than the auto industry .
Cameroon is expected to attract $ 10 billion over the next few years to develop some of the most promising new mineral reserves in the region , while Equatorial Guinea is pushing infrastructure development .
And , while the people of Japan were grateful for Taiwan 's unexpected generosity , the Japanese government failed to offer any thanks , despite running advertisements in major newspapers expressing gratitude for the relief sent from other countries .
The company is planning to build a new factory in 2011 , with production capacity of 300,000 cars per year for a market expected to reach two million in sales this year .
All of this represents an utterly unexpected recovery from the vast public and private external indebtedness of just a decade ago .
This hampers the optimization process , and is one of the main reasons why several large projects investigating energy production using more abundant Uranium-238 or Thorium -LRB- fast breeder reactors -RRB- were closed in Europe and the United States before they achieved the expected level of performance .
Therefore , for some time , it was not expected that the properties of the strong force could be directly derived from the properties of gluons .
The appearance of such clear gluonic structures was unexpected ; the experiments at HERA were not designed to study them .
And , as the history of physics has shown , a better understanding of natural forces will open new , completely unexpected possibilities .
Because the expected gridlock in parliament would make reforms less likely , companies might hold off on investment , while consumers would be more likely to keep their wallets closed , because official policy would be even less clear than it is now .
Indeed , a case even can be made that with the new leadership at the Federal Reserve expected to embrace European-style `` inflation targeting , '' we may be entering a period in which the Fed follows the ECB on critical monetary matters rather than the other way round .
Of course , not everyone in Europe can be expected to be equally enthusiastic about a stronger euro .
ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet indicated at his July press conference that the bank plans to raise interest rates by 25 basis points on August 3 , not August 31 , as expected . This implies an interval of two months between interest-rate moves instead of the three-month interval that has become standard ECB practice in the current interest-rate cycle .
The next rate hike in the normalization process is expected in October , two months after the expected August move .
But 2006 turned out to be a good year for growth in Europe , as surprising strength in exports sparked unexpected increases in domestic demand .
One would have expected the modern-day William Jennings Bryan to be warning central bankers not to crucify mankind on a `` cross of moral hazard and no-bailouts . ''
By in effect cutting rates from their expected levels , the ECB joined the US Federal Reserve in moving from a policy of indifference to one of reassurance . This should help stabilize financial markets .
Several frustrated hawks on the Governing Council are dead set against cutting interest rates precisely because they believe that , at 4 % , rates already have been `` cut '' from the 5 % or so levels they had expected to achieve .
Of course , with an augmented supply of euros , China can be expected to make substantial investments in Europe , which also is a good thing , especially since , in the United States at least , China has demonstrated a preference for investments in financial institutions rocked by the sub-prime crisis .
The introduction of the euro currency was accomplished more smoothly than even the ECB had expected .
Suddenly , however , something is changing and for totally unexpected reasons .
The death of Pope John Paul II was not unexpected , and his immense influence on the modern world will be judged and commented on by everybody who thinks that he has something to say .
So when , a hundred years after Leo XIII , John Paul II issued his encyclical Centesimus Annus , no one expected that for the first time in history the Church would approve of the free market economy and capitalism .
If the Arab societies now in turmoil had democratic traditions , they could be expected to find compromises peacefully , through open and honest debate .
The main component of the PLO 's agreement with Israel was a five-year interim period during which negotiations were expected to lead to an independent Palestinian state alongside Israel .
Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad has been active in executing a strategic plan that is expected to lead to a de facto Palestinian state within a year and a half .
After gaining Security Council support , the US , Europe , and some Arab countries began doing exactly what should be expected of the international community when a government is preparing to butcher its own citizens : prevent the slaughter .
Political restrictions on Anwar , however , end next month , and an MP from his Justice Party -- probably his wife -- is expected to step aside to allow him to run in a by-election .
If Anwar were to marry his leadership and charisma to the opposition 's newfound heft in the federal legislature -- 82 MPs , compared with 20 in the last parliament -- serious policy alternatives to the government 's might be expected .
-LRB- Kelantan state , however , was always expected to continue to be held by PAS . -RRB-
Thus , while liberalization of Japan 's capital market in the early 1980s tied Japanese and US interest-rate movements , Japanese interest rates were discounted by the expected rate of currency appreciation .
Moreover , Kazakhstan 's strategic importance has increased as a result of recent revelations that the country 's Kashagan oil field will produce 25 % more than initially expected at peak production .
In the 2002 elections , Morales received an unexpected boost from the US ambassador , who , by declaring himself against Morales , stirred up nationalist sentiment .
At the current rate of emissions , this `` budget '' will be exhausted in 20 years ; if emissions increase as expected , the world will become carbon `` insolvent '' even sooner .
To manage this situation , no panaceas are on offer , and no miracles expected .
They are expected to rank second by 2020 , behind only heart disease .
The earthquake gave Wen an unexpected second opportunity .
Meanwhile , global growth in real wages , which slowed dramatically in 2008 , is expected to have dropped even further in 2009 , despite signs of a possible economic recovery .
It was expected that out of this sea of democratic emotion new political institutions would emerge .
Because Russia claims the status of a world power , it is expected to show restraint and responsibility .
Nor does the Russian economy 's contraction and the expected deepening of poverty -LRB- the World Bank 's report released in late June was grimmer about Russia than its previous report -RRB- presage an immediate catastrophe .
A high turnout in favor of pro-democracy candidates is expected , although this wo n't guarantee them a majority in the legislature because of Hong Kong 's unusual political structure .
Perhaps most importantly , all of these positive trends are expected to continue .
Most of the world 's urban areas have already experienced far more dramatic temperature hikes over the past few decades than the 2.6 ° C increase expected from global warming over the next hundred years .
Stopping temperatures from rising by more than 2 ° C would require draconian , instant emission reductions -- for the OECD the reductions would have to be between 40-50 % below their expected path in just 12 years .
Thus , the sea-level rise is expected to pick up again .
The Worst of All Worlds COPENHAGEN -- Have you noticed how environmental campaigners almost inevitably say that not only is global warming happening and bad , but also that what we are seeing is even worse than expected ?
This is odd , because any reasonable understanding of how science proceeds would expect that , as we refine our knowledge , we find that things are sometimes worse and sometimes better than we expected , and that the most likely distribution would be about 50-50 .
But it is simply not correct that climate data are systematically worse than expected ; in many respects , they are spot on , or even better than expected .
Temperatures in this decade have not been worse than expected ; in fact , they have not even been increasing .
On the most important indicator of global warming , temperature development , we ought to hear that the data are actually much better than expected .
Whereas energy in terms of temperature can disappear relatively easily from the light atmosphere , it is unclear where the heat from global warming should have gone -- and certainly this is again much better than expected .
We hear constantly about how the Arctic sea ice is disappearing faster than expected , and this is true .
IPCC models would expect declining sea ice in both hemispheres , but , whereas the Arctic is doing worse than expected , Antarctica is doing better .
Should we not be told that this is much better than expected ?
That is definitely better than expected .
Clearly , a policy of reducing CO2 emissions would have had zero consequence on Katrina 's devastating impact on New Orleans , where such a disaster was long expected .
And after 20 years of much talk but precious little action on global warming , a certain amount of frustration is to be expected .
In the 1980 's , America 's Environmental Protection Agency expected oceans to rise by several metres by 2100 .
It was easier than we expected to recruit good people for Securum , because working in the public interest for this pioneering state-owned bad bank was perceived as a unique challenge .
This national dialogue , held under security measures that have basically shut down central Beirut , began March 2 and is expected to last up to ten days .
The attack on the towers of Babel was unexpected but not unpredictable in so far as it represented the hatred of Allah 's fanatical followers for the symbols of modernity .
How can a country be expected to prosper if the majority of its citizens harbor only a secondary allegiance to the state ?
Reaching a national consensus will be a formidable task for the Constituent Assembly , and meanwhile the Nepali people can not be expected to wait patiently until a new constitution is drafted to see real improvement in their daily lives .
Now the public is increasingly disenchanted with the DPJ , which it expected to jump-start Japanese politics .
Building a Safe Nanotechnology Future We are living -- according to some -- on the brink of a nanotechnology revolution , where matter is engineered at a scale thousands of times smaller than the eye can see , and familiar materials behave in unexpected ways .
The human space effort , nonetheless , departed from the plan in unexpected ways .
If a discrete exchange-rate appreciation is to be sustained , it must reflect expected monetary policies : tight money and deflation in the appreciated country , and easy money with inflation in the depreciated country .
European integration , is felt to have , somehow met its Waterloo in 2005 , when Dutch and French referendums unexpectedly torpedoed the draft EU constitution .
Silvio Berlusconi , the leader of the right-wing alliance , will win his third election -LRB- he has also lost twice -RRB- , while the vote for the Senate is expected to produce a draw .
With public debt expected to stand at 102 % of GDP in 2009 , rising inflation , and growth of just 0.2 % , it will be difficult to keep electoral promises .
An organizer of the November 17 rally told me that he knew it was over that very day , when he expected several hundred people and 20,000 showed up .
In Memory of Bronis?aw Geremek Warsaw -- When a friend dies unexpectedly , we recall his face , his smile , the conversations forever unfinished .
While the direct fiscal costs of supporting the financial sector were 2.5-3 % of GDP in developed countries -LRB- with peaks around 4.5 % -RRB- , the total fiscal impact of the crisis is much larger , amounting to the total expected increase in public debt -- an estimated 40 % of GDP .
Last December , the US Food and Drug Administration issued a public Drug Safety Communication about results from a large study conducted in France -- the Santé Adulte GH Enfant , or SAGhE , study -- which found an increased risk for death with biosynthetic human growth hormone therapy relative to the general French population . There were 93 deaths in the treated group , compared with the 70 expected from a statistical calculation .
In fact , it would be big medical news if there were no increase in deaths in patients treated with growth hormone , because that would imply that the drug actually provides a life-prolonging effect in a population expected to die prematurely .
Nobody can be sure about the consequences of making new forms of life , and we must expect the unexpected and the unintended .
In short , despite rosy appearances , Brazil clearly faces a complex and , in some respects , daunting agenda , which newly elected President Dilma Roussef can not be expected to accomplish within her current mandate .
Party strategies are leading them in unexpected directions .
Finally , while this election was expected to usher in a new generation of politicians , few were prepared to anticipate the peaceful political tsunami that a Bayrou victory would bring .
Second , whereas democracy and market capitalism appeared as clear -- if more fragile than expected -- winners in 1989 , it is difficult in 2009 , with the spread of the global crisis , to distinguish winners from losers .
Barring some catastrophic change , this method of information control can be expected to continue well into the 21st century .
But those costs will have a significantly higher expected value if we do not adopt sensible global strategies that include adjusting our mitigation efforts in response to new information .
One can think of periodic systemic risk as an inherent tendency toward reversion to the mean : short - and medium-term returns can deviate considerably and for extended periods from the expected long-run returns associated with various investment strategies and capabilities .
But Islamists did not play a big role in Egypt or Tunisia , and they are not expected to lead any of the new governments that are formed -- though they are an important part of Arab societies and should play a role in their emerging regimes .
Greece 's fiscal deficit is expected to reach 12.7 % of GDP this year , far exceeding the SGP 's 3 % - of-GDP cap .
By 2020 , that contribution is expected to rise to 73 % of all deaths and 60 % of the global burden of disease .
This debate is both welcome and to be expected ; improving diet and finding ways to increase physical activity is a complex issue .
Likewise , however desirable its ability to produce the unexpected and unforeseeable , science today can not claim that it is not accountable to society .
The more that unexpected results , brought forth by research in the laboratory , are a precondition for further innovations , the more pressure there is to bring the production of knowledge under control , to direct research in specific directions , and to tame scientific curiosity .
The feminist critique , for example , has totally remade elementary-level education , where female decision-makers prevail : the construction of male hierarchies in the schoolyard is often redirected nowadays for fear of `` bullying , '' with boys and girls alike expected to `` share '' and `` process '' their emotions .
Because its preferred approach of regime change has proven slower than expected , and because time plays into Kim 's hands , the Bush administration faces three other options in attempting to deal with North Korea 's nuclear weapons .
The same day , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates criticized China for unexpectedly curtailing American ship visits to Chinese ports because of American arms sales to Taiwan .
There was ample precedent for both American decisions , but some Chinese leaders expected Obama to be more sensitive to what China sees as its `` core interests '' in national unity .
First , a political transition is expected in 2012 , and , in a period of rising nationalism , no Chinese leader wants to look softer than his rivals .
There is always the danger of actions with unintended consequences , especially as both countries can be expected to maneuver to change the framework and reduce their vulnerabilities .
Some observers , such as the Harvard historian Niall Ferguson , believe that `` debating the stages of decline may be a waste of time -- it is a precipitous and unexpected fall that should most concern policy makers and citizens . ''
No leader can be expected to run this giant of Africa as if it were Singapore .
Yar ` Adua had completed only three years of his first four-year term when he died , and it was expected that all southerners , including Jonathan , would unite behind another northerner for next year 's vote .
Muhammadu Buhari , whom Babangida replaced as military head of state in 1985 , is also expected to run , as the nominee of the Congress of Progressive Change .
The completion of this $ 1 billion landmark project is expected to transform Africa 's shipping and port capacity dramatically .
Russians expected that , once their country was seen to be no longer confrontational and expansionist , it would be treated as a legitimate partner , not as a defeated enemy .
As expected inflation converges with the forecast for the eurozone , the financial markets will declare a candidate `` ripe '' for full-fledged euroization .
Only such support can bring the government budget deficit , expected to reach 4.4 % of GDP in 2005 , down to the EU 's benchmark of less than 3 % of GDP within the next two years .
A recent UNICEF survey of 126 countries shows that a significant number of low - and middle-income countries are expected to reduce public expenditures in 2010-2011 .
Even we visiting foreigners -- all dutifully clad in blue Mao suits and caps -- were expected to attend regular political `` study sessions '' to purify our bourgeois minds with proletarian tracts written by the Gang of Four .
The world 's population is expected to reach nine billion by 2042 .
Serious criticism comes from unexpected places : philosophers you knew and learned from , scientists to whom you had entrusted your priceless collections to describe .
Unexpected yen appreciation could cause large carry trade exchange rate losses , as could unexpected closing of the interest rate gap with Japan .
In India , by contrast , even when you might think that government should be expected to deliver more , expectations are not high .
It worked far better than the doubters ever imagined was possible -- indeed , perhaps even better than its progenitors expected .
A significant change in Europe 's economic fortunes can not be expected unless deep structural changes are introduced .
With the economic benefits of EU membership now seeming much less than expected , the intensity of pro-EU sentiments in the candidate countries has significantly declined .
Perhaps surprisingly for many , such differences were not played out according to the expected script , in which the new members would be ruthlessly pragmatic , and demanding as much EU money as they could get , while most Western countries would in the end tone down their national egoism in favor of the decades-old ideals of European integration .
Chinese leaders have been extremely risk-averse in their forays into international financial affairs , and , on the eve of a leadership transition -LRB- expected to take place a year from now -RRB- , no senior official dares to risk his political prospects by advocating bold and controversial action .
The relative price of the goods produced in the advanced countries -LRB- their real exchange rate -RRB- needs to depreciate vis-à-vis the emerging countries in order to compensate for the expected shortfall in internal demand .
In fact , the ECB 's perceived reluctance to follow suit is likely to add to the expected growth effects of US or British monetary-policy choices , at the expense of the eurozone .
At the same time , the cost would have been well below any reasonable estimate of the average losses that can be expected from tsunamis .
The risk may be slight , but if the consequences should it materialize are great enough , the expected cost of disaster may be sufficient to warrant defensive measures .
Assets in private equity and hedge funds stand at $ 3 trillion today and are expected to reach $ 10 trillion by the end of 2010 .
Other countries are eligible , and the IMF is helping these states make rapid progress to qualify , with total debt relief expected to be more than $ 5 billion .
All countries will have to give ; no country can be expected to carry the burden alone .
Finally , the reform sets out clearly for the first time what is expected of surveillance , and so should promote candor and evenhanded treatment of every country .
Policy reforms shift the distribution of income in different directions in different developing countries , as expected , given the diverse starting conditions .
Although projecting concrete figures is a sterile exercise in these worrisome times , most analysts predict that Colombia 's economic performance this year will be inferior to Peru 's , but similar to Chile 's and Brazil 's and better than that of Argentina , Venezuela , and Mexico , a country expected to contract by more than 2 % .
In both the US and the UK , it reduced the real expected return on long-term government bonds , which in turn nurtured a recovery in the stock market .
Yet another vacuous budget deal , in conjunction with weaker-than-expected growth for the US economy for years to come , spells a protracted period of outsize government deficits .
So Sarkozy and Royal are universally expected to be the two leading candidates heading into the `` High Noon '' encounter of the second round .
Any graduate student in economics knows that deregulation , privatization , and trade liberalization can not be expected to produce economic benefits without a long list of unlikely conditions being satisfied .
But the international reaction was less expected .
Even Japan , in a deep slump since the 1990 's , is expected to grow faster than Europe .
The unstated implication - but the one the reader is expected to draw - is that tariff cuts were an important determinant of global integration and hence growth .
These oddities are perhaps to be expected for an institution that is being forced to backtrack from a position that has become analytically and empirically untenable .
It should have been expected that the political side of the equation would take time to fall into place .
Export liberalization did produce many of the consequences expected from it .
Yet that sequence is the opposite of what one might have expected : only after financial markets developed did those with a stake in them press for better legislation to protect investors .
In financial markets , an unexpected collapse in real-estate securities and design defects in the derivatives and repo markets combined to damage core financial institutions ' ability make good on their payment obligations .
New rules to require end-users -LRB- such as oil companies using derivatives to guard against unexpected oil-price changes -RRB- and others to put up good collateral are being developed .
Both thought that only a fiscally strong US could have the military prowess needed to defend itself from the European powers , whose return to American soil both men expected .
They were expected to be adamant -- an outcome that could well have brought about the young country 's demise .
Desperate to capture some of the star power of the rock star-driven campaign to reduce poor countries ' debt , the leaders agreed to forgive Third World debt that no one ever expected to be repaid .
They asked how investors would price stocks if they expected historical average returns to continue , while also deciding that the risk was essentially zero .
One often hears about rising healthcare costs in the context of future government budget projections , with old-age health costs expected to dominate growth in government expenditures in coming years .
As a result , commodity resource constraints that we once expected to face in the middle of the twenty-first century are hitting us today .
If it does , it might not have sufficient funds for the next crisis , which will inevitably come , possibly from an unexpected quarter such as Japan or China .
When pressed about his failing memory , he impatiently responded , `` Why am I expected to remember things in a country in which the president does not remember whether he graduated from university ? ''
First , macroeconomic indicators will be worse than expected , with growth failing to recover as fast the consensus expects .
Third , financial shocks will be worse than expected .
There may be light at the end of the tunnel -- no depression and financial meltdown . But economic recovery everywhere will be weaker and will take longer than expected .
Most of the shadow banking system has disappeared , and traditional commercial banks are saddled with trillions of dollars in expected losses on loans and securities while still being seriously undercapitalized .
Deficits in excess of 10 % of GDP can be found in many advanced economies , and debt-to-GDP ratios are expected to rise sharply -- in some cases doubling in the next few years .
Positive feedback from consumption to production , employment , and income generation -- both within countries and across countries via trade channels -- could further accelerate the pace of global growth , particularly if monetary policies in most advanced economies remain looser than expected , supporting asset reflation and thus demand and growth .
In the next few months , the macroeconomic news and earnings\/profits reports from around the world will be much worse than expected , putting further downward pressure on prices of risky assets , because equity analysts are still deluding themselves that the economic contraction will be mild and short .
More than this can not -- and should not -- be expected .
It had generally been expected that Labor would come in second in the election and form a coalition government with Kadima .
The proper , efficient use of the expected influx of international funds demands a powerful political commitment from government at the highest level .
During 2010 , high-income countries are expected to achieve modest annual GDP growth of around 2.7 % , while the G-20 's emerging economies , together with the rest of the developing world , are expected to grow at a robust 7.1 % rate .
Latin America is expected to grow at 5.7 % .
Even sub-Saharan Africa , the traditional laggard , is expected to grow at 5 % in 2010 .
Consider one example : the number of children per woman in society , known as the `` total fertility rate . '' In societies where women are not allowed to work and are expected to remain home and raise children , the number of children is very high .
The US may have done something few could have expected : united the Shi'ites and the Sunnis in a common cause .
Two years ago , Brazil 's economy was left for dead , and the election of Worker Party candidate Luiz Inácio `` Lula '' da Silva as President was widely expected to trigger financial collapse .
In a bizarre , but not unexpected way , America is lashing out at others for its problems .
When Bush asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year -- including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits -- world financiers expected that Bush would get his way , or most of it .
India , the only large economy whose workforce will grow in sufficient scale over the next three decades , may partly balance the declines expected in other major economies .
Statements similar to Shuvalov 's have already been made , and more can be expected .
While a significant part of China 's outward FDI initially takes the form of trade-supporting FDI , it can be expected to lead relatively quickly to some production being shifted out of China , including to the US and Europe , thereby possibly reducing exports from China .
Moreover , car production soared from only 640,000 in 2000 to 3.1 million by 2005 , and annual growth is expected to continue rising by 80 % .
If bank failures typically reflect real underlying problems , sensitive professional investors can be expected to react quickly when any whiff of panic is in the air .
Tickling appears to be caused by unexpected sensations on certain areas of the skin .
Although the conscious part of your brain knows that the tickling sensation comes from you and is n't `` really '' unexpected , the cerebellum does n't get it , and the tickling works .
Similar changes can be expected in other countries , as the importance of scientific competition and entrepreneurship becomes better understood .
A jump in the market is what one might have expected .
By contrast , the Fed is widely expected to raise rates at the end this month , so there will be no surprise element .
But , there are reasons to believe that higher interest rates , even though expected , can have a negative impact on home prices . That is because home buyers are mostly ordinary people with little financial sophistication , unlike the professionals who trade in stocks .
Declining stock markets and low interest rates , have left private pensions around the world more vulnerable than was expected .
He was right to worry : a sharply expanding money supply may have unexpected and unquantifiable lagged effects .
But pension funds can not do this , because they risk running out of money if , on average , people turn out to live longer than expected .
The expected one-year increase in the Dow in 2005 averages 4.8 % for institutional investors and 4.3 % for individual investors .
Of course , if one looks at many different investment strategies and many different countries , one can find something that performed spectacularly in the past , even if there is no strategy that can be expected to do so well in the future .
National leaders must speak out , and they must match their words with concrete actions , to help signal to the public that the speculative bubble can not be expected to continue .
His views represent , as much as can be expected , a consensus among those who have studied the issues carefully .
This certainly seems to be the market psychology in China and India , where rapidly rising incomes and newly successful people are widely expected to put pressure on markets for land , real estate , and construction materials .
In both booms , roughly 90 % of respondents in the US expected an increase in home prices over the next several years , with large expected increases over the next 12 months , surpassing 15 % in San Francisco in 2003 .
But setbacks in the process of improving risk-taking are to be expected ; it is important not to overreact to mistakes .
We know that we are probably in a recession right now , and may be for some time , so the expected losses currently are enormous .
This long-term trend towards multifamily housing may be expected to continue , further diminishing the importance of land to home values .
This design helped spread the earthquake risk from Japan to foreign investors , who could accept the risk and were enticed by higher expected yields .
Investors around the world would take on Japanese GDP risk in return for an expected yield , just as with catastrophe bonds .
After all , people in 1990 , witnessing recent high growth rates , would have expected Japanese GDP to grow rapidly in subsequent decades .
I told them that we considered the TNC to be our new legitimate political interlocutors in Libya and were ready to support them , but that in return we expected the TNC to work towards the best standards of transparent democratic government .
And they expected Muslim communities and countries around the world to rise up and mobilize behind their millenarian worldview .
Faced with this unexpected challenge , some desperate rulers , above all now in Syria , have been using repressive , even terrorist methods against their open people .
I am writing this in New York in early August , when the mayor declared a `` heat emergency '' to prevent widespread electricity outages from the expected high use of air conditioners .
That document states that to refuse a burdensome medical treatment `` is not the equivalent of suicide . '' On the contrary , such a refusal `` should be considered an acceptance of the human condition , or a wish to avoid the application of a medical procedure disproportionate to the results that can be expected , or a desire not to impose excessive expense on the family or the community . ''
Medicare costs for beneficiaries with Alzheimer 's disease were $ 91 billion in 2005 , and are expected to increase to $ 160 billion by 2010 .
The resolution , which the full parliament is expected to adopt , directs the Spanish government to promote a similar European Union-wide declaration .
The scientists at the J. Craig Venter Institute expected to be told that they were `` playing God , '' and they were not disappointed .
They had to spend hours every day practicing the piano or violin . They were expected to be the top student in every subject except gym and drama .
I had expected Thinley to open the conference with a formal welcome , and then return to his office .
In capital markets , the information asymmetry between buyers and sellers of securities is even more extreme , making it hugely tempting for banks to issue securities that increase their expected profits by reducing the repayment probability below what buyers expect .
The forecasts of the proportion of East Europeans who were expected to move west within a 15 years ranged from 2.5 % to 6 % .
In the banking world as a whole , expected write-offs now considerably exceed the ¤ 400 billion mark projected just last spring .
With all this discouraging news , it is little comfort that some areas of the world are still displaying considerable growth rates : China is expected to grow by 9.5 % this year and in 2009 , with India growing by 8 % , Russia up by 6.5 % , owing to higher oil prices , and Latin America growing by 4.5 % on average during this period .
Low-income people who could not be expected ever to repay their loans were given so-called NINJA credits : `` No income , no job , no assets . ''
After falling 0.6 % in 2009 , world GDP is expected to grow this year by 4.6 % , and by 4.3 % in 2011 , according to International Monetary Fund forecasts -- faster than average growth over the last three decades .
Even Russia , where the upswing was difficult and hesitant , is expected to grow by 4.3 % this year .
While the US is expected to grow by 3.3 % this year and by 2.9 % next year -- roughly the long-term average for the past 30 years , this can not be called a self-sustained upswing , given that the fiscal deficit is expected to reach a breathtaking 11 % of GDP this year , before easing to a still-high 8.2 % in 2011 .
The Spanish economy contracted by 3.6 % in 2009 , and is expected to shrink by 0.4 % this year .
For Finland , Britain , and Italy , below-average growth rates are expected .
Germany , the laggard of Europe for many years , is expected to grow by about 3 % or more this year , while the average of the EU-15 -LRB- and the EU-27 -RRB- stands at only 1.1 % .
The unemployment rate , now at 7 % , is slightly lower than it was even at the peak of the last boom , in autumn 2008 , and is expected to decline .
With the world expected to continue growing rapidly , there are excellent investment opportunities that will be funded only if capital continues to move into countries that can use it productively .
These inflows are expected to top US$ 1 trillion in the not-so-distant future .
In nineteenth-century Europe , the rich were expected to be frugal . Conspicuous consumption was eschewed .
In Western countries , politicians and civil servants are expected to be relatively poor .
On the eve of decolonization in 1960 , real GDP per head in Sub-Saharan Africa was almost three times higher than in Southeast Asia , and Africans were expected to live two years longer on average .
Most policymakers and experts expected that , after an inevitably troublesome period of transition , Russia would join the United States and Europe in a strategic and economic partnership , based on shared interests and values .
Third , Russia has not yet become economically integrated with the West , especially Europe , as was expected .
American unemployment is projected to peak at 9.4 % towards the end of 2009 or the beginning of 2010 , and is expected to remain above 7 % at least until the end of 2011 .
We might therefore have expected hours of work to have fallen by about two-thirds .
But this should be a warning signal : to say that with unemployment now much higher , inflation is expected to remain low is really to say that there will be little recovery over the next five years .
The discipline 's founders expected that , at some point in the future , mankind would attain a `` stationary state '' of zero growth .
But , in the twentieth century , with greater security of conditions and continuous economic growth , it became normal for individuals , companies , and governments to borrow in anticipation of earnings -- to spend money they did not have , but that they expected to have .
Thus , creditors -- mainly German and French banks -- are not expected to suffer losses on their existing loans , while borrowers gain more time to `` put their houses in order . ''
The Apocalyptic Mind LONDON -- It was only to be expected that former US Vice President Al Gore would give this month 's Burmese cyclone an apocalyptic twist .
But the dictatorship 's end came sooner then anyone expected .
MADRID -- Humanity 's main concerns today are not so much concrete evils as indeterminate threats . We are not worried by visible dangers , but by vague ones that could strike when least expected -- and against which we are insufficiently protected .
But if France and the UK understand how much their projection of power is linked to that of Europe , if they make cooperation reciprocal and expand it to other European countries -- according to the formula foreseen in the treaties -- we could eventually see an EU with the ability to assume the defense role expected of it by the global community .
But , given that container traffic is expected to increase by 164 % before 2020 , southern European ports should be able to increase their share in flows between Europe and the Far East by 40-50 % .
Yet popular resistance to these supposedly unfair entitlement reductions is stronger than expected .
As could be expected , Che applied Soviet policies to the Cubans : agriculture was destroyed and ghost factories dotted the landscape .
The International Monetary Fund -LRB- IMF -RRB- came through last week with a larger rescue package for Brazil than world financial markets expected .
If no lender of last resort ensures that credit is available at or below 10 % , Brazil can not be expected to meet its obligations - dealing a terrible blow both to Brazil and the international financial system .
This was almost completely unexpected , as the prevailing view was that financial markets are self-correcting .
When the euro was introduced , it was expected to bring about convergence among eurozone economies .
There were high expectations , both at home and abroad , that South Africa could and would punch above its weight in international affairs , capitalizing on the extraordinary and unexpected constitutional settlement achieved by Nelson Mandela and F. W. de Klerk in 1994 .
The issue can then be framed as follows : in the context of detecting and responding to systemic risk , which of the two types of errors has the higher expected costs ?
This implies that AWF has a higher expected cost than RWT , because there are a lot of false positives and\/or the cure is worse than the disease .
The Asar Party , founded and led by President Nazarbayev 's daughter , was expected to claim second place , assuring her eventual succession .
The outside world , which relies on the dollar as its primary trade vehicle and therefore reserve asset , can not be expected to watch passively as dollars continue to pour into their currency , commodity , and asset markets , with no clear end in sight .
GDP in the advanced economies is expected to shrink about 4 % this year .
But things keep getting worse : the deficit for 2009 alone is expected to be more than a half-trillion dollars , excluding the costs of financial bail-outs and the second stimulus package that almost all economists now say is urgently needed .
Consumer spending is plummeting , as expected .
America 's automatic stabilizers -- the progressivity of our tax systems , the strength of our welfare system -- have been greatly weakened , but they will provide some stimulus , as the expected fiscal deficit soars to 10 % of GDP .
- Bankers can be expected to act in their self-interest on the basis of incentives .
While there was less American leadership than one would have hoped , indeed expected under the circumstances , many participants were simply relieved that America did not put up obstacles to reaching a global consensus , as would have been the case if George W. Bush were still president .
Worse still , they have received support from the Fed , which one might have expected to adopt a more cautious stance , given the scale of its past mistakes and the extent to which it is evident that it reflects the interests of the banks that it was supposed to regulate .
Two million Americans lost their homes in 2008 , and 2.8 million more in 2009 , but the numbers are expected to be even higher in 2010 .
NEW YORK -- Sooner than expected , the International Monetary Fund will have a new managing director .
The leadership contest has turned out differently from what many had expected .
Foreign ownership of banks was supposed to ensure their stability ; it was expected that foreign banks would come to the rescue of their Argentine subsidiaries if they needed money .
Those who expected major reforms in the global financial architecture may well be sorely disappointed by what has happened in the past six years .
Those below him claim that they were just doing what they thought was expected of them .
The second surprise in 2005 was that while oil prices increased far more than expected , the economic dampening effect seemed somewhat muted in most places , at least until the last part of the year .
My concerns were borne out -- faster and in a manner far worse than I had ever expected .
There were many reasons not to have expected Malaysia to be a success .
Malaysia is rich in natural resources . But , with few exceptions , such countries are afflicted with the so-called `` natural resource curse '' : countries with an abundance of resources not only do not do as well as expected , but actually do worse than countries without such benefits .
On days when the war seems to be going better than expected , and the economy worse , the economy eclipses the war ; but neither is faring well .
When the United States went to war , oil cost less than $ 25 a barrel , and futures markets expected it to remain there for a decade .
Futures traders knew about the growth of China and other emerging markets ; but they expected supply -- mainly from low-cost Middle East providers -- to increase in tandem with demand .
In Vietnam , it is even higher and is expected to approach 18.2 % this year , and in India it is 5.8 % . By contrast , US inflation stands at 3 % .
It seems highly doubtful that the tide of international opinion will turn against China to the extent that investors in general are seriously expected to shun the market .
The frustrations of dealing with an undecided Europe have led Turkish policymakers to focus their efforts on an area where the expected return on their investment is more immediate and more concrete .
Recent World Bank poverty recalculations are expected to raise the number even higher .
With the G-7 struggling and emerging-market countries expected to support , if not lead , global recovery , that is an astonishingly short-sighted decision .
By reducing transaction costs and removing exchange-rate uncertainty , the single European currency was expected to lead to fully integrated product and financial markets . This , in turn , would bring greater gains from trade , stronger competition , larger cross-border capital flows , lower borrowing costs , and more opportunities for sharing risk , all of which were expected ultimately to boost investment and productivity .
Have the expected benefits of the new currency failed to materialize ?
Although a larger effect was expected , it remains too early for a complete assessment .
· The euro was expected to increase price transparency , thereby strengthening competition in product markets .
· The euro was expected to acquire an international role , eventually improving Europe 's resilience in the face of economic shocks .
It was expected that full integration of product and financial markets would expose inefficiencies , steering investment flows away from laggards towards the more efficient countries .
The increase in social-welfare costs is expected to start around 2013 , three years from now .
Second , the renminbi is expected to appreciate substantially in the coming years , owing not only to pressure over China 's huge trade surplus , but also to the Chinese government 's understanding that a stronger renminbi , despite its negative impact on exporters , is needed to fight inflation .
And new demands for fiscal expenditures are expected to grow as the country ages .
In about five years , all baby boomers will be over 65 , but pressure on government expenditures for pensions and health care is expected to start sooner , around 2013 .
In light of China 's rapid economic growth and the renminbi 's growing strength , Chinese GDP -LRB- based on the market dollar rate -RRB- will likely exceed that of the US much earlier than expected , possibly in 10-15 years .
Moreover , the extremely sharp contraction in first-quarter GDP may indicate that the disaster 's negative impact on the economy was more significant than expected .
Indeed , the economy is expected to have shrunk by another 2.6 % year on year in the second quarter , with growth set to resume only in July-September .
Almost 30 % expected to recover by the summer , and the remaining 10 % foresaw normal operations after the autumn .
Cultural exchanges have increased , and Calderón is expected to visit Havana soon .
Indeed , an independent South Sudan is expected to grant diplomatic recognition to Somaliland , the successful and stable former British protectorate that has had de facto independence from the rest of Somalia since 1991 .
Unless a robust international economic boom -LRB- unlikely -RRB- unexpectedly aids Berlusconi 's government , we will hear more talk about reform but see even less action .
Of course , amendments and objections to the draft should be expected .
But more is needed and should be expected of him .
Growing demand for raw materials , owing to sharply increased industrial growth in Asia , particularly China and India , has benefited the terms of trade of many Latin American countries , and this is not expected to end anytime soon .
And , if some of the film 's larger-than-expected profits are directed toward the slums where the movie was made , the protestors are quite likely to fade away .
Yet , when it comes to protecting this global treasure , these countries are expected to shoulder the burden by themselves .
The failure to mobilize consumer interests in favor of European integration is particularly disappointing for the new member states , which had expected to reap some of the benefits .
Moreover , absentee farmers face unexpected problems .
Moreover , `` the US housing market appears to be stabilizing ... Overall , the US mortgage market has remained resilient , although the sub-prime segment has deteriorated a bit more rapidly than had been expected . ''
For them , climate change can be expected to bring more erratic and uncertain storms , with no guarantee of water in the well , bucket , and field .
Parts of East and West Africa are expected to get wetter , with rain falling in heavy , intense storms that not only bring greater risks of erosion , flooding , and crop damage , but also leave people more exposed to malaria and cattle herds to decimation by outbreaks of diseases like Rift Valley fever .
Even when people feel we have not lived up to the standards expected of a world city , we are glad to be held to a high benchmark , because it keeps us on our toes .
`` How can we be expected to build the socialist economy , '' asked a Ukrainian peasant , `` when we are all doomed to hunger ? '' We now know , after 20 years of discussion of Soviet documents , that in 1932 Stalin knowingly transformed the collectivization famine in Ukraine into a deliberate campaign of politically motivated starvation .
Indeed , Russia 's government , unexpectedly , has taken resolute and mostly correct economic decisions .
In one session , 61 % of participants foresaw stagnation in the next 2-5 years -LRB- 33 % predicted growth and 5 % expected a crisis -RRB- .
Upon entry , they will become members of the European Central Bank , which means that the new members are expected to take active steps towards fulfilling the necessary conditions for future admission into the eurozone .
The regime clearly expected the crowds that protested the fraudulent election of November 21 to scatter in apathy .
Worldwide energy demand has increased by more than 50 % since 1980 , and is expected to grow annually by 1.6 % between now and 2030 .
In 2006 alone , China added about 93,000 megawatts of coal - fired electricity generating capacity , and this trend is expected to continue as the country tries to meet its huge energy needs .
But there is no indication that a non-authoritarian Egyptian regime would call into question the bilateral peace treaty , though a definite end to the Gaza blockade and a shift in attitude towards Hamas -- in the sense of a more serious attempt at forging Palestinian unity -- are to be expected .
In short , it did as much as the once-golden child in the class could have been expected to .
If high commodity prices are expected to persist , then some strengthening of currencies is both desirable and inevitable .
Deprived of funds that had already been committed and expected , Haiti fell into arrears on money owed for loan repayment , triggering IDB policies that prevented the Bank from releasing loans .
Indian investment in Côte d'Ivoire is expected to grow to $ 1 billion by 2011 , which represents 10 % of total Indian foreign investment in the last decade .
The global economic system was buoyant and East Asia , not least post-Maoist China , was more deeply committed than anyone expected to support that system .
US President Barack Obama has become one of the most prominent global advocates of abolishing nuclear weapons , a position for which he unexpectedly received a Noble Peace Prize last year .
It involves linking examination of the traumatic incident with education about the expected emotional responses and assurances that these are normal .
Perhaps the process of debriefing , part of whose purpose is to warn participants of emotional reactions that might be expected to develop over weeks and months , actually increases the occurrence of these symptoms .
Starting this year , this mechanism is expected to produce $ 40 million annually .
Those who did not were expected to fend mostly for themselves .
This is true even when current rates can not be lowered any further -- and even if inflation expectations remain unaffected -- owing to the effects of the expected future path of short rates on current long-term interest rates and on the exchange rate .
Angela Merkel was sometimes called the German Iron Lady , and that seems to have scared enough people to rob her of an expected victory .
From the outset , both sides expected a defining fight , which occurred last November , after the government decided to align the retirement age in the public sector with that of the private sector .
LONDON -- The unexpected visibility and assertiveness of women in the revolutions unfolding across the Arab world -- in Tunisia , Egypt , Libya , Yemen , Bahrain , Syria , and elsewhere -- has helped propel what has become variously known as the `` Arab awakening '' or `` Arab Spring . ''
On the surface , the succession has proceeded as expected , with Crown Prince Abdullah becoming king now that Fahad has died .
All over the world -- in the US , Europe , and China -- stimulus programs have paid off , as expected .
Indeed , it is widely expected that a new system of collective leadership will emerge if Kim Jong-il is incapacitated .
It is widely expected that Kim Jong-il 's third son , Kim Jong-eun , will be appointed to a key position and be publicly announced as his father 's successor .
Obama will be on African soil for a mere two days , during which time he is expected to emphasize America 's role in promoting good governance and non-violence in Africa -- goals long high on America 's public agenda .
But space research is expected to yield practical benefits .
According to Juma , that number is expected to double over the next two years , making China `` Africa 's leading destination for science and engineering education . ''
When two monkeys work for food , a fair split is expected .
Our private sector arm , the International Finance Corporation -LRB- IFC -RRB- , is launching or expanding three facilities to help the private sector , expected to total around $ 30 billion over the next three years .
