What Pakistan 's military strategists failed to realize was that groups like LET and JuD had local agendas as well -- converting Pakistan into a theocracy .
The delusion is based on two false assumptions : that the Iranians and the Syrians can succeed in Iraq where the US has failed , and that the international community can afford to pay the price of ensuring their cooperation .
The Warriors of God is one of a handful of radical , al-Qaeda-inspired groups to have appeared in the Gaza Strip in recent months , first coming to public attention in June after claiming responsibility for a failed horseback attack on Israel from Gaza .
Yet this policy has failed .
IRVING , TEXAS -- When OPEC members met in Vienna recently , the Saudis failed to control the meeting , OPEC 's production ceiling remained unchanged , and member countries are setting their own output levels .
In the Airtours\/First Choice case , the Court ruled that the Commission failed to prove that the three leading tour operators , if merged , `` would have an incentive to cease competing with each other . '' The Court rejected the Commission 's conclusion that the merger would enable them `` to interpret each other 's business strategies more easily and to adopt those strategies themselves . ''
Moreover , the Commission `` failed to identify or demonstrate clearly '' how the merged operators would enforce any `` common policy . ''
Even after the Gulf war , he failed to realize that the Iraqi officials , who were again assuring the UN that they were hiding nothing , were but consummate liars .
Oblivious , apparently , to the dreadfulness of the situation , they failed to sound the alarm properly and did nothing to intervene .
Yet when thousands or hundreds of thousands of people were exposed to mortal threats that he had the authority and duty to avert , alleviate , or at least announce , he failed abjectly .
When a bloody coup against Corazon Aquino 's fledgling democratic government failed , the leader of the putsch escaped from a floating prison -- and then successfully ran for senator .
Now , they are gradually coming to understand that the government has failed them .
Indeed , because oil prices were rising while the dollar was declining , capacity expansion by oil firms failed to meet forecasts for non-OPEC production in the last three years .
In Europe , we by and large failed to heed the warning signals of America 's sub-prime mortgage crisis when it erupted in the late summer of 2007 , and thus were unprepared when the next phase of the crisis engulfed European banks , too .
The European Central Bank has also failed to tackle local bubbles in Europe .
Despite his intellectual status and prestige , Qutb had failed to persuade the majority of like-minded inmates under conditions of repression .
He failed , because he gave in to petty protectionist interests , imposing a timber embargo against Finland and Sweden , a fish embargo against Norway , and various agricultural embargos against Lithuania , Ukraine , Moldova , Georgia , and others .
There is no denying that advanced democracies largely failed to preempt the financial and sovereign-debt crises , while most emerging economies pursued better economic policies .
Despite strong scientific evidence showing sharp declines in the populations of all three , every proposal for tougher trade controls on these marine species -- along with more than 30 species of coral -- failed to secure the necessary two-thirds majority .
Palestine is not yet a state , but it is already a failed one .
In the elections , Hamas received its dividend for doing what the Fatah-led Palestinian Authority failed to do .
But the fundamental problem is that , until now , at every historical juncture , the Palestinians refused to accept a compromise and consequently failed in nation-building .
And Halutz failed to present the civilian leadership with the full panoply of military options at the army 's disposal .
Sadly , this is only the latest chapter in the Palestinians ' tragic history of failed attempts to create a nation-state .
This happened to Clinton at Camp David in 2000 , when he failed to bring Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat to an agreement , and to Bush 's Road Map in 2003 , when both sides agreed in principle to its general guidelines , but did little to implement them .
The same dynamic can be seen elsewhere : for all its power , the US has failed to resolve the conflicts in Cyprus , Bosnia , or Kosovo .
The Annan Plan failed in Cyprus because of one party 's opposition ; progress now -LRB- the minor but symbolically important opening of the Ledra Street crossing in downtown Nicosia -RRB- reflects internal political changes on the Greek Cypriot side .
Third , and most significantly , the 1993 Israel-PLO agreement has until now failed to achieve its aim .
Attempts to revive the Oslo peace process -- the `` Road Map '' and the Annapolis process -- have similarly failed to achieve more than vacuous declarations and hollow photo opportunities .
The Oslo process has failed ; an attempt to revive it -- say , by way of the Beirut Arab peace initiative -- will merely bring into the open all of the existing disagreements between the two sides , and will not overcome the Palestinian failure at nation-building .
Until now , they have failed abysmally in institutional nation-building , a necessary requirement for any successful national movement .
Palestinian nationalism is deeply ingrained in the consciousness of most Palestinians -- yet , since 1948 , when the United Nations proposed partitioning British Palestine into two states , a Jewish and an Arab one , it has failed to move from ideology towards reality .
Fayyad is the first Palestinian leader who did not emerge from the Fatah movement , and he may thus understand what other Palestinian leaders failed to comprehend , mired as they were in a toxic combination of self-righteous ideology and violence .
Yet , after dozens of meetings , public and private , the two sides failed to reach an agreement .
After some procrastination and an initial failed attempt , Milosevic has been arrested , without bloodshed , though not without danger .
The IMF was created to prevent crises like the current one and in this it has failed .
Meanwhile , the new government failed to investigate numerous war crimes , miscarriages of justice , and the corruption of the Tudjman era .
Fourth , export controls have failed to prevent the spread of sensitive nuclear technology , not least due to the sophisticated efforts of clandestine networks like the one run by Pakistani nuclear scientist A.Q. Khan .
Al-Ahmar has also not benefited from the military aid that the US lavished on Yemen in the wake of al-Qaeda 's failed Christmas Day plot in 2009 to down an American airliner .
A Way out of Tibet 's Morass NEW YORK -- China has survived the 50th anniversary of the failed uprising by Tibetans against Chinese rule in 1959 without major protests .
Credit rating agencies , which play an important role in modern capital markets , completely failed in the years preceding the financial crisis .
Indeed , bailouts of failed institutions should never extend the government 's safety net to such counterparties .
In early 2005 , three years after a new law on environmental impact assessments -LRB- EIA 's -RRB- was passed , the State Environmental Protection Bureau -LRB- SEPA -RRB- , ordered the halt of 30 large projects , including 26 hydropower plants that had failed to submit proper EIA 's .
One lesson of Sadat 's initiative is that in protracted conflicts where deep emotions and historical hatreds are involved , when almost every conceivable diplomatic formula has been tried and failed , the shock of a visionary , generous , and imaginative step can open new paths .
As products of revolutionary military takeovers , these secular nationalist regimes failed to produce genuine popular legitimacy and have had to fall back on the dynastic succession practiced by the regimes they toppled .
Many Muslims who have been fighting for years for their countries ' modernization have so far failed to find a lucid response to the progressive wave of radical Islam .
The Iranians now see themselves as immune from an American attack on their nuclear installations , for America 's troubles in Iraq and the growing opposition to the war in the US are a signal to them that America 's strategy of pre-emptive wars has failed .
Moreover , Israel has failed to redress a dangerous imbalance : however creative its economy may be , the burden of military expenditure is undermining its investment in education and scientific research .
Bush 's Road Map to Failure in the Middle East Six long years of failed Middle East policies have finally brought President George W. Bush to recognize that the alliance of moderates in the region that he covets can only be forged through an Arab-Israeli peace .
Nor is Rice 's insistence on sticking to the failed `` road map '' for an Israeli-Palestinian settlement promising .
Israel and the United States failed resoundingly in their attempt to dislodge Hamas from Gaza , or in forcing it to accept conditions for an end to the international boycott .
Donald Rumsfeld 's dogma of military `` transformation '' -- the technological upgrading of an army 's capacity to enable decisive victory with fewer troops -- failed resoundingly in Iraq .
Begin was the best proof that Israel 's critics needed that the Zionist revolution , although it created a state out of the ashes of the Holocaust , had failed to eradicate the collective self-image of the Jew and the Israeli as victim .
They failed to advance their peace initiative with Israel , and are complicit in the blockade of Gaza in the hope that Hamas will collapse , thereby humbling their own Islamist oppositions .
TEL AVIV -- Twenty years after the Madrid Peace conference , and ten years after President Bill Clinton 's heroic efforts at Camp David failed to yield a settlement between Israelis and Palestinians , one can not escape the conclusion that the Israeli-Palestinian peace process has become one of the most spectacular deceptions in modern diplomatic history .
Long years of mediation and endless peace proposals in the Sri Lanka conflict failed to end the war and the devastation of entire Tamil communities .
So far , the good offices of the Norwegian government have failed to produce an agreement on the key question of the post-independence distribution of oil revenues between North and South .
The West , after all , never put irresistible pressure on any Arab regime to undertake reforms , and deserted its autocratic clients in Tunisia and Egypt only when they failed to nip the revolutionary bud .
Three times in their history -- in 1937,1947 , and 2000 -- the Palestinians were offered a state , and three times their leaders failed to meet the challenge -- admittedly never an easy one for a nation built on such an unwavering ethos of dispossession .
America has always known that the Middle East 's problems are interconnected , but for years it got its priorities wrong , because it failed to see that if there was an Archimedean point to the Middle East problem , it was to be found in the Palestinian issue , not the `` War on Terror , '' Iraq , or the need for Arab democracy .
The EU 's current model -- the `` single passport '' with home-country regulation of financial institutions -- has failed on an embarrassing scale .
Yet this model has conspicuously failed to protect host countries against the systemic risk of excessive capital inflows .
But NATO has failed the most important test , namely to ensure that its members continue to see its success as essential to their interests .
It is merely to point out what should be obvious : Israel 's efforts to find a unilateral solution to its security problems -- whether occupation , withdrawal , or separation -- have failed .
So far , the only lesson Israel seems to have drawn from its failed strategies is that it must extend and intensify the use of unilateral force : re-invade Gaza , devastate Lebanon , and threaten Syria and , by implication , Iran , which the Israeli government hints , had a hand in orchestrating the recent crisis .
Instead , its leaders hope that a robust international force in southern Lebanon will provide protection for northern Israel , leaving them with a free hand to deal unilaterally with Gaza and the West Bank , while committing the international community to Israel 's failed unilateralism .
This scare arose during Senator John Kerry 's failed presidential campaign in 2004 , when digitized x-rays were sent from Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston to be read in India .
The European Union 's leaders have just met to draw the lessons from the failed referenda on the Constitutional Treaty .
On March 24 , 2010 , what all observers of European affairs have long known will be written in stone : the EU failed to attain the targets for economic growth , efficiency , and modernization set ten years ago in Lisbon .
What failed in the Lisbon Strategy ?
But all these commendable efforts have failed to counter the phenomenon .
Every aspect of the war strategy has failed .
Harsh new domestic laws in many countries have not only failed to control the spread of drugs throughout the world , but have delivered a vast new source of state intrusiveness into the lives of millions of people .
Otherwise , we will all remain addicted to a failed drug war .
If Italy and the EU had not understood the need to work with non-European countries , and make them feel that they were responsible and fully-fledged protagonists , the efforts to establish the ICC and be so close to declare a universal moratorium on the death penalty would have failed .
Yet North America has failed to match Europe in building the political structures necessary to focus the hemisphere on the problems of immigration , cross border security , labor rights , and environmental degradation ; or in facilitating a more united approach to strong economic competition from Europe and Asia .
We have failed to understand that a North American Free Trade Area -LRB- NAFTA -RRB- that achieves its full potential can not be accomplished on the cheap .
Attempts to build a serious `` rainy day fund '' have failed badly .
No surprise , then , that the large financial firms that failed -- Bear Stearns , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , AIG , and Lehman Brothers -- had the highest leverage , in the range of 30 or 40 times their capital .
Industrial policy failed miserably in the 1970 's and 1980 's .
Worse , given the splintering of rebel forces in the South , where an estimated 80 tribes and clans control their own militias , a military response could generate a power vacuum in Sudan and destabilize the nine countries -- many of them fragile or failed states -- on its borders .
At the same time , the right-wing mantra -- victory -- failed to offer a credible way to replace the Iranian and Syrian governments , or to destroy Hamas and Hezbollah .
Will Pope Benedict XVI achieve the breakthrough that his friend and predecessor failed to realize ?
Here he was helped by the lackluster efforts of his main opponent , José Serra , who failed to build on the substantial achievements of outgoing President Fernando Henrique Cardoso .
So far it has failed to achieve its purpose and Brazil is remains poised on a knife-edge .
The second `` mistake '' came the following November , after Musharraf 's government failed to contain the legal community 's impressive civil-disobedience movement to pressure the government into reinstating Chaudhry .
Burma failed miserably , and , despite belated efforts to make the best of terrible circumstances , so has ASEAN .
In addition , there have been a handful of indirect interventions , failed coups , and whispered threats elsewhere .
Our first challenge is to recognize that electoral government has failed to lead to a true democracy of the people .
All attempts by the communist regime to sever the links between the Catholic Church and the Polish nation failed .
Forced secularization from above -- relatively successful in the Soviet Union -- failed abjectly .
It is possible to disagree with Wright and his ilk , but it is hardly disputable that public debate in the US has systematically failed to engage in a serious discussion about the disturbing political issues that lurk beneath -- although never justify -- those attacks .
In Guatemala , once again , President Oscar Berger was obviously proud to receive Bush , but failed to obtain a commitment from him to stop the inhuman , hateful Homeland Security raids by US law enforcement officers against undocumented immigrants , exemplified by the detention and attempt at deportation , on the eve of Bush 's visit , of nearly 300 Guatemalans working at a Massachussetts , military vest factory .
The US can not continue with the failed policies of the past half-century .
Herein lies a dilemma for the next US president : how to address the clear rift between the two lefts in a way that improves US-Latin American relations , fortifies the modern left , and weakens the retrograde left without resorting to the failed interventionist policies of the past .
Mexico is consumed by its failed drug war , which has cost more than 25,000 lives and , according to just published US government statistics , has deterred Colombian cocaine traffickers , but has fostered dramatic increases in Mexican production of heroin , marijuana , and methamphetamines .
Lula 's attempt , together with Turkey , to broker a deal between Iran and the West failed when the US convinced Russia and China , along with countries such as Mexico , to approve a new round of UN sanctions against Iran .
Had he failed to win in the capital and the country 's principal cities , he would have had to recognize the failure of his authoritarian political model , which has also had no success in reducing poverty .
But then we are shocked into recognizing that our imagination failed us - there was worse to come .
Likewise , the Mumbai-based NGO Pratham 's Annual Status of Education Report 2005 , which was prepared after a survey in 28 states and union territories , reveals that 35 % of children in the 7-14 age group are unable to read simple paragraphs , while 41 % failed to solve a simple two-digit subtraction problem or a division problem .
So , unlike the East Europeans who overthrew their corrupt political leaders in 1989 , and some Latin Americans who did so more recently in Bolivia , Argentina , and Ecuador , Cubans have failed to rally against Castro .
Which states will accept China as Asia 's leader ? Six decades of ruthless repression has failed to win China acceptance even in Tibet and Xinjiang , as the Tibetan and Uighur revolts of 2008 and 2009 attested .
Unlike in other failed states , however , in Pakistan state-nurtured terrorism and state-supported nuclear smuggling uniquely intersect .
Even as Americans exult over bin Laden 's killing , the US government must recognize that its failed policy on Pakistan has inadvertently made that country the world 's main terrorist sanctuary .
But in Asia , the wars since 1950 failed to resolve disputes .
So far , however , China has failed to persuade the country 's president to lease it one of the 700 uninhabited Maldivian islands for use as a small base for the Chinese navy .
These goodwill gestures have , however , failed to moderate China 's belligerent posture .
But do the talks now underway have any better chance of success than the countless failed negotiations that have marked the past fifty years ?
In failed economies , people work little , save little , and stick with outmoded techniques even when incentives are good .
These attempts failed , and neuroscientific pursuits seem similarly unlikely to overturn our views on human free will and responsibility .
A conventional military approach failed in Cambodia and Lebanon .
But , propped up by military contracts , those state companies were never well run or efficient ; greatly overstaffed , they produced little , similar to the failed state-owned enterprises of the old Soviet Union .
The failed revolutions in Hungary in 1956 and in Czechoslovakia in 1968 foreshadowed the eventual failure of the Soviet empire in 1989 .
It has now joined the growing list of the world 's failed states and can at best be described as a potential federation of three states plus the unruly city of Baghdad .
However much one may favor multiethnic nation-states , once such a construction has failed , it is imperative to listen to popular sentiment .
As a person , he never failed to impress his many visitors .
Traditional Socialist nostrums -- nationalization , price controls , government direction -- had failed in the past , could not be expected to work in the future , and thus held no credibility with voters .
But for its first five years in power , its `` Third Way '' rhetoric failed to conceal that it was pursuing ultra-liberal center-right policies .
Perhaps there is a difference : the bankers ' sins were sins of commission , while the politicians ' sins -- repeated failed efforts to produce a solution to match the scale of the problem -- are sins of omission .
Many companies are withdrawing from the region , and large investments from China , particularly in Brazil , though promised , have failed to materialize .
Georgia has failed to create the jobs , dynamism , and inclusion that are necessary for a peaceful society .
Moreover , failed states are an incubator for terrorism , trafficking of drugs and people , piracy , and other illicit activities .
As prices went up and recessionary pressures increased , many homeowners failed to pay their mortgages .
Summers was criticizing Europe 's focus on the second-order issue of Greece while far graver imbalances -- between the EU 's north and south , and between reckless banks ' creditors and governments that failed to regulate properly -- worsen with each passing day .
Mankiw made that argument , but he failed to be understood .
Measured against these principles , Reagan failed on -LRB- 2 -RRB- and -LRB- 4 -RRB- and adopted -LRB- 1 -RRB- only by default -- Paul Volcker 's anti-inflation policy in the 1980 's dismayed many of Reagan 's close aides .
Thatcher failed on -LRB- 4 -RRB- . And Deng -- while a vast improvement over his predecessors Lenin , Stalin , Khrushchev , and Mao -- failed on all five , with the possible exception of -LRB- 3 -RRB- .
Regardless of whether they have rejected our interpretations and understandings or simply have built or failed to build their own in ignorance of what we have done , why have they not used our work ?
It is now 19 months after Bear Stearns failed and was taken over by JP MorganChase with the assistance of up to $ 30 billion of Federal Reserve money on March 16 , 2008 , and industrial production stands 14 % below its peak in 2007 .
By contrast , 19 months after the Bank of the United States , with 450,000 depositors , failed on December 11 , 1930 -- the first major bank collapse in New York since the Knickerbocker Trust failure during the panic and depression of 1907 -- industrial production , according to the Federal Reserve index , was 54 % below its 1929 peak .
After all , Mao 's Cultural Revolution against `` feudal society '' did raze much of the cultural landscape , denuding it not only of traditional values and institutions , but also of failed socialist efforts , leaving China ready for the seeds of capitalist development .
Once the tailspin began in 1997 , governments ' lack of reserves hampered their ability to rescue failed banks , forcing them to appeal to international institutions for relief .
Yet this cooperation has failed to stymie the fusion of terrorist and criminal activity .
In this latest case , the junta-controlled news media failed to announce warnings about the approaching cyclone .
But on other issues , Ban has failed to live up to the critically important precedent set by his predecessor as Secretary-General , Kofi Annan , who transformed the position to promote human rights and assumed the role of the `` world 's conscience '' when necessary .
All five failed . As US President-elect Barack Obama and his advisers assess their foreign-policy priorities , they will encounter the immediate challenge of addressing Iran 's nuclear program and the country 's growing strategic importance in the Middle East and South Asia .
The most notable barrage here was the affaire Stiglitz , when the World Bank 's chief economist accused the IMF of malpractice , gaining applause from bad economists and failed policy makers worldwide .
The trouble is that Mr. Koizumi 's political mandate is not enough , and that public enthusiasm for his program has failed to recognize that , at the start , it will deliver higher unemployment and no growth .
It is now clear that the Euro 's launch was a failed IPO .
After all , blaming the US is predominantly a way of shifting light from Europe 's failed leadership to another country 's struggles for a safer world -LRB- including the continued existence of Israel -RRB- and a stronger world economy .
Re-Booting NATO-Russia Relations MOSCOW -- The crisis in Georgia last August tested Europe 's security system , and the system failed to fulfill its core task of ensuring common security for the continent as a whole .
He failed , but the idea did not vanish .
The EU 's fiscal surveillance mechanisms failed to predict these developments because they neglect a crucial variable : the dynamics of private-sector debt .
The victory of Gutierrez , who participated in the failed coup against President Jamil Mahuad in 2000 , is a serious blow to speedy approval of the Free Trade Area of the Americas -LRB- FTAA -RRB- -- the Bush administration 's effort to create a hemispheric trade bloc rivaling the European Union .
Gutierrez 's past as a fomenter of coups has linked him in the minds of many to Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez , another former military officer who also authored a failed coup before becoming president .
The Best and Brightest Fanatics In Britain and Australia , several Muslim medical doctors and engineers have been arrested following a series of failed car bombings .
The continent needs measures that are designed to encourage savings and investment , improve labor utilization , and upgrade failed educational systems .
It also failed to adopt precision machinery that depended on electricity , which prevented it from producing machined components for use in assembling typewriters , cash registers , and motor vehicles .
The same story can be told about other new industries like synthetic chemicals , dyestuffs , and telephony , in all of which Britain failed to establish a foothold .
Britain failed to put in place an effective competition policy .
The country failed to develop a coherent policy response to the financial crisis of the 1930 's .
The effort failed completely .
Private markets in SDR-denominated instruments similarly failed to develop , in turn limiting their appeal to central banks .
Rather , the problem is that the benefits of growth have failed to trickle down to disaffected youth .
Keynes failed in his quest to endow the IMF with the power to create a new international reserve unit as an alternative to the dollar . And he failed to secure agreement on measures that might force surplus as well as deficit countries , and the issuer of the international currency as well as its users , to adjust .
European Union leaders failed at their summit two weeks ago to produce anything of substance .
Italy , meanwhile , failed to use the significant windfall from the steep decline in long-term interest rates caused by the introduction of the euro and a decade of rapid economic growth to repair its debt position . Italy 's debt barely budged and stayed well above 100 % of GDP .
The international community , too , has failed .
The Chief Prosecutor of the ICC , Luis Moreno Ocampo , should be urged to accelerate his investigations and , once the evidence is sufficient , bring charges against those who have committed these crimes or failed to discipline or prosecute the perpetrators .
Throughout this difficult period , the European Union has failed Ukraine , bluntly declaring that it should not hold any hope of future membership and justifying this stance by citing its internal problems -- the stranded Constitutional Treaty -- and growing public sentiment against further enlargement .
Three older missiles , launched in his presence , failed to reach their targets on Kamchatka .
Only when that failed did Resolution 1973 embrace the military option .
George W. Bush failed to honor his anti-Chinese protectionist campaign promises of 2000 , as did Bill Clinton throughout his presidency .
The government programs failed to provide the `` pump-priming '' role that was intended .
They failed to get that vote , and early elections were called .
This initiative failed for two reasons .
So will a failed `` Peace of the Strong '' be followed by a successful `` Peace of the Weak '' ?
The next war , terrorist attack , or failed peace initiative may lurk just around the corner .
Indeed , the current global financial crisis has demonstrated once more that the EU is strong where it has integrated its member states ' interests and weak where it has failed to do so .
The European constitution has failed , the Lisbon reform treaty is in limbo after the Irish rejected it , and stronger European economic governance is blocked by German-French disunity .
Even worse , given that Obama 's effort to enforce a permanent moratorium on new settlement construction in the West Bank has failed , is that direct negotiations between the conflicting parties have run aground .
Was it a test that failed ?
And there is the experience of Ukraine 's `` Orange Revolution '' in 2004 , which failed a few years later due to the estrangement , incompetence , and corruption of its leaders .
Thus far , the EU and the Greek government have failed to address Greece 's structural problems .
But the germ of such a debate exists , and it sounds very different from that which dominated the failed constitutional referendum campaign in France two years ago .
It is in the hedge fund industry 's interest to encourage greater regulation and transparency , lest a rising tide of failed funds cause investor confidence to collapse , putting both good and bad wizards out of business .
The main criticism against him was that he failed to engage with practicing biologists .
Observers even compared it to the infamous failed London Economic Summit of 1933 , which was a way of saying that the world had not learned the lessons of the Great Depression .
In Iraq alone , the administration misestimated the threat of WMD , failed to plan adequately for the occupation , and then proved unable to adjust quickly when things went wrong .
It does not explain why other countries that took even stronger measures failed to generate a similarly rapid recovery , or why China 's government seems to have more room than others for policy maneuver .
Muddling through has failed .
While legal harmonization and constitution - making attest to deepening integration , Europe 's institutions have failed to generate what every political community needs in order to survive and thrive : a feeling of belonging .
But relative stability has not improved matters , delivering only failed governments , negative growth , the rise of radical Islam , and ever more repression .
The al-Saud royal family failed to back the US effort in Iraq because of domestic concerns .
Legislation , courts , and law-enforcement mechanisms have failed to address the high incidence of violence against women .
The East-West arms race had created an explosive situation . Nuclear deterrents could have failed at any moment .
Even though we failed to achieve our highest aspirations in Reykjavik , the summit was nonetheless , in the words of my former counterpart , `` a major turning point in the quest for a safer and secure world . ''
Jospin 's program failed to diminish these twin ills primarily because French society is divided between a large public sector and a dynamic private sector , much of which is increasingly being driven outside the country because of high taxation and endless bureaucracy .
Why has every attempt to set prices for global carbon emissions failed ?
The Stability and Growth Pact clearly did not prevent `` excessive '' deficits , and the no-bailout clause failed its first test when European leaders , facing the Greek crisis , solemnly declared on February 11 that euro-zone members would `` take determined and coordinated action , if needed , to safeguard financial stability in the euro area as a whole . ''
How to Make EU Integration Popular Across the European Union , fears about globalization and antipathy to integration and immigration have produced massive political fallout , including the failed French and Dutch referenda on the Union 's draft constitutional treaty and a de facto moratorium on accession talks with Turkey .
Outdated labor-market rules are the key reason why the full benefits of the internal market and monetary union have failed to materialize .
These analogies are important because in both Algeria and South Africa , colonialism failed .
The negotiating formula of `` land for peace '' and `` breakthroughs '' like the Oslo accords failed to dampen the conflict because the Arabs understandably interpret Israeli concessions as signs of weakness .
But Argentina remains overly dependent on commodities , and has failed to encourage economic activity based on its peoples ' culture and ingenuity .
The Barcelona Process , which Jacques Delors initiated in 1995 as head of the European Commission , had its merits , but failed to meet the expectations that it created . In 2005 , on the 10th anniversary of its launch , I joined political leaders from both sides of the Mediterranean in calling for a re-formulation of the partnership through the creation of a Euro-Mediterranean community .
All stick and little carrot has failed to quell Chechen nationalism , and President Vladimir Putin 's similarly heavy-handed attempts to control Russia 's so-called `` near abroad '' -- as in Ukraine during the Orange Revolution -- have proven no more successful .
If Palestine were a state , it would be judged to have failed .
Pakistan , which possesses dozens of nuclear weapons and is host to the world 's most dangerous terrorists , could become a failed state , as could nuclear-armed North Korea .
Over time , a failure to reduce greenhouse gas emissions would lead to additional climate change , which in turn would increase the severity of poverty , the scale of internal displacement and migration , the scarcity of water , the prevalence of disease , and the number and intensity of storms . The result could be more failed states and more conflict between states .
Khidhir Hamza , a former advisor to the Iraqi Atomic Energy Organization and former Director of Iraq 's Nuclear Weapons Program , explains how and why the UN inspections failed .
Most shockingly , the inspector 's reports failed to state clearly and unequivocally that Iraq remains unwilling to disarm .
Meanwhile , the EU has failed to deliver fully on aid and trade pledges to Turkish Cypriots .
Just over a year ago , the Finnish EU presidency failed to break the gridlock over the Cyprus trade issue , illustrating again the limited value of trying to agree partial solutions and `` confidence-building '' measures .
But it appears as if Russia has failed to understand or , in fact , to genuinely take notice of any of this .
Burma 's rulers have failed in their duty to protect the Burmese people , but active and decisive political action by the international community towards the regime may yet do so .
Meanwhile , the administration of President Yanukovych proclaims its willingness to join the EU , but has failed to introduce the changes needed to meet the qualifying criteria .
The attempted assassination in Jeddah last month of Prince Muhammad bin Nayef , the deputy interior minister for security affairs , demonstrates both elements of the Saudi strategy , and how a bold attempt by Al-Qaeda to revive its fortunes has failed .
It , too , failed to carry out health care and pension reforms even if resistance at that time came from different interest groups .
When asked why they failed to include this facility in their declaration of nuclear programs , North Korean officials responded cheerfully -- and absurdly -- that it had been built from scratch only after the collapse of the nuclear negotiations in 2008 .
The administration arguably devoted most of its counterterrorism efforts not to law enforcement operations , but into `` war '' in Muslim lands because it failed to keep a cool head in the immediate aftermath of the attacks on New York and Washington .
The plight of these victims long went unrecognized , as governments and the international community alike failed to acknowledge their rights to protection and assistance .
In this quintessential `` failed state , '' this sort of elders ' wisdom may be the only option to start dealing with the quagmire created by the lawlessness that has gripped the country since the departure of the dictator Said Barre in 1991 .
During the last fifty years , repeated attempts by reform-oriented elements to open up Saudi Arabia 's society and polity had failed .
The first time , they gained a governing plurality , put their slogans into practice , and failed to maintain their popular support .
If we Indonesians had not been in charge of our own transition , it could easily have failed .
McCain 's advisors would do well to consider a historical precedent : the failed British attempt at World War I 's close to maintain a long-term military presence in Iraq .
First , private sector solutions have been tried but have failed in a breathtakingly short space of time .
By an unfortunate coincidence , the Macmillan Committee produced its report on July 13 , 1931 , the day that Germany 's most dynamic universal bank , the Darmstädter Bank , failed .
Franklin Roosevelt was already taking vigorous action against the depression , and was trying to reorder the failed US banking system .
Only one German bank , the notoriously mismanaged Hypo Real Estate , which had already required massive state help , failed .
The IMF was given a privileged legal position , and only devastated and wrecked `` failed states '' such as Sudan would default on loans from the Fund .
Moreover , mines , bombs , and grenades that failed to explode during combat often continue to render areas inaccessible both for humans and larger animals long after a war ends .
Pemex tried to put a device called a `` sombrero '' over the Ixtoc leak to collect the oil at the ocean floor , but the plan failed because the structure could not be kept in place .
But what Orwell failed to predict is that China 's government has accomplished this with the help of Western democracies .
And Japan has so far failed to live up to its treaty obligations to clean up between 700,000 and two million chemical weapons that were abandoned in China by the Japanese army at the end of World War II , another potential flash point if any of these weapons causes casualties in China .
In a nutshell : Ireland 's policymakers failed to supervise their banks , and watched -LRB- or cheered -RRB- from the sidelines as a debt-fueled spending binge generated the `` Celtic miracle , '' whereby Ireland grew faster than all other EU members and Dublin real estate became some of the most expensive in the world .
The irony is that the crisis of 1997-1998 was one in which a particular system of exchange-rate pegs failed when capital flowed out .
Countries borrowed from the IMF only under duress , when all else failed -- and when there was simply no other way to pay for essential imports .
The government is running budget deficits of 10 % of GDP , despite having cut public-sector wages , and now plans further cuts to service failed banks ' debt .
This is exactly what happened when Lehman Brothers failed in September 2008 , and what happened when AIG was taken over by the US government -LRB- actually in a resolution-type structure , with losses implied for creditors -RRB- two days later .
His concerns appear to have been vindicated by the 20-minute shutdown of trading in New York on May 6 , when the stock market completely failed in its most basic function : price discovery between buyers and sellers .
But even leaving aside the fiscal implications , many labor economists now believe that early retirement has failed to open up jobs for young people and reduce unemployment rates .
Indeed , the `` secret '' of the hydrogen bomb was published in 1979 in an article by Howard Morland in The Progressive magazine , sparking a failed legal suit by the US government to suppress it .
But do the recent suicide attack on the Bagram air base outside of Kabul , a key United States military installation in Afghanistan , and the failed car bombing in New York City 's Times Square mean that the `` war on terror '' -LRB- a phrase that the Obama administration has deliberately sought to avoid -RRB- has reignited ?
Analyzing the failed Times Square bombing , Ambassador Zafar Hilaly , a well-respected former Pakistani diplomat , wrote `` that nowhere else today have so many armed foreign outlaws been able to use the territory of a sovereign state to wage war for so long , and with such impunity , against other countries .
The failed Times Square attack demonstrates the TTP 's growing transnational ambitions -LRB- but also that the group 's reach exceeds its grasp , at least for now -RRB- .
Nevertheless , the effort to preempt American strategy clearly failed , as new UN sanctions were implemented earlier this month .
And if my own country , France , has failed to set a good example to developing countries by equivocating over the terms of a carbon tax , then perhaps the time has come for its national carbon footprint to be linked with the European trading system for CO2 .
But this effort at intimidation failed , and Gul won .
During World War I , on the other hand , Japan was blinded by its eagerness to protect small but immediate benefits , and failed to appreciate what a true `` matter of national importance '' was .
The US failed to unleash some new form of Cold War after the South Ossetian episode , not least because of the global financial and economic crisis .
Attempts to have Europe speak with one voice obviously failed .
This has not been properly understood in the West , which has been fighting the symptoms of terrorism , but has failed to attack its underlying causes .
Are the IMF and the World Bank actually willing to reconsider their failed policies ?
An Old Problem on China 's New Frontier WARSAW -- Had the August 1991 putsch against Mikhail Gorbachev not failed , the riots and death recently seen in Xinjiang could have been taking place in Russia .
At a time when the Islamic Republic has failed in its economic and political promises to the Iranian people , the regime 's most glaring weakness may prove to be the absence of a credible religious authority that can justify its shortcomings .
Both failed , because Iran 's presidents do not run the country .
Indeed , some analysts argue that former President Bill Clinton 's efforts to achieve a breakthrough with Iran failed because they were addressed to Iran 's presidents .
But the Islamic Republic 's history is littered with its presidents ' failed attempts to consolidate an independent power center .
Ahmadinejad and his faction face a two-edged problem : Khamenei has boxed them in politically , while rampant economic corruption and failed efforts at reform have disillusioned many of the president 's supporters .
Unfortunately , most of the political parties have failed to stand up for the democratic process .
But , more importantly , no military dictator can succeed where Musharraf has so clearly failed .
In the wake of the latest crisis , Georgia seems poised to join the rogue gallery of the world 's failed states , places where the only law is chaos .
For within Russia , President Putin does appear to be an isolated island , at least among the Russian elite who have singularly failed to embrace his decision to anchor Russia firmly to the West .
Better to stick to a tried and failed policy than to upset the apple cart , even if the apples were rotten .
Where Putin has failed is in fostering democratic governance .
So , when Yeltsin 's American-style democratization of the 1990 's failed to bring `` orderly '' capitalism instantly , Putin on his accession imposed a restoration of state `` order , '' as if a stable political or economic system demanded a fusing of the Soviet past with the Orthodox Church and Mother Russia imagery .
Bush and Putin both came to power in 2000 , a year when their countries were scrambling to regain international respect , Russia from the chaos of the Yeltsin years and the US from the failed impeachment of President Clinton .
By June 1991 , after quashing a series of challenges to his leadership , he became the first elected president of Russia ; two months later , real power fell into his hands , after the failed putsch against Gorbachev of August 1991 by conservatives seeking to prevent the Soviet Union 's disintegration .
Indeed , Berezovsky intended to continue ruling the country from behind the scenes , first as Yeltsin 's health failed in the final months of his presidency , and then by controlling the successor he had helped to choose .
Will Medvedev succeed where all others have failed ?
Since Putin did not formally take sides over what would happen to Luzhkov , had Medvedev 's campaign against Moscow 's former mayor failed , the president would have found himself without a job in 2012 .
What is new , in Russia at least , is the emergence of organized resistance to this failed paradigm .
As a result , the CD has failed to make any substantive progress for 15 years .
Instead of signaling a new way forward for international drug policy , the Vienna declaration represents the same , failed politics of the past .
Addressing drug use through criminalization and rehabilitation centers does nothing to curb demand , however , and usage rates have failed to decline .
China appears to have seen the standoff over the Senkaku Islands as a test of wills -- a test Kan 's government failed abysmally .
And , while the people of Japan were grateful for Taiwan 's unexpected generosity , the Japanese government failed to offer any thanks , despite running advertisements in major newspapers expressing gratitude for the relief sent from other countries .
But in 1993 , having failed to gain control of the party , he bolted , along with 45 other Diet members to create the Shinsei Party , supposedly to press for electoral reform .
Such a unified voice is needed , for six years of war and the biggest military operation in NATO 's history have failed to subdue the Afghan insurgency , leaving President Hamid Karzai 's increasingly corrupt government dependent on the continued presence of international forces .
Public support for Europe 's engagement has been plummeting , and most EU governments have failed to act on NATO 's request to boost troop levels . One exception is the United Kingdom , which has recently pledged to increase its troop numbers in the restive poppy-growing province of Helmand .
If American policy has failed to deal with this growing problem , European policy has focused on technical assistance , with the European Union providing ¤ 125 million in aid between 2002 and 2006 .
Likewise , France 's economic growth is waning not because France has failed to undertake necessary structural reforms , but because European interest rates are too high .
Just because European governments have failed to put bread on their constituents ' tables does n't mean that the European Central Bank should likewise fail in its job of promoting price stability in the euro zone .
Blame-game politicians like Berlusconi , who have failed to put bread on the table , their minions in the media , and Keynesian economic professors who do n't understand and misrepresent Keynes sustain this distorted view .
In a recent speech to the French defense industry , Sarkozy conspicuously failed to repeat the pledge , instead warning that he soon might cut France 's defense budget .
China Development Bank also made an investment in Barclays to bolster its bid for ABN AMRO which , though it failed , helped the Dutch bank get the full value for its assets .
Indeed , there is little goodwill towards Kosovo 's government in the Serb-dominated North -LRB- Ibarski Kola¨in -RRB- , partly because it failed to prevent the area from being overrun with criminal gangs .
As markets failed , calls for ethical regulation of the quest for profit has become justified not only in principle , but also in fact .
With diplomacy having failed to curb Iran 's nuclear ambitions , critics of engagement charge , it is time to resort to coercion before Iran crosses the nuclear Rubicon .
The late Haider Abdel Shafi repeatedly stated one of the major problems in the Oslo Accords , namely that it did n't secure the halt of settlement expansion in the interim period or if the final status talks failed .
While the 1987 Intifada brought about the Oslo process and the return of the PLO leadership , it failed to produce a real economy in Gaza .
This conception of deterrence failed in Lebanon in 2006 , with Israel forced to accept a UN-sponsored cease-fire agreement , and it is no more likely to succeed in Gaza .
Palestinians were so locked in their opposition to Zionism that they were unable to appreciate the Jews ' existential needs , just as they failed to appreciate the effects of indiscriminate acts of violence against Israeli civilians .
Consumed with legitimate anger , Palestinians and Arabs failed to come up with a serious approach to reach out to Israelis and failed to devise a workable political strategy that would address Palestinian daily needs and national aspirations .
With each approach , Palestinian leaders , believing Arab states ' hollow proclamations of solidarity with their cause , have failed to measure accurately their own powers vis-à-vis the Israelis .
The last failed promise by President George W. Bush came at Annapolis in late 2007 , when he vowed that an independent , viable , and contiguous Palestinian state would be created before the end of his term .
Baker 's efforts eventually led to the Madrid peace conference in 1991 , but that , too , failed to resolve the conflict .
When Palestinians asked Mitchell for assurances that the US would support such a statehood declaration if talks failed , Mitchell responded that such a commitment would make negotiations pointless .
The public Madrid talks failed to bring about any breakthroughs , whereas the much more secretive Oslo channel brought about the PLO-Israel agreement .
Clinton , who was embroiled in domestic problems , badly needed an international success , and assured Arafat that fingers would not be pointed at either party if the talks failed .
Jordan , a US ally and one of the two Arab countries with a peace agreement with Israel , previously failed to secure the release of its 30 prisoners . They are now likely to be the first ones set free .
Not only corrupt , but a notorious traitor to consecutive masters , Talleyrand was said to have failed to sell his own mother only because there were no takers .
Successive stimulus packages failed , leaving behind a massive build-up of public debt .
Not only has Hu 's administration failed to protect the rights of the poor and the oppressed , but police and government-hired thugs now frequently harass lawyers and other activists who lobby on behalf of the country 's dispossessed .
It failed also in Crimea when Russia sought to deploy its old strategy of divide and rule there in 1991 .
But America failed to develop a coherent public rationale for its planned deployment of a system designed to destroy a missile fired by a rogue regime .
US officials assumed that it was sufficient to have the consent of the governments and failed to recognize the degree to which these countries have become increasingly `` Europeanized '' in the last decade .
In an already fragile region , a major Arab country like Iraq would most likely prompt interventions by its nervous neighbors - of which there is no shortage - if it turns into a failed state .
Though the EU has failed to change Russia during the Putin era , Russia has had a big impact on the EU .
Appeals in the Russian courts failed , and he filed a case with the ECHR in March 2006 .
What communism failed to provide -- modern management , new technologies , and marketing know-how -- was what multinationals could offer .
Although the Party uses various means to suppress their development , the Sichuan earthquake demonstrated that it has failed to eliminate NGOs as a social force .
The draft constitution that recently failed to gain acceptance in the first round of negotiations not only promises to respect cultural heritage ; it obliges the Union actively to protect , maintain , and develop the wealth of Europe 's cultural and linguistic diversity .
But history also tells us that while governments in almost all developing countries have attempted to play that facilitating role at some point , most have failed .
At the same time , these governments practice a diplomacy inspired by one idea : America 's post-Iraq hegemony is fragile , thus making profitable a policy of confrontation aimed at weakening the enemy . This explains the bizarre de facto alliance between Venezuela , Iran and Belarus , and Venezuela 's failed candidacy for a seat on the United Nations Security Council .
Making ever-stronger promises on top of ever more failed promises is hardly the right way forward .
This matters , because in little more than a year , the world will sit down in Copenhagen to negotiate the follow-on treaty to the failed Kyoto Protocol .
Decades of talks have failed to make any impact on carbon emissions .
We are on track to being the generation that wasted decades bickering over carbon-emission cuts and failed to stop the harmful effects of warming .
Rehema was divorced by her husband and disowned by her family after she failed to produce children .
The authors note that 18 years of the `` Kyoto Protocol approach '' to international climate policy have failed to produce any discernable real-world reductions in emissions of greenhouse gases .
The assets either would have to be priced at far above their market value , with taxpayers thereby subsidizing the previous , failed owners , or the private bank would not have been helped at all .
Second , Europe has failed to introduce an independent European Research Council to ensure that funding is allocated on the basis of scientific merit .
Nor do we need cosmetic efforts to pursue EU-wide policies to combat the current crisis , when it is obvious that we have failed to act together .
But , given that some of the biggest challenges are the result of failed policies , pragmatism may offer a constructive way forward .
This is one reason why Mubarak 's call to hold a multi-candidate presidential election failed to galvanize Egypt 's electorate .
The solemn Communist Manifesto announced the specter of the Great Utopia haunting Europe , but failed to warn us of the bloody tyranny .
Governments and international aid organizations have failed to take into consideration the role of Farhang , perhaps because the power of unwritten law remains largely inconceivable in the West .
All of us knew that a failed interrogation could mean being dropped from the course .
Conversely , should the DPJ gain a simple majority , its inexperienced government will immediately have to cope with the same intractable policy issues that the LDP failed to confront .
Even if Kan had failed to win the upper-house election , the mandarins would have faced a weakened DPJ .
It will invariably recycle retired and failed politicians and be a way station for vast patronage .
Another lesson concerns Africa 's failed political leadership .
After 50 years , many elements of the original vision have been achieved , some have failed , and there have been more than a few surprises .
Neither democracy nor markets are seen by most Russians as absolute values , because they have failed to deliver either prosperity or security .
This system , which allows organs to be harvested also from refusers who have failed to express their refusal , has not increased trust in medicine , either .
Diplomats and policy analysts are generally agreed that key elements of the failed constitution will be rescued from the wreckage and turned into something along the lines of the `` mini-treaty '' that Nicolas Sarkozy , the front-runner in the French presidential race , proposed last autumn at a Friends of Europe meeting in Brussels .
Unfortunately , however , government leaders have apparently learned nothing from the lessons of the failed Lisbon Agenda . Indeed , the current plans seem doomed to fail for two reasons .
Yes , African has some failed states , but most of its 53 countries are mostly peaceful , agreeable places .
Poland 's revolution brought civil rights along with increased criminality , a market economy along with failed enterprises and high unemployment , and the formation of a dynamic middle class along with increased income inequality .
Regulation then must ensure that bankers do n't abuse their charter by taking excessive risks with their depositors ' money -- which is precisely where regulators failed most notably in recent years , opening the way to the financial crisis .
The regulators who banned DDT also failed to take into consideration the inadequacy of alternatives .
Bill Gates 's experts seem not to know that ; the foundation 's annual letter contains the following single mention of DDT : `` The world hoped in the 1950s and 1960s that -LRB- malaria -RRB- could be eliminated by killing mosquitoes with DDT , but that tactic failed when the mosquitoes evolved to be resistant to the chemical . ''
They staked their claim on the tribal , sectarian , and multiethnic nature of Iraq , which , in the absence of dictatorship , would supposedly incite Iraq 's collapse into a `` failed state , '' with rampant warlordism , ethnic and religious feuds , and harboring of terrorist organizations .
Bad as it sounds , this prospect appears to be a `` realistic '' compromise between the supposedly utopian vision of a flourishing , unified democracy and the wretchedness of a failed state .
But Royal has so far failed to rally her camp behind her .
So far , Royal has failed to play that role .
Historically , aborted moves and faux pas abound on both sides in the French\/NATO relationship , the latest being Jacques Chirac 's failed attempt to patch up France 's relations with NATO upon his arrival in power in 1995 .
Moreover , if Sarkozy has eroded , perhaps fatally , the `` sacred '' symbolic nature of the presidency , his governance has failed to provide any compensating reassurance .
`` We have failed to transform economic aid into political influence , '' they lament .
The EU has lately failed -- far more than NATO has -- not only to win hearts , but also to convince Europeans that in a global world , it is part of the solution , not part of the problem .
Despite his failed bid to orchestrate a ceasefire between Israel and Hamas , was he not right to try ?
Beyond its impact on the Middle East , Sarkozy 's failed but brave attempt to act as a go-between constitutes an interesting window into the foreign-policy methods and ambitions of today 's France .
Israel is closer to Nicosia than to Berlin , not only in geographic but also in political terms , because successive Israeli and Palestinian leaders have likewise failed to demonstrate qualities of vision and imagination .
At the moment , the majority view in most countries is that the financial system failed badly , but that the incentives and dynamics of the broader market-based system in a relatively open global architecture remain the best avenues for wealth creation , poverty reduction , and the expansion of opportunity .
The revolution in Tunisia was just a matter of time -- a popular uprising to end a system that failed to deliver the free society for which the Tunisian public has long been ready .
Finally , one would hope that the concept of belonging to the same Mediterranean family could bring about new solutions to old conflicts -- for example , offering Palestinians and Israelis alike the healing that both peoples desire , but which the dying old Arab order failed to achieve .
He also drew on the philosophy of `` personalism , '' which was highly fashionable in the 1930 's , as it sought a middle way between individualist liberalism and communitarian socialism , and insisted that `` persons '' always had a spiritual dimension that materialistic liberalism supposedly failed to acknowledge .
Regrettably , the UN failed to follow up with institutional action .
Today , Europe needs improved capacity to combat terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , deal with failed or failing states , contend with regional conflicts , and respond to humanitarian crises .
Until Tony Blair and Robin Cook became , respectively , Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary of the United Kingdom in 1997 , four years after the ICTY was established , NATO troops in Bosnia failed to arrest indicted suspects even when they ran into them .
By contrast , the world 's rising powers -- Brazil , China , India , and Russia -- insist not only on the primacy of their national interests , but , as the failed climate negotiations in Copenhagen last December demonstrated , on sovereign freedom of action as well .
STOCKHOLM -- State-sponsored multiculturalism has failed . That proclamation by British Prime Minister David Cameron , following hard on the heels of similar renunciations of multiculturalism by German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy , suggests that a page is being turned in European society .
It is not just official multiculturalism that has failed in Europe , however ; so has the multiculturalism endorsed by large parts of European civil society .
Yet it failed the test of statesmanship once again by sitting on its hands and merely calling for restraint .
After China 's government became aware that independent grassroots movements could convince ordinary Chinese where government propaganda had failed , it lifted its initial ban on reporting on Tibet .
The leaders of the two parties -- Boris Nemtsov and Grigory Yavlinsky , respectively , failed at the campaign 's start to find common ground .
By splitting the `` reform '' vote , both parties failed to win any seats in the Duma because neither surpassed the 5 % electoral threshold .
Its troubles have not riveted world attention in recent years , probably because Burundi 's rebels failed to plumb the depths of savagery seen in Rwanda and Congo .
For the first time , the army failed to crush the rebellion .
What the Kibaki government failed to mention was that it would change this draft at the last minute .
In Rwanda and Kosovo , the Security Council failed to act in time to save thousands of lives .
Some failed states are so chaotically organized that they can not be deterred from providing a haven for terrorists .
When discipline failed to solve the problem , he launched perestroika -LRB- `` restructuring '' -RRB- .
But success depends upon China , and South Korea and China failed to participate in recent PSI exercises .
Bush has allowed his representative to the six-party talks to meet separately with the North Koreans within the six-party framework , but he failed to provide adequate incentives .
But the Bush administration failed to control rioting , disbanded the Iraqi army , and allowed the security situation to deteriorate .
Is there any reason to believe that an additional five brigades will succeed in stabilizing Baghdad now when similar efforts have failed in the past ?
A reasonable consensus in American public opinion supports ensuring both these and the `` classic '' global public goods , even if the US has failed to lead on some issues , notably global climate .
Financial and scientific help from rich countries is important not only for humanitarian reasons , but also to prevent failed states from becoming sources of disorder for the rest of the world .
Now it hints that it may resume enrichment , and recent press reports about the imports from Pakistan suggest Iran failed to disclose everything to the IAEA .
The Climate of Security CAMBRIDGE -- While George W. Bush has begun to acknowledge the risks of global climate change , his administration failed to lead on the issue for eight years .
In addition , climate change will put stress on weak governments in poor countries and may lead to an increase in the number of failed states and become an indirect source of international conflict .
But he failed to produce a sustainable picture of America 's leadership role in the world .
Third , the US-Japan alliance will have to face a new set of transnational challenges to our vital interests , such as pandemics , terrorism , and human outflows from failed states .
Indeed , at the beginning of the twentieth century , such efforts failed and Korea became a colony of Japan .
Not only have the wounds of the 1930 's failed to heal , but China and Japan have conflicting visions of Japan 's proper place in Asia and the world .
China does not want a nuclear or belligerent North Korea , but it is even more concerned about a failed state collapsing on its border .
Opinion polls currently show the `` Yes '' side leading by two to one -LRB- 35 % to 18 % -RRB- . But there is little comfort in these figures for pro-Europeans : polls prior to the failed referendum on the Nice treaty in 2001 demonstrated an even larger `` Yes '' majority at the same stage .
In 2001 the ` Yes ' side lost because it failed to convince enough voters to turn out -- almost two thirds of the electorate failed to vote .
A good part of the explanation for this turnaround was the fact that the government managed to convince enough voters to move from abstention to the ` Yes ' camp -LRB- though the turnout still failed to reach 50 % -RRB- . All of this suggests that the higher the turnout the greater the likelihood of a ` Yes ' win .
The PDP , which had been in power since 1999 and had failed to tackle the country 's pressing economic and political problems , was not a favorite at the polls .
The parliamentary polls , originally scheduled for April 2 but postponed a week after the Independent National Electoral Commission -LRB- INEC -RRB- failed to print adequate ballot papers and other election materials , took place in an atmosphere of fear , violence , and uncertainty .
Central Europe 's Unsentimental Education BUDAPEST -- This month marks the 20th anniversary of the reburial of Imre Nagy , the leader of Hungary 's failed anti-Soviet revolution of 1956 .
Although Chinese investors have since made numerous lower-visibility plays in US markets , the failed Unocal deal left a legacy of bitterness .
Huawei 's recent failed bids for 2Wire and Motorola will only have rekindled this bitterness .
But the initiative also failed to gain momentum among political leaders .
Between 1980 and 2000 , manufacturing employment continued to grow in expansions , but each time it failed to recover the previous peak .
As a result , central banks failed to see the oncoming financial tsunami , and even after it arrived they continued to fight the last war against inflation .
And while the new Five-Year Plan sets fine goals , many provinces have failed even to meet the major environment protection targets of the last Five-Year Plan .
Making matters worse , while we discarded the finer elements of our traditional culture , we failed to absorb the better aspects of modern civilization .
If the new left does not manage to answer these questions satisfactorily , it will be seen as having failed .
Second , he and his administration were so busy trying to build consensus that they watered down some of the vital ingredients of the stimulus package , and failed to defend it robustly from Republican attack .
Who will add strength and moral authority to the task of rebuilding the failed and failing states that incubate so many of our problems , from terrorism to illicit drugs ?
We should also understand that the climate has changed in regard to the `` non-process '' that has failed so lamentably to deliver Middle East peace .
Yet he clearly failed to comprehend that this was not just about approval ratings .
Within the OECD , the main financial center for smaller resource-extraction companies is Toronto , yet the Canadian parliament recently failed narrowly to pass an equivalent requirement for these companies .
In a number of cases the program failed to deliver what it promised .
Mullah Aukhundzada became so angry and humiliated when the promised goodies failed to materialize , that he ordered all the former poppy producing areas , as well as surrounding areas , to double poppy production the following year .
Those that failed were relatively small , like IKB , Bear Sterns , and so on .
Ordinary people do not hide their contempt for the regime , but they also see that last year 's mass protests have failed .
But the EU has so far failed to prepare the Western Balkans for accession , in line with its leaders ' promise at their Thessaloniki summit in 2003 to admit the Western Balkan states when they meet the Union 's standards .
In 1970 , steel box-girder bridges in Milford Haven , Wales , and in Melbourne , Australia , failed spontaneously while under construction .
In many cases , economic reconstruction has failed partly because donors required that their own nationals or companies be used .
Regular presidential elections in Mexico failed to disguise the fact that the same party ruled the country for over seven decades until earlier this year .
The raging violence in southern Thailand over the past 15 months has made him look bad , as his myriad strategies and tactics have failed repeatedly .
It would be odd to uphold the Council 's authority by means that failed to get its approval .
It generates only about 5 % of that failed Soviet reactor 's power .
And , while Israel 's Arrow ballistic missile defenses , which now surround Dimona , may be superior to the Patriot system that failed in 1991 , Syria 's more advanced Scuds and Iran 's Shahab 3 rocket present a more capable challenge than Saddam 's projectiles .
Twice , Iraq bucked safeguards -- first when it built the Osirak reactor and failed to provide inspectors full transparency and convincing assurance it would not use the plant to produce plutonium for weapons , and , second , when it nearly completed its secret enrichment program prior to the 1991 Persian Gulf War .
North Korea proved more successful , becoming the eighth country to detonate a nuclear weapon . At least two other NPT parties -- Libya and Syria -- engaged in significant nuclear subterfuge but failed .
The US humanitarian mission to that benighted country sought to salvage a failed United Nations enterprise to secure and feed Somalia 's ravaged population .
While Lebanon and Somalia remain damaged and failed states , respectively , regional and domestic factors have cauterized the consequences of America 's retreat from Vietnam and Southeast Asia .
What Johnson failed to foresee were the domestic and regional constraints that would prevent the dominos from falling in the way he predicted .
But America 's inability after the Great War to overcome Old World politics at Versailles and isolationism at home marked a failed opportunity to promote a positive watershed .
Chávez is a master at manipulating the media : after the failed coup against him in 2002 , he brandished a crucifix to pardon his adversaries and be pardoned by them .
The way ahead leads through science , not ideology , dogma , or failed theories .
That disguised coup failed -- barely -- and there is no guarantee that the result will be similar this time around in Mexico .
From Wall Street to AIG to Detroit , the US was quick to rescue corporate giants that would have failed otherwise .
The Enlightenment , after all , was born in France . There is the French Revolution , the Napoleonic epic , the Battle of the Marne -- won in 1914 thanks to spontaneous initiative when the government and the state failed -- and the great revival of 1945-1950 .
Imagine that the world 's trade ministers simply walk away from their forthcoming Hong Kong meeting of the World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- with this simple declaration : `` We failed to reach an agreement ; we 'll try to do better next time . ''
The latest round of talks in Geneva has once again failed to produce an agreement . Judging by what the financial press and some economists say , the stakes could not be higher .
Perhaps worse still , the profession has failed to provide helpful guidance in steering the world economy out of its current mess .
Unfortunately , US and European politicians have failed to show similar imagination when it comes to fiscal policy . By implementing new mechanisms to render the future path of fiscal balances and public debt more predictable , they could have averted the worst of the crisis .
Indeed , regulatory agencies like the US Securities and Exchange Commission -LRB- SEC -RRB- arose because common-law fiduciary duties failed to protect distant owners .
In the United States , AIG , Bear Stearns , and Lehman Brothers -- all with large derivatives and\/or repo investments -- failed , freezing up credit markets for a scary few weeks .
Old hands know that global trade deals often rise out of the ashes of failed talks .
Outside Africa , the people who will suffer the most are those in countries like Brazil , India , China , and Mexico , whose leaders rightly took on rich-country farm subsidies , but wrongly failed to recognize the profound costs of the developing world 's own import restrictions .
When Americans finally decide to go on an import diet , as they will someday , the world 's hypocrisy over the failed global trade talks will become apparent to all .
It is not just politicians who have failed to provide leadership here .
Will newly anointed World Bank President Robert Zoellick be able to get the organization back on its feet after the catastrophic failed presidency of Paul Wolfowitz ?
The plan 's central conceit is that government ingenuity can disentangle the trillion-dollar `` sub-prime '' mortgage loan market , even though Wall Street 's own rocket scientists have utterly failed to do so .
Just a short time ago , the IMF seemed relegated to a sustained period of irrelevance as it failed to modernize either its euro-centric political representation or its arcane government-to-government lending facilities .
Financial history is littered with untested safety-net devices that failed in a crisis .
The problem is not just in emerging markets such as Indonesia , Mexico , and Brazil , where an ascendant left has failed to find a viable alternative to the much reviled `` Washington Consensus '' of economic liberalization .
Despite a huge investment of time and energy , he has failed to marshal even his own troops in support of a relatively modest proposal to stave off collapse of the nation 's old-age insurance program .
Many commentators have argued that fiscal stimulus has largely failed not because it was misguided , but because it was not large enough to fight a `` Great Recession . ''
Finally , investors might just believe that the eurozone leaders ' latest plan will work , even though the last dozen plans have failed .
But , because the official statistics capture mostly sales by larger retailers and exclude the fall in sales by hundreds of thousands of smaller stores and businesses that have failed , consumption looks better than it really is .
Indeed , rating-agency downgrades , a widening of sovereign spreads , and failed public-debt auctions in countries like the United Kingdom , Greece , Ireland , and Spain provided a stark reminder last year that unless advanced economies begin to put their fiscal houses in order , investors , bond-market vigilantes , and rating agencies may turn from friend to foe .
Thus , repeated financial crises are also the result of a failed system of corporate governance .
But worsening financial conditions prove that this policy response has failed miserably .
Although Greece was bailed out a year ago , Plan A has now clearly failed .
But the laissez-faire Anglo-Saxon model has also now failed miserably .
There , democratically elected President Jean-Bertrand Aristide was thrown out under visible American pressure , but his departure failed to reinvigorate the economy or end civil strife .
Despite his campaign promises , Serbia 's President Boris Tadic has so far failed to cooperate with the ICTY by assisting in turning over Mladic -LRB- Karadzic is probably not in Serbia -RRB- , who would surely testify against Milosevic .
If this meant that the Tribunal was intended to deter further violence , then it failed , at least in the short run .
Most importantly , Arafat failed to resolve the conflict or give his people an alternative vision to one of extreme radicalism and endless fighting .
They failed to comprehend that Iraq has long been an occupied and externally manipulated country .
And , in rare cases , the vaccine itself has failed and led to infection .
Recent attempts to influence developments in these countries through threats and sanctions , and sometimes war , have failed .
The international agencies involved in post-conflict reconstruction have so far failed to understand how to start or restart economic development in a low-income setting .
Canada signed but has failed to act .
All of this illustrates what is wrong with the World Bank , even aside from Wolfowitz 's failed leadership .
Whenever the Bank 's extreme free-market ideology failed , it has blamed the poor for corruption , mismanagement , or lack of initiative .
Today , Bush has begun to acknowledge the serious risks of climate change , though his administration has still failed to put forward any realistic proposals to reduce the rate of human-induced climate change .
She also failed to acknowledge an exit poll carried out by a US foundation , which showed a clear Odinga victory .
But Bernanke was a Fed governor in the Greenspan years , and he , too , failed to diagnose correctly the growing problems with its policies .
To be sure , some of these deniers are simply scientifically ignorant , having been failed by the poor quality of science education in America .
This easy-money policy , backed by regulators who failed to regulate , created unprecedented housing and consumer credit bubbles in the US and other countries , notably those that shared America 's policy orientation .
Second , several highly leveraged institutions , such as Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers , have gone bankrupt , causing further losses of wealth -LRB- of these failed institutions ' shareholders and creditors -RRB- and a further loss of credit that these firms once supplied .
After the confused and misguided leadership of the Bush administration , which failed to give any clear path to energy , health , climate , and financial policies , President-elect Barack Obama will have to start charting a course that defines the American economy 's future direction .
The conflicts from Chad to Darfur , Sudan , to the Ogaden Desert in Ethiopia , to Somalia and its pirates , and across to Yemen , Iraq , Pakistan , and Afghanistan , lie in a great arc of arid lands where water scarcity is leading to failed crops , dying livestock , extreme poverty , and desperation .
As a result , the United States and Europe often spend tens or even hundreds of billions of dollars to send troops or bombers to quell uprisings or target `` failed states , '' but do not send one-tenth or even one-hundredth of that amount to address the underlying crises of water scarcity and under-development .
Peace Through Development New York -- American foreign policy has failed in recent years mainly because the United States relied on military force to address problems that demand development assistance and diplomacy .
The proposal not only failed , but also triggered a political backlash .
Yet , while it is clear that Obama would like to move forward on the issue , so far he has pursued a failed strategy of negotiating with senators and key industries to try to forge an agreement .
Yet the special interest groups have dominated the process , and Obama has failed to make any headway .
But , as the rich have successfully pressed for tax cuts and reductions in government spending , children from poor and working-class households are far less likely to receive a high-quality education , and the US government has failed to provide for training or adequate infrastructure .
As a result , Nasser increasingly aligned Egypt with the Soviet Union , and ultimately failed in the quest to unite Arab interests .
The immediate cause of this disaster is clear : the rains have failed for two years running in the dry regions of East Africa .
The US is far too focused on expensive and failed military approaches in the drylands -- whether in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Yemen , or Somalia -- to pay heed to long-term economic development strategies aimed at addressing the root causes of these countries ' ongoing crises .
I wrote The Price of Civilization out of the conviction that the US government has failed to understand and respond to the challenges of globalization ever since it began to impact America 's economy in the 1970 's .
Argentina is vulnerable to external shocks such as declining agricultural commodity prices because Argentina failed to develop a diversified export sector , one in which a broad range of industrial and service sectors are internationally competitive .
In other words , Argentina has failed to become a technology-based economy .
But as with many promises , America and other donor countries have so far failed to live up to their pledges .
And yet the financial analysts that discuss these trends in the media have failed to assess them realistically .
But no practical steps towards membership took place as Europe regularly - and rightly - pointed out that Turkey had failed to fulfill many conditions for membership , especially in regard to respect for human rights and the rule of law .
Argentina endured economic collapse and four failed presidencies during the past three years .
IMF officials deny responsibility for the upheaval , but have failed to provide an honest public appraisal of Bolivia 's urgent financial needs .
Even after a failed assassination attempt , the US again brushed off requests for aid .
It has so far failed to act .
It was US policy that failed .
Imperial Germany was not threatened by Russian industrial dominance in the way von Moltke feared , and its military calculations also failed .
In recent years , the short rains have failed entirely , and long rains have been erratic .
Monarchic and theocratic systems have both failed .
Nigeria is a paradigm of failed development .
Its story shows that , given strong national leadership , an internationally coordinated combination of military , humanitarian , technical , and financial assistance can help to turn around failed states , enabling them to rejoin the international financial and political communities and benefit fully from linkages to the global economy .
Indeed , as we face today 's security challenges - terrorism , proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , failed states - we can not afford not to .
Having awakened to the environmental threat , the next challenge for Hu is to begin translating some of China 's new awareness and boldness into its foreign policy -- exactly what the US has failed to do .
As late as this past May , the FDP defended the ownership rights of US billionaire Christopher Flowers , a major stockholder in the failed German bank Hypo Real Estate , which was saved from oblivion by state guarantees worth more than ¤ 100 billion of taxpayers ' money .
This party , now using the presumptuous name `` The Left , '' has gained a foothold in West Germany with its impossible promises of higher pensions , a minimum hourly wage of ¤ 10 , huge public investment schemes , and zero unemployment -- in short , exactly the kind of socialist paradise that failed in East Germany .
Even in the 1930 's , most banks failed as a result of bad management and illegal activity , as is true today .
Positive results will persuade only those who have learned well the lessons of the 1930 's -- and then failed to forget them .
Defenders of the Bush doctrine claim that this is impossible when they operate out of failed states that can not police their borders .
But , given that the Bush doctrine has compounded the failed-state problem , this is a bogus argument .
However many failed states there were in the world before America invaded Iraq , there is one more now .
Now Taiwan 's leaders point to Hong Kong as a failed model of a flawed concept .
Chen 's record suggests he will hang on to his failed presidency .
Now we know that Wall Street 's titans were never all that smart , and certainly not very ethical , for they failed the only test that counts .
During Putin 's first term , the Kremlin `` power structures '' -LRB- now dominated by former KGB cronies of Putin from Saint Petersburg -RRB- failed to gain control over the country 's key financial and economic institutions .
They lack a leader , have no agenda , and failed to seize power during Putin 's first term .
What will they do when they realize that it has failed to secure sustainable economic growth and political stability ?
The government then increased funding for basic research and created `` centers of excellence '' at universities , but it failed to dismantle the koza system , in which powerful senior professors often dominate research departments .
The image of a bank run , of long lines of angry people lining up outside a failed bank , was briefly on our minds after the Northern Rock failure in Britain .
NEW HAVEN -- Central bankers around the world failed to see the current financial crisis coming before its beginnings in 2007 .
And yet , although these central banks failed us before the crisis , they should still play the lead role in preventing the next crisis .
Bt cotton technology has failed to control pests or secure farmers lives and livelihoods .
Should President Thabo Mbeki step down as mediator in the Zimbabwe crisis , not because he has failed , but to remove from South Africa the constraints that being a mediator put in place ?
For a long time , rich countries have promised to reduce poverty , but have failed to match their words with adequate action .
For now , it looks very much as if , come 2015 , the world 's leaders will have failed to keep their -LRB- watered-down -RRB- promises . That means that they will be responsible for permitting the needless deaths , every year , of millions of people .
Nigeria and Angola are other glaring examples of countries that have failed to use their oil wealth for the benefit of their people .
Instead , what formed was a region of entities that have largely failed to cohere as nations .
A young population with no memory of the Islamic Revolution is desperate for the jobs that its leaders have failed to provide .
Had the ECB failed to finance these deficits , the GIPS would have had a hard time finding the money to pay for their net imports .
The draft EU constitution , which failed in the French and Dutch referenda last year , breathes the spirit of this approach .
But these two prominent , national membership organizations may succeed in dampening Islamic militancy where the government , afraid of waging the battle it must fight , has failed dismally .
Shaky Social Contracts LONDON -- `` Enrich yourselves , '' China 's Deng Xiaoping told his fellow countrymen when he started dismantling Mao Zedong 's failed socialist model .
Indeed , even beyond the political left , the Anglo-American model of capitalism is deemed to have failed .
Inflation in 1950-1973 and 1980-2007 was about the same -- just over 3 % -- while inflation targeting has failed to prevent a succession of asset bubbles that have brought recessions in their wake .
In rebuilding the shattered post-Thatcherite economy , we should be careful not to revive the failed policies of the past .
Many countries had `` failed '' states that could not provide even the minimum conditions of security and health .
But the evidence of 50 years of failed efforts is that it has n't a clue what to do about it .
Most participants failed to distinguish between history as a constraint and history as a determinant .
Coordinated fiscal expansion -LRB- $ 5 trillion -RRB- by the world 's leading governments arrested the downward slide , but failed to produce a healthy rebound .
But socialism , in its classical form , failed -- as it had to .
Until recently , the conventional view was that `` mature '' sovereigns always honored their debts , while only banana republics failed to do so .
It is impossible not to hear in such nonsense the cocksure drumbeat of the Money Power , which has never failed to identify the public interest with its own .
Indeed , the human-rights experiment that Tony Blair 's Labor government brought to Britain has failed .
In mid-November , EU foreign ministers failed to agree on a common approach to Russian energy -- just as reports resurfaced that Russia may seek to establish a natural gas cartel similar to OPEC .
Even with so many failed efforts in the past , there is a clear window of opportunity for the United States and Israel to urgently push for a lasting settlement .
Even Margaret Thatcher failed to touch the National Health Service .
The reason is essentially the same throughout Europe : slow economic growth implies few prospects for a better life , while the welfare state has failed to create jobs .
Given a slow economy , a failed welfare state , and uncontrolled immigration -- challenges for which no mainstream parties on the right or the left have any coherent proposals -- the appeal of the far right 's soft populism will continue to haunt France and Europe .
Despite this huge concentration of powers in the presidency , or perhaps because of it , the Fifth Republic has failed to perform better than more democratic Western regimes .
Many grandiose Gaullist economic projects -- from the Concorde supersonic airplane to a national computer industry -- failed .
That the traditional left is so inert in the midst of today 's economic crisis is more than strange . Instead of thriving on renewed doubts about capitalism , Europe 's Socialist parties have failed to make any serious political inroads .
Even Sweden 's out-of-power Socialists , the country 's dominant party for a century , have failed to capitalize on the crisis .
European socialists have failed to address the crisis cogently because of their internal divisions .
The fact that this package failed to bring relief indicates that something is fundamentally wrong with the international financial system .
My proposal would achieve what the recently announced package failed to achieve , and at no higher a price .
Having failed to provide effective assistance , the West is no position to exert much political influence .
Bush is right to assert that repressive regimes can no longer hide behind a cloak of sovereignty : what goes on inside tyrannies and failed states is of vital interest to the rest of the world .
Likewise , the EU has failed to give adequate support to Georgia , or to impose appropriate sanctions on Uzbekistan for last year 's massacre at Andijon .
Popper failed to recognize that in democratic politics , gathering public support takes precedence over the pursuit of truth .
Others -- including me -- failed to anticipate the extent of the rebound .
The failed rescue of Lehman Brothers was a game-changing event : financial markets actually ceased to function .
They established the principle that their new fiscal agency , the European Financial Stability Fund -LRB- EFSF -RRB- , should be responsible for solvency problems , but they failed to increase the EFSF 's size . This stopped short of establishing a credible fiscal authority for the eurozone .
Elites , after all , failed to see the crisis coming and to take steps to prevent it , and some of them appear to be the only ones who are recovering : profits are up , but employment is not .
Certainly , the vast majority of economists , investment analysts , financial firms , and regulators failed to see the growing risk . In fact , it had deep roots .
Britain failed in America and the French crown failed in France because the governed ceased to recognize their authority .
Pundits agree this is merely the latest in a string of IMF-led bailouts that squandered billions of dollars and failed to save the economies they were meant to help .
For a while this created a seemingly more stable banking system , but that system failed to lend to small and medium sized firms .
The benefits of tax-cut-fueled growth would trickle down to all -- policies that have become fashionable in Europe and elsewhere , but that have failed .
Meanwhile , the financial sector failed to create products that would help ordinary people manage the risks they faced , including the risks of home ownership .
The worry is that , at least in some cases , the IMF will go back to its old failed recipes : fiscal and monetary contraction , which would only increase global inequities .
This is especially so because America has exported not just its recession , but its failed deregulatory philosophy and toxic mortgages , so financial institutions in Europe and elsewhere are also confronting many of the same problems .
Sometimes , the government must provide additional funds ; sometimes it looks for a new investor to take over the failed bank .
· Regulators , who are supposed to understand all of this and prevent actions that spur systemic risk , failed .
A series of half-offers and vague promises , intended to calm the market , failed .
Increased resolution authority will help , but only a little : in the last crisis , US government `` blinked , '' failed to use the powers that it had , and needlessly bailed out shareholders and bondholders -- all because it feared that doing otherwise would lead to economic trauma .
What is news is the Obama administration 's reluctant and belated recognition that its efforts to get the housing and mortgage markets working again have largely failed .
In short , government policies to support the housing market not only have failed to fix the problem , but are prolonging the deleveraging process and creating the conditions for Japanese-style malaise .
The big bailout strategies , associated with the Clinton-era IMF of Michel Camdessus , Stanley Fischer , Larry Summers , and Robert Rubin , failed abysmally .
But the Fed , captured for more than two decades by market fundamentalists and Wall Street interests , not only failed to impose restraints , but acted as cheerleaders .
The standard models failed to predict the crisis , but bad ideas die a slow death .
So , while bringing down short-term T-bill rates to near zero has failed , the hope is that bringing down longer-term interest rates will spur the economy .
Regrettably , it is far from clear that it has changed its thinking and models , which failed to maintain the economy on an even keel before -- and are certain to fail again .
Both in assisting shifts in employment and in maintaining full employment , the Bush Administration has failed .
This medicine failed in East Asia , Latin America , and elsewhere , and it will fail in Europe this time around , too . Indeed , it has already failed in Ireland , Latvia , and Greece .
The European Central Bank 's vehement opposition to what is essential to all capitalist economies -- the restructuring of failed or insolvent entities ' debt -- is evidence of the continuing fragility of the Western banking system .
And social protest has found fertile ground everywhere : a sense that the `` system '' has failed , and the conviction that even in a democracy , the electoral process will not set things right -- at least not without strong pressure from the street .
The Bush administration and the new team at the IMF -LRB- when it arrives -RRB- have an opportunity to move away from the failed strategies for development , transition , and crises of the past .
Cheerleaders of the private sector , however , failed to reckon with the ability of company bosses to indulge in corrupt practices on an almost unfathomable scale , something American corporate capitalism has demonstrated amply of late .
It failed to take advantage of opportunities afforded by more open trade with an emerging market that has a sophisticated and highly qualified public service .
Instead , the Bush administration pushed ahead with tax cuts for the rich , tax cuts that were not designed to stimulate the economy and that , no surprise , have failed to stimulate the economy .
The great paradox is that their view of economics was so stilted , so ideologically driven , that they failed even in their narrower objective of bringing about economic growth .
The worse that can be said is that the Euro has failed its first test .
The failed WTO meeting in Cancun of two weeks ago should serve as a warning : something is fundamentally wrong with how the global trading system is managed .
`` Shock therapy '' is a strategy that has repeatedly failed .
Indeed , they failed to redress the imbalances of earlier rounds of trade talks that had made the poorest regions of the world worse off .
Today , there is a broad consensus that shock therapy , at least at the level of microeconomic reforms , failed , and that countries -LRB- Hungary , Poland , and Slovenia -RRB- that took the gradualist approach to privatization and the reconstruction of institutional infrastructure managed their transitions far better than those that tried to leapfrog into a laissez-faire economy .
Yet this very heterogeneous group was able to crystallize the emerging global consensus that globalization , despite its positive potential , has not only failed to live up to that potential , but has actually contributed to social distress .
Its conservative philosophy has consistently failed to produce economic growth , and the benefits of what growth has occurred have disproportionately gone to the wealthy .
Many in the audience were shocked by his remarks , but Cheney seemingly failed to grasp how appalled his audience was .
By maintaining their rainforests , tropical countries provide an invaluable global service , one for which they have so far failed to be compensated .
The Fed failed to avert the economic downturn of 1990 , and a reading of Greenspan 's testimony to Congress during that period makes clear that the basic nature of the economy 's problems was not well understood .
It is accordingly not surprising that in the area of health , the patent system , with all of its distortions , has failed in so many ways .
One principal policy failure in the run-up to the crisis was a lack of imagination : we failed to appreciate just how intricate the global economic and financial web had become .
According to a recent report by the United Nations , The Employment Imperative : Report on the World Social Situation , national policies aimed at counteracting these trends and lowering unemployment have largely failed .
The international community has , so far , failed to develop effective and equitable arrangements for restructuring sovereign debt , despite the clearly dysfunctional and problematic consequences of past international public-debt crises .
The government has failed to take any meaningful action , and the problem is getting worse .
But its strategy of dividing the trade unions failed and some of the proposed legislation was eventually withdrawn .
Have the expected benefits of the new currency failed to materialize ?
In the process , he transformed a country that was in the grip of drug barons and on the verge of becoming a failed state .
The hostage rescue mission has also forced Chávez , still recovering from his failed power-grab referendum of last year -LRB- a moment when Chávez 's own army high command allegedly refused his demand to fudge the result -RRB- onto the defensive .
Stabilizing the Horn STRASBOURG -- After almost two decades as a failed state torn by civil war , perhaps the world should begin to admit that Somalia -- as it is currently constructed -- is beyond repair .
To its credit -- albeit under pressure from donor countries -- the Bengali authorities seem to sense that their country is drifting toward becoming a failed state and are making greater efforts to arrest Islamist killers , despite some of them being part of the ruling coalition .
In particular the EU must resist calls for higher tariffs from southern European textile manufacturers , as these businesses have failed to restructure , despite ample warnings over the last decade to do so .
Moreover , fuses lit in the colonial era could re-ignite , as they have done , to everyone 's surprise , between Ethiopia and Eritrea , where war broke out over a colonial border that Italy 's occupiers had failed to define with precision .
This year , India 's hockey players failed even to qualify for the Games .
Why have the large European economies failed to catch up with US income levels ?
When this concession failed , Mubarak and the ruling NDP began to work behind the scenes , encouraging their followers to attack protesters and provoke violence .
The attempt to run a common monetary policy without a common treasury has failed .
Back then , the US saw Colombia as hosting two increasingly interwoven threats , which , without a successful military response , heralded the grim prospect of Colombia becoming a failed state .
As a result , the failed three-year dialogue between the government of Andrés Pastrana , Uribe 's predecessor , and FARC was buried in February 2002 , with the conflict definitively internationalized through massive and indirect US intervention .
On the contrary , both the US and the Uribe government regard what has happened in Colombia as `` model '' to be emulated across the Andes in order to prevent other countries in the region from becoming failed states .
The US continues to pressure Peru 's government to shoot down planes supposedly linked to drug trafficking , and is trying to convince Evo Morales 's new government in Bolivia to continue a failed `` war on drugs . ''
But can Bolivia move away from becoming a quasi-failed state ?
In contrast to men like Funes , Ortega , Mujica , and Chávez , whose careers began in guerrilla movements or failed coups , Mockus 's past is irreproachable .
Following this failed attempt , Kibaki ordered Attorney General Amos Wako to author his government 's version of a new constitution .
It is , frankly , inconceivable that the Fund would have failed so miserably in detecting them .
Yet , within the complexity , there is a very simple truth : for a decade or more , we have known that it was risky to go on emitting greenhouse gases , yet we have utterly failed to take credible steps to stop .
Putin 's attempt in 2003 to have President Bush recognize Russia 's `` special interests '' in the former Soviet Union failed , just as Yeltsin 's bid to gain that recognition failed a decade earlier .
In Ukraine , the harvest failed in 1931 .
One of them cut off all supplies to communities that failed to make their grain quotas .
Taxpayers ' money was spent to purchase corporate stocks in a failed attempt to support collapsing stock prices .
They failed .
Previously , I was twice arrested on charges that even Mr. Kuchma 's tame courts failed to pursue .
Indeed , the current military operation follows Israel 's two-year blockade of Gaza , which was supposed to have damaged Hamas , but failed to do so .
Yet the same EU members have failed to endow the European Commission with overall responsibility for holding member governments to their commitments and , where necessary , imposing penalties for breaches . This intergovernmental approach lay behind the Lisbon Agenda 's failure to deliver the results needed to make Europe more competitive and dynamic by 2010 , and the same shortcomings will bedevil its successor , the new `` Europe 2020 '' strategy .
If we believe that economic actors are irrational , then we will enact paternalistic policies aimed at controlling behavior or bailing out failed agents and institutions , which could be self-defeating and even dangerous .
Although his college demanded professional evaluation before he would be allowed to return , the suspect in the Arizona shootings , it seems , failed to seek help from Tucson 's available services .
The irony here is that China is widely hailed as a success story , while Zimbabwe is generally viewed as a failed state .
But the Nice meeting failed miserably .
Failing states in Central America When the US Defense Department produced a report in December in which it named Mexico as one as one of two countries -LRB- along with Pakistan -RRB- at risk of rapidly becoming a failed state there was a predictable rejection of its findings in many quarters .
Head further south to Central America -- Guatemala in particular -- and the failed state paradigm may be far more applicable .
President Lukashenko , however , has failed to co-opt all the key figures within the opposition and uncommitted sectors of civil society . Indeed , important members of the presidential nomenklatura have turned dissident and joined Mr. Goncharik 's coalition .
It neither emits nor absorbs light significantly , which is why astronomers failed to notice it for millennia , even though dark matter contributes five times as much to the total mass of the universe as normal matter .
For too long , the world 's oldest and largest democracies have failed to fulfill the promise of their relationship .
But it failed to point out that the feebleness of such coordination , linked to an absence of cabinet-centered policymaking , was precisely the main weakness of Japan 's political system that the founders of the DPJ set out to overcome .
For years the Bank of Japan -LRB- BOJ -RRB- failed to provide signals of this kind .
The European Union 's leading country , Germany , failed to meet its commitments to its EU partners concerning its deficit .
Continuing budget deficits have visibly failed to deliver what die-hard Keynesians had promised .
With Gaza suffering under a lengthy siege , Hamas leader Khalid Mashal said that there was no point in a new truce , since the old one had `` failed to lift the siege on Gaza . ''
The Bush administration , having proclaimed a war on terror , invaded and occupied countries , and yet failed to see that these events were being linked in the eyes of people in the region .
In response to America 's failed policies in the Middle East , whether in Iraq , Iran , Syria , Lebanon , or Palestine , Russia appears to be using its oil-fired wealth to knit together a new bloc to counter the US presence .
The states in the Middle East can be characterized by a series of `` F-words : '' failed , frozen , flexible , flourishing , or frightening .
For example , Yemen is now a failed state .
The frightening state in the region is the United States , which , following the terrorist attacks of September 2001 , was anxious to bring about democratic regime change -- a failed policy that now appears to have left the US unable to leave .
Indeed , it is increasingly seen as a nascent failed state and potential replacement host for Al Qaeda .
Following that failed attack , US President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown jointly pushed a conference in London to propose solutions for the previously overlooked crises in Yemen .
The real question is whether the West will address Yemen 's failed political and military strategies , which are the root cause of Al Qaeda 's mushrooming presence in the country .
If the West buys into Saleh 's depiction of a war against Al Qaeda , it will be trapped into supporting him and his failed policies .
Mohammed Rabbani , the Taliban prime minister , did so that year , yet his government still failed to hand over bin Laden .
But the real protective shield for the Gulf rulers is the presence of US troops in Iraq , because the Kingdom 's blinkered strategists failed to see that a failure to engage with post-Saddam Iraq would leave the field open to Iran .
Blinded by internecine domestic power struggles , they failed to see the great powers ' strategic gambits in the region . That failure led directly to the colonization of Korea by Japan .
Moreover , there is no hope that any new leader , whoever it may be , will get any breathing space to establish unquestioned control , given the economy 's utter state of decay , as last year 's failed bid to reform the currency demonstrated .
Income distribution has skewed in favor of the rich for too long , and the government has failed to provide decent public goods .
Cities do not become financial centers because they are more `` excellent '' than other cities , or because they have done something that other cities failed to do .
Do we want to live in a system where profits are private , but losses are socialized , where taxpayer money is used to prop up failed firms ?
Unfortunately , the pact failed miserably .
Empowering the IMF to take over failed international banks would fill this gap -- and chase away our worst nightmare .
Much research has tried to establish a connection between bankers ' compensation schemes and risk-taking , but has failed to find one .
